===== 2025 Q2  (2025-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Everyone, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity second quarter earnings call for fiscal year 2025. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. If you'd like to ask a question during that time, please press star. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's second quarter results and our outlook for our third quarter of fiscal 2025. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin, and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. The accompanying slide presentation, the press release, and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, during the Q&A portion of today's call, due to the number of participants, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question. You may rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Sujal, and thank you everyone for joining us today. As you're all well aware, we continue to be in a dynamic global environment that has gotten more complex over the past month due to trade dynamics. As Heath and I will cover on today's call, we are performing well and continue to execute on what we can control to deliver strong financial performance, as is evident in our second quarter results we published this morning. But before I get into the quarter details and our guidance, I want to begin by sharing how the recent tariff and now and the actions that we're taking to navigate these impacts. I think it's first very important to start by framing TE's business and how global we are. First, it's important to highlight that three-quarters of our sales are outside the United States, and we've invested to manufacture close to our customers to be aligned with their supply chains. A second key point is that our manufacturing strategy was developed by working with our customers and has resulted in over 70% of our production being localized within each region. When you think about combining the first point of how much of our sales are out and combined with the second point of our manufacturing and our localization strategy, it does result in a small percentage of our sales being impacted by current tariffs, with more of the impact being seen in our industrial segment than in our transportation segment. For those products that are impacted, we have already been working with our customers to minimize the impact. We are implementing a combination of mitigation actions. This will include sourcing changes by both TE as well as our customers. As well as where sourcing changes are not possible, we will be implementing price actions. We will continue to monitor changes to trade policy, but due to the mitigation levers I just laid out, we do not expect tariffs to have a meaningful impact on our third quarter earnings based upon what is enacted currently. And Heath will get into more details in his section about the tariff levers. I feel our teams are well positioned to now around us to deliver on the value proposition for our owners and our customers. So our performance and momentum to consistently execute on our business model is reinforced by the current year results, which include our strong second quarter and guidance for the third quarter. When we step back from some of the noise, we are hitting on all cylinders as a company. We're growing in line with our business model. Adjusted operating margins are running at the 19% plus range. We continue to demonstrate our cash generation model. And we have a strong balance sheet that enables us to continue our balanced capital deployment strategy. So with that as an overall backdrop, and I'm sure we'll cover more in the Q&A, I'd like to get into the presentation, which starts with slide three, and I'll discuss some of the highlights and guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2025. Our second quarter sales were above guidance at $4.1 billion, and this was up 5% organically and 4% on a reported basis year over year. You know, these results were driven by double-digit growth in our industrial solutions segment, and what we saw there was very broad-based in that growth. We had record adjusted earnings per share of $2.10. And this was ahead of our guidance and up 13% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 19.4%, up 90 basis points over last year, driven by strong operational performance in both of our segments, and the overall expansion was driven by a 260 basis point increase in the Industrial segment. Our orders were $4.25 billion, and these were up 6% on both a year-over-year and a sequential basis, and this supports our outlook for the sequential growth into the third quarter. And I'll get into more details on the order levels in a little bit. We delivered strong free cash flow of $1.1 billion in the first half of this year. We approximately $1 billion return to shareholders, and we also announced a 9% increase to our dividend. And this reinforces our strong cash generation model. I also want to highlight that in April, we closed on the Richards acquisition in the industrial segment, and we deployed $2.3 billion related to that acquisition. As we look forward, we are expecting our third quarter sales to increase sequentially to $4.3 billion, and this will be up 5% organically year over year. Our guidance includes a Richard's acquisition as well as two points of pricing related to tariff recovery. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be around $2.06. This will be up 8% year over year. So if you could, I'd appreciate if you could turn to slide four. And I'll get into more details on the order trends. In the quarter, we saw orders grow to $4.25 billion, and we had a book to bill of 1.02. In the transportation segment, our orders were flat versus the prior year. And we had growth in Asia of 18% in transportation that was offset by declines in Europe and North America. The global auto market continues to be uneven by region, and you see the strength of our Asia position in both our orders as well as sales, which is helping to cover weak western auto markets. Sequentially, we saw orders growth in all business in transportation. In the industrial segment, we continue to see strong order momentum with 13% year-over-year growth and 4% growth sequentially. And this growth reflects ongoing strength in artificial intelligence application as well as strength in our energy and AD and M businesses. Another thing I would like to highlight is that for the first three weeks of April, we continue to see stable order patterns and a book to bill greater than one, which further supports our Q3 guidance. Now let me discuss year-over-year segment results, and I'll start with transportation on slide five. Our auto business was flat organically in the second quarter with growth in Asia of 16% being offset by declines in Western regions of 11%. Our sales growth in Asia outperformed a 5% increase in Asia car production and reinforces our strong position in that region. As we look forward, we expect our global content growth to be at the low end of our four to six-point range for the second half of our year. While we do expect global auto production to decline this year, we anticipate electronification across all power trains to be a key driver for our growth of our market in the second half, and as we talked before, it'll be driven by software-defined vehicle architecture, the related proliferation of data connectivity in the car. We also continue to expect 20% growth in hybrid, electric vehicle production with roughly 80% of that production occurring in Asia, where we're strongly positioned and we produce locally. Turning to the commercial transportation business. The 5% organic decline was as we expected and driven by market weakness in Europe and North America that was partially offset by growth in Asia. We continue to expect this market to be slow next quarter, with sales looking a lot like the second quarter. In our sensors business, the sales decline was driven by weakness in the broader industrial market in Europe and North America. For the transportation segment overall, our teams continue to execute well in a slow environment reflected by adjusted operating margins that remained above 20% in the second quarter. Let's turn over to the industrial solutions segment. I asked you to turn to slide six. And, you know, just start with let the segment had very nice growth this quarter of 17%. You know, that growth was driven by our digital data network, which grew nearly 80% organically. With increasing ramps from hyperscale platforms. We now expect revenue from artificial intelligence applications to be above $700 million in fiscal 2025, reflecting strong program ramps and leadership in multiple hyperscale AI platforms across the customer base. In automation and connected living, it was nice to see that the unit returned to growth in the quarter. With 2% organic growth and, you know, just I would tell you, it was broad-based. For the third quarter, we are expecting sales to be roughly flat to the second quarter, in our AC and L business. In aerospace, defense, and marine, our sales were up 11% organically. Driven by growth across commercial aerospace, defense, and space applications. In these markets, we continue to see favorable demand trends coupled with ongoing supply chain recovery, and we see the momentum in these markets continuing. And in our medical business, it did decline 14% in the quarter due to the inventory normalization by our customer that we've been talking to you about. But a key for this business is we did see double digits sequential growth in this business. As we expected. And let me wrap up with energy where we saw 8% sales growth organically driven by continued momentum in grid hardening and renewable applications, with double-digit growth in the United States. The Richards acquisition enables us to capitalize on strong growth opportunities in the North American utility market. I would like to welcome the employees of Richards to the TE team. And look forward to the value they will create as we strengthen our position in North America together. Now let me turn to margins. In this segment, you know, in the industrial segment, adjusted operating margins expanded 260 basis points to 17.9%. As the teams executed well on the strong sales volumes. I am pleased with the progress that we're making on our margin journey in this segment. So with that, as an overview, let me hand it over to Heath. He'll get more detail on the financials, tariffs, and our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide seven. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was $805 million with an adjusted operating margin of 19.4%. GAAP operating income was $748 million and included $12 million of acquisition-related charges, and $45 million of restructuring and other charges. For the full year, our view of restructuring is unchanged at around $100 million. Adjusted EPS was $2.10 and GAAP EPS was $0.04 for the quarter and included a one-time non-cash tax charge of $1.91 due to change in tax laws, as well as restructuring acquisition and other charges of $0.14. Our beat versus guidance was driven by strong operational performance in both segments. The adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 22% in Q2, and we expect both the third quarter and the second half adjusted tax rate to be in the 24% to 25% range. The higher tax rate will result in a $0.06 sequential headwind to EPS in the third quarter. For the full year, the adjusted tax rate is expected to be roughly 24%. And as a reminder, the increase versus the prior year is primarily related to the impact of the pillar two global minimum tax and jurisdictional mix of our earnings. Importantly, and as always, we anticipate our cash tax rate to be well below our adjusted ETR. Now if you sort of turn to slide eight, sales of $4.1 billion were up 5% organically year over year. Adjusted operating margins were 19.4%, and in the second quarter, expanding 90 basis points year over year. Adjusted earnings per share were $2.10, a company record and up 13% year over year driven by revenue growth and margin expansion. Turning to cash flow. Cash from operations was $653 million and free cash flow was $424 million. Through the first half of the fiscal year, cash flow was $1.1 billion. We continue to expect our free cash flow conversion to be over 100% year. While we are in a dynamic environment, we feel comfortable with where we are as a company and our ability to effectively navigate through this. Our cash generation and healthy balance sheet position us well and provide us optionality with uses of capital. Through the first half of this fiscal year, we returned approximately $1 billion to shareholders. And as Terrence mentioned, we recently made an announcement to raise our dividend by 9%. And also as Terrence mentioned, earlier this month, we deployed $2.3 billion of cash for the Richards acquisition in our energy business. All this activity demonstrates the strength of our balance sheet and the confidence we have in our cash generation model. We will continue to monitor the environment as we make decisions on capital deployment going forward. Elliot had a couple of other details on our third quarter guidance that Terrence shared. First, we are including Richards, which contributes roughly $70 million to sales, and is roughly neutral to adjusted EPS including the impact on financing. The second item I want to cover is the tariff impact. That is factored into our Q3 guidance. For those products that are affected by enacted tariffs, we estimate a cost impact of approximately 3% of sales. We anticipate that about one-third of this impact will be mitigated by sourcing changes by TE and our customers, and we expect to recover the vast majority of the remaining two-thirds of the tariff impact through pricing actions will represent about two points of price related to tariff recovery in the third quarter. These are the actions that we can control with the direct impact. We will continue to work with our customers as they evolve their supply chain strategies. Before I turn it over to questions, let me reinforce that we are executing well to deliver strong results and have positioned the company to successfully navigate the current dynamic environment. So with that, let's open it up to questions. Ellie, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: We are now opening the floor for the question and answer session. If you'd like to ask a question, please press star or by one on your telephone keypad. Your first question comes from Scott Davis from Melius. Your line is now open.
Scott Davis: Hey. Good morning, Terrence.
Terrence Curtin: Good morning.
Scott Davis: Congrats on the numbers and on all this. It's encouraging. I have to ask on the tariff stuff just because it's so topical right now, and what people are focused on. But, you know, there's another kind of concern that people have, and that is an anti-American sentiment in the supply chain that perhaps certain regions may favor local suppliers versus, you know, US suppliers. Talk through us. And I guess the other kind of natural question is that sounds like it's easier to get price within your auto contracts. Is that because specifically in your auto contracts, they allow for changes in pricing if there's tariffs? I just wanted some clarity on that. But I'm more interested really in the geopolitical challenges and what that does perhaps to the US, you know, US company like TE.
Terrence Curtin: So twofold. Let me take the second part first, Scott, on the pricing. The tariff impact that we have is much more in our industrial segment than our transportation segment. Because of our global scale and how much we make in region, the tariff impact that we even talk about is much more in our industrial segment where you have more fragmentation and a little bit where you're crossing borders. So when you look at it, there will be elements where we will be doing surcharges for tariffs and transfer in the numbers we talked about. The vast majority relates to our industrial segment. And, you know, we've been working with our automotive customers for that part on mitigation sourcing, how do we do supply differently as well as moving tools. So I want to make sure that's clear. On your anti-American sentiment, I think there's a couple of things that are important that our teams are viewed very locally. When you think about how our business model works, it is local teams designing with at the design centers. It's also manufacturing and sourcing that's done from a localization. So you get that feel that's very local. You know, we are an extremely global company. Yes. We have American executives at the top, but when you look at really what our customers see, it is very much driven down into those local markets whether that is in China, whether that's in Germany, whether that's in Japan, whether that's Brazil, everywhere. And localization's always been a big part of our strategy. That's how we do business. As you see in our China auto results as well as China overall, we have good traction. We have not seen anti-American sentiment around what we do. But it is certainly something we always keep in front of us. And it's something that, you know, we run locally for a long time, and that's why that tariff amount is as low as it is. Because we've always said we want to be tied to the design center locally as well as to the supply chain locally, and we don't export things from the United States elsewhere to the world. I think that's a key element when you look at it. These tariff impacts are really where we, for what we do in the United States, which is about $4 billion of our $16 plus billion of revenue. It really is things that we bring in from scale from elsewhere in the world, and we'll have to look at do we move some of that tooling to be much more local here as we work through our mitigation strategies.
Scott Davis: Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Scott. Thank you, Scott. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. I wanted to better understand how tariffs are affecting your outlook by end market and to what extent that's informed by your recent customer conversations and order patterns, including in April, importantly, as you think about how tariffs are affecting your reviews by end market, what gives you confidence that there isn't a material amount of pull in sales occurring in the near term due to tariffs? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. So hey, Mark. Let me talk about the polling question, and then I'll get into some of the market dynamics. First off, you know, while there were discussions with customers about maybe thinking about, hey, do they pull some things forward? I would tell you, were just scenario planning. We did not see anything meaningful whether it be from our direct customers or distribution customers. So when you look at it, I think in an environment where lead times are relatively normal, there is inventory available because we've been through the supply chain elements. As well as uncertainty. It's not something where people say, hey. I want to pull things forward, and we did not see pull-ins meaningfully. As I said on the call, our orders have been remaining stable. There are a lot of customer discussions of how do you work through the mitigation strategies where you do have tariffs. And our teams have continued to work with our customers on the things that they have choices they can make. We also have things that we're proposing to say, how do we work through to say, how do you do as much as you can to localize to eliminate it? I also have to be very honest with you. We are a small part of the Some of our customers have bigger things they have to figure out. We are not involved in all those discussions. We're just trying to figure out how do we help them. And we're very much running the business on what we see in our orders and these customer discussions. And when we look at, you know, what I said on the call, and let me just recap it a little bit. You know, in industrial, there's areas we just see momentum that continues to crank. You know? DDN, the AI ramps, you know, what we see, those ramps have accelerated. We told you in the call that we expect that to be over $700 million versus $600 million we just told you last quarter. In energy, the growth factors around hardening and renewables, we continue to see further strengthening there. Richard will add to that. In aerospace and defense, continues to crank along. The space half applications continue to crank along. We really have, like, seen no pauses there. And then one bright spot that I would say in the quarter in our ACL business it finally returned to growth but we're taking a view due to what's going on that we think that gonna stay flat line. And then in transportation, we just sort of view we don't expect view ICT and sensors to improve near term. With the dynamics going on. And in automotive, you know, we do expect auto production to go down sequentially. We do expect auto production to be down 5% year over year. And that's gonna be the trends continue that we saw in the second quarter. Growth in Asia, declines in the west that are probably pushing, you know, closer to 10%. So, you know, it's still a very mixed environment. I think those who are feel right based upon what we're seeing, and do view their balance but but it isn't everything is just going up. And I think our team's operating well in this uneven environment. And hopefully, that gives you a flavor of how recapping the markets that we see them. Today.
Mark Delaney: Okay. Thank you, Mark. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Amit Daryanani: Good morning, everyone. I just have a question about margin expansion. Expansion over the last few quarters, in fact, the last couple of years. You know, as you go forward, can you just talk about if margin expansion and the EPS growth can sustain, especially if we end up in a more difficult, choppy end market environment. Just hoping you could flush out, you know, margin expansion vectors that peak and leverage across both transport and industrial segments. And how much of that going forward you think is demand versus self-help? Self-help driven? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Well, I'm gonna just say it. I'll take this. You know, obviously, I think we've covered this first step of our hero's call, you know, some of the volatility in the markets. You know, we do have some markets that are growing nicely. We have some that are kinda more stable, and we have some that are weak. You add it all up, and it's a fairly even or uncertain market. If you will. We're not getting a lot of support there at the aggregate level. However, we have, over the last several years, as you're aware, reduced our manufacturing footprint, and we have taken sites offline, and this is part of our localization strategy that is aligned with where our customers want us to be. And in markets where we can also then get scale and get leverage. So I do feel good about our ability to continue to ramp margins is a huge focal point here. The over the next year or so, the bigger jump is gonna be continue to be in the industrial segment as industrial, you know, continues its journey. And that's a combination of a variety of factors. A lot of that is volume and continued rationalization of locations. But I continue to see that our transportation business has been hovering between 20% and 21% here for the last several quarters. I feel good about where they can be. Obviously, Terrence just outlined softer markets there. Again, so our ability to hold our head there above the 20% line feels like the right place to be until we can get back into a situation where we're growing the top line. So we've got a series of different operational levers that we're pulling in terms of protecting both margins and growing in the industrial segment as well as how that converts into EPS. So you know, our business model contemplates, you know, where we sit today and where we had a good quarter. We have our outlook for the third quarter is good. Look to finish strong in FY25 and then jump into 26. Without a lot of certainty what these markets are gonna do.
Amit Daryanani: Okay. Thank you, Amit. Can I have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Terrence, can you address how you're thinking now about content growth for the year given your commentary on production trends getting worse and obviously been a slower start in the first half of the year from a content perspective. And a quick clarification for Heath, if I could. The 3% of cost impact that you're noting next quarter, how much of that is direct impact from tariffs versus your own cost increases or maybe operations or logistics or just in managing these tariffs. And how should we think about it going forward as well? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Wamsi, let me I'll take both of those just for ease. First off, being on auto production, I think the one thing that we've talked to you all about with content this year is, you know, with Europe being extremely weak, Europe is our strongest content region historically. And when you look at European production this year, like, last quarter, it was down basically 10%. That has pressure on our content, and we had about a two-point outperformance in this past quarter over production. Age is very strong. So we're feeling a little bit of uneven by region and just say different regions have different content levels. As I said on the call, as we look through the remainder of the year, you know, we're expecting to be at that low end of the four to six. We have ramps that are going on in Asia that we feel very good about. We talked about to your last quarter, some of them. The data momentum around data connectivity in the car I know years ago, it was a lot about electrified powertrain. The data connectivity growth and the programs that we've run around the world as people get ready for autonomy and software-defined, you need Internet architecture in the car to really make this happen, and that's what we mean by data connectivity. Gonna be the element that allows us to get it up to the low end of the four to six. But right now, we are being impacted by Europe being weak and being our higher content per vehicle region. Is creating a little bit of headwind to what you see overall. On your second part of your question, that I'll just jump right on to, you look at the impacts that we have, they're the tariff costs that we have. That 3% of sales, they are things and most of what we have due to our localization is just where we source something could be something from Germany or Japan that we bring over here, that we have scale advantage on. That create the tariff impact. So it is tariff surcharge and that's based upon the tariffs that are enacted today.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi. Can I have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Junk from Baird. Your line is now open.
Luke Junk: Great. Thank you for taking the question. Terrence, hoping you can maybe just parse out what you're seeing in automation and connected living between those two subsegments, the inflection this quarter, should we think that automation within that is also inflecting and maybe, if you could also comment just what you're seeing geographically across those two parts of the business, including maybe indirect tariff impacts on picking appliances in China, especially. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Certainly. So when you look at it, appliance, you know, has been growing and, you know, continued to grow. And I would tell you, if that's been growing pretty much in all regions, big area that we were running behind was in the automation side of it. And what we saw in the quarter loop, which was really nice and took the entire unit up to growth overall was we saw orders started to pick up. You saw in Europe, they started to inflect upward. Certainly saw them also inflect upward in Asia. North America was steady. So right now, when you look at them, you know, the order trends started to show an inflection point. Right now, what we're assuming with everything going on with tariffs and this is capital goods, and we sort of have an outlook that we expect our sales to sort of stay where they were in the second quarter. Because we'd like to see that momentum stick a little bit longer just knowing to what's going on on the tariff uncertainty. And this is one of the markets where when we talk about impacted by tariffs, you do have a lot of supply chain crossover that happens. Because of the fragmentation here. So probably taken a more conservative view than the orders we saw. But it is something right now. Hopefully, we can tell you next quarter we continue to see momentum in the orders what we saw just this last quarter.
Luke Junk: Thank you, Luke. May I have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, and good morning, everyone. Maybe if I can just ask Hi. Hopefully, you can hear me. If I can just ask you on the AI momentum that you're seeing on that front. I know the first three months of this year, there's been a lot of concern from investors about sort of pullback from customers in relative to their sort of spend on data centers and expansion of data centers as well as new bids. But maybe if you can clarify what's driving the higher guide on your front. Are you seeing some of the orders come in much higher than expected, or was this more about you being conservative initially with the numbers and raising it with more higher visibility? Just any more color on what you're hearing from the customer there, primarily just in the backdrop of the investor concerns we're hearing. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: No. Samik, thanks for the question. And, you know, think one of the things that's important in our second quarter, we saw a 150% increase on our orders. So these are real orders. Certainly, overall, AI capex has continues to grow. And certainly, I know some of the players have made different comments. But I think what's important is you know, these are ramps of programs that we want. So these are ramps that, you know, we're working with our customers on and, you know, hyperscalers are the ones that we're working with here across our customer base. And the increase that you saw was about $50 million more than we had in the second quarter. You know. So some of the beat that I said was broad-based was due to us being able to ramp quicker for our customers. And then you're gonna have the remaining increase in the next couple of quarters. And it's really about ramping quicker on program fleet one and orders coming in with higher demand on it. So that's something that we get excited about, and I know we talked earlier probably two or three quarters ago about where do we go there? You know, we're closer to that billion-dollar number. That, you know, we'll probably be running at next year in 26 as we continue to have these ramps increase. So the momentum is real. The programs are real. And certainly working hard with our customers make sure we ramp to their needs as they're trying to deploy their AI servers.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Thank you, Samik. Can I have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano from TD Cowen. Your line is now open.
Joe Giordano: Guys. Thanks for taking my call. I wanted to talk on the automation side. You know, it's good to hear the commentary that Europe is getting better. I mean, audibly off very low levels. In the US, I'm curious. Like, are you just still seeing kind of a pause in customers wanting to move forward with things until they know what the rules of engagement are from a policy standpoint?
Terrence Curtin: No. What I would say there is uncertainty, Joe. Yeah. We let's face it. Everybody's trying to figure out their supply chains right now. So there is a lot of effort that are going on to say, how do I work on supply chains? How do I work upon, you know, what's in front of me? So that uncertainty let's face it, we all have the same number of people pre-tariff than we have today. So, you know, it does create a distraction of what people work time on. I would tell you, we did see orders pick up in the United States and automation. I think the element that we're just being a little bit cautious with our guide is really it you know, it was this was the first quarter in a long time. We do worry just as where do people take their capex plans. Very honestly, our capex plans are not changing meaningfully. You know, we have to ramp AI programs. We have other programs we have to ramp. The facilities we need to build to support those. But I do just think the amount of effort going in around how do we make sure we make what we can, I think is pretty prevalent across every company as they're trying to figure this out? It does create a little bit of a distraction and then another focus area for people to figure out real time. And, typically, people that are working the automation plans are the same people are in the manufacturing area trying to figure everything else out. On capacity and so forth. So just why we have probably a little bit more of an uncertain tone around it. Than some of our other markets.
Joe Giordano: Alright. Thank you, Joe. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe it's Turning to medical, obviously another tough on destocking. Can you just update us on channel inventory and how you expect this market to play out the remainder of the year? And then just a way to estimate what underlying demand is first what you're seeing in your sales. Thank you so much.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Yeah. Where we position our medical business, you know, it's around the mid-single-digit market. We did have coming out of COVID, and our first quarter, we expected. So that's a December quarter, you know, we saw customers pull back majorly. Around, hey, all the supply chain inventory. What's really nice is you saw about a 20% sequential increase in that business. We view that inventory elements over, and you're gonna continue to see us have a second half sequential improvement over the first half in that business. As we work out of that.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. Thank you, Saree. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Langan from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Colin Langan: Oh, great. Thanks for taking my question. It sounds like you're pretty well positioned on tariff risk given you're pretty local within region. You know, I guess we'll find out over the next few months how things settle in. But do you think that could be an advantage over time? Or do are your competitors do they all have pretty similar footprints? Yeah. Any thoughts there in terms of maybe how that shapes that going forward?
Terrence Curtin: No. Well, you know, it's very much competitor can buy competitor, but we do view we're advantaged. You know, the localization that we've invested in, has been significant. And, you know, some of the things we did when we invested in restructuring to get things. We took capacity offline in certain regions of the world. To make it much more localized. Is an advantage. Now we do have some competitors that only make in one region of the world. Some of our middle and smaller competitors. So we very much for you, as we deal with our customers and we look at mitigation strategies, this is something that can be advantage. As we move forward. And as we help work them through it. So we have a very positive competitive tone going through this. And, you know, how do we help our customers work through it and also show we might have more options than others.
Colin Langan: Okay. Thank you, Colin. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning. Take care. Good panoramic. Hey. A lot of good panoramic topics covered. It was curious about space. You know, it's a relatively small market, but it's scaling. Just wondering if you could help us understand the scope of that in it. Is it something that's kinda doubling from a small base or kind of the contours of what's going on with space and how that might contribute, you know, over the next couple of years, really.
Terrence Curtin: Chris, I appreciate you using the word panoramic. I don't think I've ever had that on an earnings call. You know, space is important. So when you sit there and it where we serve it is really in our aerospace defense, and marine, not surprisingly. And one of the things that is nice is where this is where you get a convergence with how the space field has changed with who actually builds current space vehicles happen, also what happens in lower satellites. Benefit us in space. So it is an area that is has morphed a lot. An area where, you know, data speeds, things that we talk to you about in AI, similar data speeds you need to continue to work to, and we leverage what we do in our DDM business. But clearly, the environment is much different in the space application and it's where, you know, some of the standards that are there and the materials you have to use get very specialized. And it's areas where we excel at. So it has been a driver. It is something you said it very well. It's multiplying at a very quick pace but it's on a lower base. You know, while you benefit also benefit from redundancy in these applications, but you do have compute that's increasing massively and that's areas when we look at high speed, high power and then have to do the packaging that exists in a space application. It is a vector that is a smaller vector in our AV and M space, but a vector that we've been benefiting from, and we expect we're gonna continue to talk to you about.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my call. You can if you can just talk a little bit about commercial transportation. I think the guide is for it to be kind of flattish. Just how we should think about the trajectory of that segment, subsegment as it is higher margins and when we should start to see some recovery in that, that could possibly be a positive driver for your transportation segment. Margin. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: No. Certainly. So, you know, we have told you numerous quarters now, we see an environment. And when we do commercial transportation, that's class a truck. That's AG equipment, that's also construction equipment. And, you know, the ag environment has been, you know, tough. Certainly, financing has hit some of these markets. And, you know, in Europe and North America, you've seen that softness play out more. While this year, we do expect that places like India and China have had increases in unit production. So really, there's catalysts that are out there for Europe and North America. Certainly, with North America around some of the emission changes that are coming up in 27, how does that all impact with some of the uncertainty? We do think that will create at some point and then an inflection point. We just don't know if that's gonna be, you know, two quarters out, three quarters out. Right now, we see our business. The orders are staying very stable. So we've got it into the third quarter. It's stay stable. But I do think what you'll get is as some of those emission things play in, you will see a more traditional cycle for the class a trucks. And your point's very valid of, you know, this does run a higher mark.
Asiya Merchant: Okay. Thank you, Asiya. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Spak of UBS. Your line is now open.
Joe Spak: Thanks so much, everyone. I just wanted to maybe dive in a little bit more to the industrial orders, which were strong. But are you including any of the Richard's acquisition in that growth? And I know you sort of made some comments about, you know, AI as well. So I'm just trying to get a sense of, like, what the underlying organic, like, old core historical orders industrial orders were. Because, you know, you also made a comment about, I guess, in the US, you saw a pickup but like, you know, my understanding is a lot of that equipment for factory automation comes from overseas. So it seems like they're, you know, it isn't gonna get more expensive under this regime. So just want to understand how you're thinking about that sort of order trends there.
Terrence Curtin: No. When you look at our order trends in the industrial segment, pretty much across the board, we had orders growth year over year. So I just want to make sure that when you look at that, you know, that was, you know, across the board, strong order growth. It was in automation. It was in the appliance area. And this would be only where we serve local customers, Joe. So if we're serving a German factory automation player, we would be getting that in our European business, not in our US business. So the growth is very broad. There is no Richard Daughters. In our orders. That's that. We didn't close that till April, so that we'll start getting that. And the growth was also you sit there, you know, it was across the board with Europe actually getting closer to zero than where it was before. So it was very broad geographically. Around the world. Across all the business units. And you even saw that in our results sequentially. Our sales were up across all our business units from quarter one to quarter two.
Joe Spak: Alright. Thank you, Joe. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox of Fox Advisors. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Hey. Good morning. Terrence, I was wondering if you could just more broadly talk about your price and power going forward from two aspects. One, you sell into a lot of large OEMs that may be feeling, you know, demand pain down the road in addition to, like, all the tariff questions. And then two, like you mentioned, you know, there's a lot of different types of competitors out there that you may run into, regional, smaller, large global, otherwise. And just sort of how responsible you think they will be on pricing. Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. No. Good question, Steve. I think when you look at it, you know, this year before the tariffs hit us, our pricing is neutral at the total TE level. We are price positive in our industrial segment. And, you know, just a little negative in the transportation segment. So, you know, one of the things that we've had this year, let's face it, that certain input costs have gone up on certain materials. You know, we've been very disciplined on that. As well as the tariffs that we talked about today. So, you know, I tend to think that the pricing environment will continue to be dictated by where input costs go and also the tariff impacts. And, you know, I feel our team has done a good job managing it as well as the other things that we can do to help our customers, like we talked about, you know, on the mitigation actions. You know? Are there things we localize, move tools on, you know, the way we have our supply chain set up with our customers. Is there things we can do together? And they're the ideas we're going that are also ways we provide value that's a little bit different than we talk to you about in a certain environment like that. So that's the benefit that we have in this uncertain time. But I feel good how the teams are managing through the pricing aspects and, you know, I do think it's different than how we used to do.
Steven Fox: Alright. Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. But first, I'd say, Paul is also hydroponic. The question is about my AI data center business. Industry context that I see to reflect a pretty meaningful pull in activity that went on to some degree during counter Q1, but more so that's sort of accelerating. Okay. I wonder how certain you are about your earlier comment about not seeing meaningful pull-ins. I wonder what your visibility is to that. And, also, I'm hoping you can comment on the customer concentration or dispersion and any anticipated change in that? Thanks so much.
Terrence Curtin: So, Will, on the AI side, you know, we do play across the hyperscalers. We also partner with the other semiconductor companies that would be more of our peers in that space that do some of the signal elements from a semiconductor. So our focus is more on the hyperscaler side. I would say we did not see pull-ins related to this. This has been very much a function of ramping with our customers on the AI side, which gives us confidence of what they're telling us as well as how, you know, we're working with them together to continue to ramp up that gives us confidence in the over $700 million. So we did not see pulling from the AI customers at all.
William Stein: Thank you, Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Shreyas Patil of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Shreyas Patil: Hey. Thanks so much for taking my question. Just maybe to put a finer point on a previous question, how should we think about the pace at which you can get recoveries in the auto end market? I believe in the past, talked about how it takes longer than industrial, but I'm wondering if you'd expect recoveries to be faster in this scenario. And then maybe just on capital allocation, curious how you're thinking about the priorities there. Between buybacks and M&A. Especially following this Richard's acquisition? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: I'll let Heath take this, but I do want to stress what I said earlier that the bulk of our tariff exposure is more in our industrial segment than our transportation segment. So I know I said that times. I want to make sure that comes through where if certainly in the industrial segment, we have, you know, more pricing levers. Heath, anything you want to add capital over that?
Heath Mitts: No. I just think on the capital allocation, obviously, we did deploy a significant amount of capital with the Richards deal. It was $2.3 billion. So you've seen that and you'll see that results in a modest amount of increase in our debt levels as well. Having said that, as we look forward, you know, we still will feel very confident in our cash generation model. Our ability to generate cash in this environment has been fairly resilient. And, we feel good about it. So, you know, an M&A engine is not something you just turn on and off. It's something you have to cultivate over time, and so we're always active in that. Having said all that, you know, there's opportunities to buy our shares as well. So you'll see a balance of that as we go through the year. I don't mean to intend to be too vague here, but deals gonna come in with lumpy format. It's never a linear process in terms of when acquisitions get done. But we have a, you know, sticks in the fire right now with that and looking at things not of the same size of Richards. So but it's still in the bolt-on category of things that we look at. In the meantime, we're in the market every day with share buyback.
Shreyas Patil: Alright. Thank you, Shreyas. If you have further questions, please contact investor relations at TE. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning, and have a nice day.
Operator: Today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 AM Eastern Time today, April 23rd, on the investor relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude today's conference call. Have a good day.

===== 2025 Q1  (2025-01-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Everyone, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity First Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal Year 2025. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's first quarter results and outlook for our second quarter of fiscal 2025. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin, and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. As a reminder, we reorganized into a two-segment structure effective with the start of fiscal 2025. Transportation Solutions, where the end markets remain the same, and Industrial Solutions, which adds the two businesses from communications. As we talk about our results today, they will be discussed in the new segment structure. Please refer to our 8-K filed in December for recast financial information under the new structure. Finally, during the Q&A portion of today's call, due to the number of participants, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question. You may rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal. And I first off want to say Happy New Year to everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. As you all are well aware, we continue to be in an uneven global economy where we see pockets of strengths and pockets of weakness. Global economic uncertainty is creating noise as we think about 2025, but what's key is we're performing well and our focus is to execute on what we can control to drive financial improvement as we move through 2025. Within this backdrop, the results that our team delivered for the first quarter are very straightforward. On the top-line, our sales organically were in line with our expectations, our adjusted operating margin and EPS were records and ahead of our guidance, and our free cash flow was a record for the quarter, all driven by the execution of our teams. Our orders were slightly ahead of our expectations and accelerated both year-over-year as well as sequentially, which gives us confidence in our guidance for the sequential improvement in our top-line in the second quarter and further growth in our Industrial Solutions segment as we go through the year. The one area that was not in line with our expectations was the impact of a stronger dollar, which will impact us through this year. I am proud of our team's performance on what we control to deliver earnings and free cash flow that were above our expectations. Now, as we expect this environment to remain dynamic, I want to reiterate four key areas that we're focused on. The first one is innovation. And even with the unevenness that we see, our customers are continuing to innovate on next-generation architectures and what we do from a connectivity and sensing perspective is a key enabler. We are supporting their effort in ramping key programs to drive application growth. And you're going to hear about them whether they're the secular drivers such as high-speed connectivity for AI programs, hardening and monitoring applications of the energy infrastructure, next-generation vehicle architecture, as well as continued ramps to support our AD&M customers. The second thing that's important that we're focused on is making sure we're executing on the operational levers to drive further adjusted margin expansion, and you see this in our first quarter results as well as our guidance. Thirdly, an area that we've been working on a lot and we've invested in is really making sure we benefit from how we -- our global manufacturing strategy. And this includes the localizations that we've done, where our customers need China Plus One strategies. And also on the tariff subject, we will deploy our playbook that we exercised during the 2017 tariff cycle, and we're prepared to do so if tariffs are implemented. And the fourth key and lastly is continuing to drive our strong cash generation model that enables optionality of returning capital to owners as well as capitalizing on bolt-on M&A opportunities as they occur. So, with that as an overview, I'd like to get into presentation. If you can move to Slide 3, and let me discuss some additional highlights and our guidance for the second quarter and then Heath will provide further details. Our first quarter sales were $3.84 billion, which were flat year-over-year. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.95 was ahead of our guidance and up 6% versus the prior year. And adjusted operating margins were record at 19.4%, up 30 basis points over last year and up in both segments. Orders of $4 billion in the first quarter grew both year-over-year and sequentially. And as I said earlier, this was slightly better than we expected. This reflects broader growth within the Industrial segment, including increased momentum in artificial intelligence programs. We delivered record first quarter free cash flow of $674 million, and this was up 18% year-over-year, and this demonstrates the high quality of our earnings. And as we look forward, we are expecting our second quarter sales to increase sequentially to $3.95 billion. On a year-over-year basis, we expect to be impacted by unfavorable currency exchange headwinds of over $100 million. Adjusted earnings per share in the second quarter is expected to be around $1.96, which will be up 5% year-over-year, and this includes a $0.06 headwind from currency exchange and tax versus the prior year. Stepping away from the financials for a second, we are pleased to be included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index this quarter for the 13th year. This designation continues to demonstrate our dedication to sustainable business practices that is expected by our customers and also provides value to our owners. So, with that as an overview, let me get into the order trends and you can see that on Slide 4. In the quarter, we saw orders grow to $4 billion and our book to bill was 1.05. In our Transportation segment, orders came in as we expected, while in the Industrial segment, orders were up 15% on a sequential basis, supporting our outlook for sequential organic sales growth in the second quarter. In Transportation, our auto orders came in as expected, reflecting continued growth in Asia and offsetting softness in Western car production. When you look at the orders decline for the segment, it was driven by weakness in commercial transportation and sensor end markets. Turning to the Industrial segment, all of our business had a book to bill over 1 in the quarter and it supports our growth outlook. We are continuing to see sales growth in aerospace, defense and marine, as well as in energy, and our orders in automation and connected living are indicating stabilization in factory automation end markets. We've also talked to you about our momentum in artificial intelligence applications, and this is continuing. And just to highlight, when you look at our digital data networks business over the last three quarters, our total orders in the last three quarters for this business exceeds $1.5 billion, which sets us up for the growth that we talked to you about. Now, let me get into year-over-year segment results, and I'll start with Transportation on Slide 5. Our auto business performed as we expected and was down 3% organically in the first quarter, with strong growth in Asia being offset by declines in Western regions. As we look forward, we continue to expect global auto production to be down 1% to 2% in fiscal 2025, and we continue to expect our content growth to be at the low end of 4 to 6 point range for the year. While we expect overall auto production to decline this year, we expect continued growth in hybrid and EV production, with now roughly 80% of that production growth this year occurring in Asia where we are strongly positioned. We also expect further electrification of the vehicle and realize when you get electrification benefits that's completely powertrain agnostic. And we're seeing increased content momentum driven by software-defined vehicle architectures, which require more data connectivity and provide content growth for us. And really to give you impact of what the momentum we're seeing, I'll share with you, we just secured over $1 billion of new design wins with the leading Chinese auto OEM for their next-generation platform that is entirely around data connectivity in the car. So, let me turn to the commercial transportation. And as you can see on the slide, we were down 12% organically, as we expected, and this was driven by heavy truck production weakness in Europe and North America. We do expect that demand trend will improve later in this year. And in our sensors business, the sales decline was driven by weakness in the broader industrial markets in Europe and North America. From an adjusted operating margin perspective for the segment, our teams executed very well, and it's reflected by the adjusted operating margins that were 21.3% in the first quarter. Now, with that as an overview of Transportation, let me move to the Industrial Solutions segment on Slide 6, and this segment grew double-digits in the quarter. Starting with our digital data networks business, it grew 50% organically and our design wins are reflecting increased momentum. We now expect revenue from artificial intelligence applications to be above the $600 million in fiscal 2025 and it reflects strong growth and leadership in multiple hyperscale AI platforms across the customer base. In automation and connected living, and this combines our former industrial equipment and appliance businesses, we declined 5% organically, driven by ongoing weakness in factory automation applications in Western geographies, especially in Europe. One nice thing is that we have seen order patterns begin to reflect stability in this end markets, and we've seen increased strength in Asia in the automation area. In AD&M, our sales were up 15% organically, driven by broad growth across commercial aerospace, defense and space applications. In these markets, we continue to see favorable demand trends and ongoing supply chain recovery, and we expect the momentum in these markets to continue. Our medical business in the quarter declined 25% as we expected, and this resulted from inventory normalization by our customers that we're seeing as the broader medical supply chain has improved. And we do expect that our medical business will show sequential growth as we move throughout this year. And the last market that I want to highlight is our energy business. Sales were up 7% organically, driven by strength in all regions and ongoing momentum in utility scale renewables, along with investments that are being made to support increased power generation needs as well as hardening of the infrastructure. I also want to highlight that within the quarter, we acquired Harger, which is a North American leader in lightning protecting and grounding solutions that are foundation to grid reliability and complementary to our existing product set. This acquisition expands our portfolio for grid reliability and connectivity solutions of renewable power, utilities and industrial power applications. And I welcome the employees of Harger to our TE team. For the Industrial segment, adjusted operating margins were 16.8%. They expanded 100 basis points year-over-year, driven by the higher volume and strong operational performance. We do expect all businesses in the Industrial segment to grow sequentially on an organic basis in the second quarter, as I highlighted earlier. Now, with that as an overview of our performance, let me hand it over to Heath, who will get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 7. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was $745 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 19.4%. This was a record performance with year-over-year expansion in both segments, as Terrence mentioned, and it reflects strong execution by our teams to deliver on operational levers, including savings from past restructuring initiatives. GAAP operating income was $690 million and included $5 million of acquisition-related charges and $50 million of restructuring and other charges. Q1 restructuring charges specifically were $43 million, reflecting continued footprint optimization efforts. I expect restructuring charges in fiscal '25 to be around $100 million level, same as we said 90 days ago. Adjusted EPS was $1.95 and GAAP EPS was $1.75 for the quarter, and included a tax charge of $0.04 in restructuring, acquisition and other charges of $0.16. Again, as we guided 90 days ago, the adjusted effective tax rate was 23% in Q1 and we expect Q2 to be at this 23% level as well. We do continue to expect the full year tax rate to be in the 23% to 24% range. As a reminder, the increased ETR versus the prior year is primarily related to the impact of Pillar 2 global min tax. But as always and importantly, we expect our cash tax rate to be well below our adjusted ETR. Now, if you turn to Slide 8, we delivered strong adjusted margin and EPS expansion along with record first quarter free cash flow, with sales that were effectively flat year-over-year. Sales of $3.84 billion were unfavorably impacted by increased currency exchange headwinds in the quarter that impacted us by roughly $50 million versus our guide. Due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, we now expect year-over-year currency exchange headwinds to exceed $300 million for fiscal '25, with roughly $100 million of impact in each of the next three quarters. Adjusted operating margins were 19.4% in the first quarter, expanding 30 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.95, up 6% year-over-year, driven by margin expansion and included headwinds of $0.04 from the higher tax rate. Turning to cash flow, cash from operations was $878 million and free cash flow was $674 million. In the quarter, we deployed roughly $500 million to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, and we utilized $325 million for bolt-on acquisitions in the Industrial segment, including the Harger acquisition that Terrence mentioned earlier. Our cash generation and healthy balance sheet gives us more optionality with the use of capital. We will continue to have strong return of capital to shareholders, but as I mentioned last quarter, we are also looking to pursue more bolt-on acquisition opportunities at attractive valuations. Now, before I turn it over to questions, let me reinforce that we expect to build upon our past performance to deliver strong financial results in 2025. While we cannot control the dynamics of our markets, we are well positioned to benefit from the secular growth trends in the markets we serve, while continuing to deliver strong operational performance to expand margins and drive strong cash generation this year. So, with this -- with that, let's open it up for questions, Sujal.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Christa, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. Thanks very much for taking the question. I was hoping to better understand order trends and if you could speak a bit more around orders by end market and the linearity of orders you saw this last quarter and perhaps how that's informing your 2Q guidance? And just while you're talking on orders by end market and recognizing the full year AI outlook is now for over $600 million and that's strengthened, but just here in the shorter term, as you look at the order patterns, have you seen any volatility either positively or negatively as the industry is starting to transition to Blackwell? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Mark, for the question. And like I said on the call, orders were ahead of where we expected and certainly we had the FX impact, but when we think about them coming in stronger, it is why we feel good about the sequential improvement we're going to see and ongoing broad momentum in the Industrial businesses to build sequentially, certainly, AI, as you talk about more broadly and I'll talk about that. So -- also I want to highlight regionally what we're seeing. We are continuing to see orders reflect broad strength in Asia. And even when you look at the orders growth that we saw, you see Asia has been accelerating. Weakness continues to be in Europe broadly especially when you think of auto and in the industrial space and the heavy truck space where we play. And so, you see that unevenness with United States and the Americas sort of being a little bit more neutral. To your question about the Industrial segments and the markets, what's important is every business had a book to bill above 1. And we do have the momentum in AI, and our AI orders did grow nicely in the quarter, but the Industrial segment, if you take out the AI orders, orders grew 10% year-over-year in that segment and 7% sequentially even without the AI orders that we continue to benefit from. In aerospace, we continue to see growth as commercial air still was recovering. Defense is strong, and while space applications are smaller, they are the fastest-growing applications that we have in that area that you see the strong double-digit growth in aerospace. In energy, it's a business that we've been investing in. We talked about the M&A, but you just continue to see continue order momentum around the utility applications where people are -- you see increased CapEx going into the utilities and it's pretty broad. The area that positive sign even though stability doesn't sound positive is the automation and control space. It's an area where we have seen orders moving sideways. We've seen acceleration in Asia. Certainly, Europe in that area continues to be weak, but it's an area that sort of says it's good to finally see some stabilization in the automation and control area that maybe we can see some improvement later in the year. And in Transportation, I talked about what we're seeing in auto production. We do expect auto production to be down for the year, but the orders are sort of tracking that, and we still expect to be at the low end of the 4% to 6% of our growth over market there, and really the weakness we saw is in the heavy truck market, and we hope that will improve later in the year. So, I think that gives the color that you asked for, and thanks for the question, Mark.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Hey, thanks for the color on the orders. That's actually super helpful. Hey, I wanted to move to margins, because that was -- operating leverage is your second thing you mentioned of your four priorities, but seems like you guys have done a really nice job managing margins and actually improving margins in relatively low-growth environment. But how do you guys think about incremental leverage and let's just focus on TS, because I think Industrial is a little bit more clear, but how do you think about incremental leverage in TS when we get a recovery? Do you have costs that need to come back proportional to that recovery or would you expect to see kind of outsized incrementals when -- again it may not be till 2026 or whatever, but whenever we do see a volume recovery there?
Heath Mitts: Scott, this is Heath. I'll certainly take that and I appreciate the question. Listen, it's -- we've made a lot of strides in the TS margins. If you go back a few years, we're always talking about target margin of 20% and so forth. We don't -- we're comfortable that we're at that level. Certainly, Q1 was probably is outsized, which is pretty common as you think about our seasonality, because our -- and our China factories are always humming very strong in the first quarter, and you saw that last year as well. So -- but we're confident that we're going to be at our 20% number or better as we -- by quarter as we work our way through the year. So, we're feeling good about automotive element of that. The element of the growth side as we move through this year and obviously position ourselves for next year are also the other components of TS, of the Transportation segment, the commercial transportation business, which as you're aware is a nicely profitable component of our portfolio, has been depressed with heavy truck builds and construction and mining and ag equipment being in the rough part of the cycle. As that returns to growth, that would be where we're going to get a lot more of the leverage from. And we're working our way through it, we're holding our head on that, but that's where we're going to see some of the leverage elements as we work our way into '26, because that lever is up very nicely. From a cost perspective, Transportation segment, particularly automotive and in Europe has been a heavy focus of some of our footprint activities over the last few years. And so, we are getting the benefit of being able to tolerate low or sometimes negative growth environments because we've reduced some of that fixed cost structure, particularly in Western Europe, where we're probably too dependent if you go back over the past five or 10 years. So, that's been a concerted effort and that journey is not quite over, but certainly you see it in the results now where our automotive growth is down 3% year-over-year, yet in aggregate, the Transportation margins are quite solid. So, we feel good about that. Hopefully, that answers your question, Scott.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Scott. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone. Terrence, you folks talked about AI revenues exceeding the $600 million target for the year that you had actually given last quarter. I was just wondering if you could talk about what is driving the strength here. Is it better demand from hyperscalers or silicon companies? And is this more broad-based? Are you seeing more share gains that's helping you? Just anything that can provide some clarity in the levers of the upside you're seeing on that $600 million target would be helpful. And then, Heath, maybe just related to this, as AI ramps, how should we think about the margin profile of AI versus the broader Industrial segment average? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Amit. Appreciate the question. First off being when you look at it, our AI revenue in the quarter doubled already in the quarter. And we did $300 million last year. We told you we're going to be above $600 million. And what is nice, it is a broad group of the hyperscalers. When we think about where we positioned ourselves and it is about how you play in that ecosystem with the other semiconductor players that are in there and the hyperscalers, it isn't just one program, it is pretty broad and it's consistent with what we told you. Now, what is nice the orders keep on layering in. The momentum that we've talked to you about as we started talking about this a year and a half ago continues. Our teams are very focused on the ramp. The ramping of these programs that we have across the customer pace is really a key focus. And I think in many ways upside to the number we talked about will really be driven by how do we execute on the ramps, which is what we like. The other thing, you sort of talk about share, our share has not changed. It sort of stays in that 30%, 35% range and that's at the level of the programs that we're winning. But it also shows how big the opportunity is when you think about the benefit that our industry has from bringing the connectivity to this technology and the major connector companies are going to have the share because of the complex technology requirements that we have. On the margin, it's similar to our cloud margin products that we talked about a few years ago. We are in ramp, so these are early ramps. But margin you're going to see the volume benefit as we move forward and you see it in the IS margin as well as we continue to move it up, feel that we can continue to scale it, and it's going to continue to drive momentum not just this year but into next year.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. I was wondering, Terrence, if you could talk a little bit about some of the levers that you can use if tariffs do get implemented? I think you noted some of the advantages you have around your manufacturing strategy and localization in your prepared remarks. And secondarily, your cash flow has been very strong. We're entering kind of what is at least broadly perceived to be a market that's more favorable for M&A. Would be curious to get your thoughts around, I heard you say bolt-on, but how open is TE to doing larger deals as well? Thank you so much.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Let me take the first part of it and then I'll let Heath take the cash flow piece of it. First off, let's just start with a little bit of a baseline for everybody about our footprint, and I know we've talked about our footprint historically from how we repositioned. Heath even talked about some of the things we've done in Transportation. But the first thing is we've been focused a lot on localization within region. So, our business is not one where you make in one region of the world and that's the manufacturing center you ship to. Our footprint is very much aligned to our customer supply chains and we work very hard to say how do we make sure it's right to supporting our customers in region, and 80% of what we manufacture is in region. So, it is very focused on our customers. And as we do work, we feel we're playing from a good offensive position, but each customer supply chain is very nuanced and we continue to talk to them of how -- no matter what comes out at us from a tariff perspective, they would adapt so that we can leverage what we have or adapt. So, with that as a little bit of an overview, I think the key that you should all think about as we're thinking about it is we've dealt with tariffs already in 2017. It impacted. We had about $300 million of tariff costs that we worked with our customers on whether that be logistical lanes, whether that be moving tooling from a manufacturing perspective, and also in the areas where we couldn't find solutions with our customers or their choice. It was passing along the tariff cost to our customers via price and that playbook that we went through back in 2017 is what we're prepared to do and we've been preparing to do depending what we get hit with, and we don't know what it could be. So, it is important staying close to the customers and we recovered the cost last time through all those options and leveraging our footprint. We think we'll do the same thing this time and we're prepared to. So, Heath with that maybe on the tariff front, why don't you cover the cash flow and M&A topic?
Heath Mitts: Yeah. Wamsi, obviously, our cash flow, we've stacked up a couple of years of record free cash flow as a company, and it's given us a lot of optionality. We have returned a fair amount to our owners through dividends and share repurchases, but we've continued to be active in M&A. We use the term bolt-on really referring -- just as a reminder, referring that we're looking for things that are close to home or close to the areas that we know well versus a platform that may be a new space for us. So, I don't want to confuse bolt-ons with size. Sometimes bolt-ons can come in as a small to midsize company, sometimes those opportunities are much larger. And we're very active right now. We have seen the pipeline increase. We have resourced it. Let's just say, we've enhanced our resources around that in very particular areas where we see fragmentation and opportunities for us to go and acquire things. And it's an active environment. I'd say it's more active over the past six months in terms of discussions and deals coming to market than we had seen prior for a while. So, I think there's some good opportunities out there and you should expect us to be active as we move forward here.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. Terrence, I was wondering if you could just maybe talk a little bit more about the industrial markets, not away from the cloud business, but traditional automation and controls. You've mentioned it sideways stabilization. Is that much different from what you've seen 90 days ago? How encouraged are you that some of these trends can improve as you go through the year in any particular region? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Thanks, Steve, for the question. The stabilization, I would say, is good that we're seeing. I would tell you last time we were together, I would say we're probably a little bit more in the mode of hoping for stabilization, but we were still seeing not as many strong spots in the orders as we would like and also in discussions with our customers. When we sit here, we truly have stabilization in our orders. I also would tell you as we look through a lot of this market goes to our distribution partners, it does look like the inventory elements are more behind us than in front of us and we've all been trying to get our arms around that. And the other thing is what are those inflection points that are upward that we're seeing. I would tell you when you look at our customers in Japan and in China, the larger automation where we serve them directly, I would tell you for the past couple of quarters, you're seeing upward order momentum. So, that is a positive in Asia. I would say, the U.S. customers we have here are probably more sideways, but that's a positive versus where it's been. And our European customers are continuing to show weakness. So, overall it's stable. I think it's not surprising when you think about the geographic mix what we're seeing in different economies and investment levels, but stabilization is a first step. And certainly, when we think about what is needed when you think about productivity, if people do things that are needed around tariffs, about reshoring, these are all areas that we think are positive drivers where we play which is mainly in the discrete. And let's face it, we've been a company that's been investing CapEx and investing ahead and we think other companies are going to have to do it. So, net-net, I think it's more positive than it was, but certainly, it's not a full upward tilt in every region on the order book by any means, it's more sideways globally with unevenness like I talked in the early part. So, Steve, I hope that adds color, but I think that's an area that we can build off of as we move through this year.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Langan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Kosta Tasoulis: Hey, guys. This is Kosta Tasoulis filling in for Colin. I just wanted to double-click on your LVP assumption down negative 1% to 1.5% growth over market, low end of the 4% to 6% range. Can you just double-click on North America, Europe and China?
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thank you for the question. And first off, being as we said on the call, we do expect auto production this year to be down 1 point or 2 points. It was down 3% in the first quarter. And the first quarter, we saw very strong production growth in Asia. We saw Europe was down 10% in auto production. And we saw North America being down a little bit in auto production. So, you see the unevenness in the production. When we think about the 4% to 6% range, we have said we're going to be at the low end of that range. I do want to remind everybody when it comes to Europe, Europe is our highest content per vehicle we have. So, we still believe we can be at the low end of that range. The 4% to 6% growth over market really driven out of Asia. And the other thing is I know the discussion around electric vehicles in the West is one where there's lots of questions, but on the planet, there's going to be about 4 million more electrified vehicles made and 80% of those are going to be in Asia where we have a very strong position. So, we still will benefit from that content increase in Asia as the Western OEMs do their transitions. The other thing I would say, electronification, which we've always talked about and that includes what happens around 48-volt introduction into a vehicle, all the safety features, autonomy features, zonal compute designs that get put in and certainly how software defined architectures occur. All of that creates need for connectivity and certainly we're seeing an acceleration on that. That also gives us confidence to be at the low end of that range. And I mentioned the design win that we had just recently with the large China OEM that sort of shows the level of that content increase. So, this year we do expect the production environment to be weak in Europe. We do expect the EV environment to be weak in Europe. North America slightly down. The growth of vehicle production and then the electrified trends will driven out of Asia where we have a great position.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Kosta. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Will.
William Stein: Hey, thanks. I'd like you to maybe [indiscernible] opportunity a little bit, maybe one level down. We've heard quite a bit about cross licensing technology in this area. I don't think that's new to the connector industry. So, maybe you can confirm that or put it in context and maybe also help us understand the effect on revenue and margins when there's cross licensing of IP going on in that space? Thanks so much.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, sure, Will. A couple of things, when we do have cross-licensing, and you have seen it over time in the telecom and datacom space, so you're right, this is not new, and it's an area that as you have ramps, our customers ask for, hey, I want to make sure I have security of supply, and we have cross-license with competitors over time to really make sure we help the customers with these ramps. So, when you sit there, you have a sharing of share obviously. It is a collaborative, but it's also, let's face it, we have to cross-license each other's technology to really make sure we help the customer get to the solution. And so, I actually view it as something that's about an exciting growth trend, and let's face it, as we cross-license to each other we have to make sure we have partners that can meet the ramps of the volumes that are coming and it's really something that's been very traditional in the interconnect space and the datacom space for a long time.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you for the question. We got some questions recently about the co-packaged opportunity that some of the semiconductor players are participating in. How do you guys think about this AI opportunity? I think you've outlined it as $1 billion, perhaps, in a few years. Clearly, that's accelerating or seems to be accelerating here just given what you guys are forecasting for fiscal '25. But longer-term, how do you think about co-packaged optics and how TE plays in that space? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: First off being while we do play in optics, we don't play in co-packaged optics. That is a capability we do not bring. But even when you get into that, you have connectivity you're going to need that will still be on copper, and let's face it, that is our strength. And when you look at the architectures, you do have customers, how they're going to experience, what happens close to the chip, what happens further away, and over time, it will be a hybrid approach. So, when we think about what we've gone out with the guide that includes that you will have evolution of the architecture and when you get into things like that it just means you're going to have harder problems you have to solve, which typically means that's where engineers do their best work and we get excited as the architecture gets evolved.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Asiya. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Junk with Baird. Your line is open.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Terrence, hoping you could just expand a little bit more on your comment about the opportunity for TEL around data in the car, specifically -- and of course coming out of [SDB] (ph) architectures. You mentioned that major award in China, but maybe if you could just zoom out to the pipeline more broadly, especially in Asia where that trend is ahead of the West and maybe would it be possible to put some guardrails around [CPV] (ph) terms as well as a lot of attention on electrification in terms of incremental content, but maybe this could be an underappreciated driver? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Luke, no, a couple of things. When we've always talked to everybody about content, we've always sort of said as the electrified powertrain moves that plays a big chunk of the content, but there's this other bucket that's electronification that is just as important. And as you said when you think about software-defined, our Asian customers are clearly leading the way here and we continue to see that momentum. And it's an area that we've always been excited about. You're really looking here how do you get data connectivity, Ethernet in a car that really allows all the software definitions as mechanical buttons move and so forth get eliminated, you need to have that software-defined architecture that allows that configuration to occur. And let's face it, there needs to be connections that go into all the modules to make sure this comes to life. And what's been nice is our product set here has continued to grow, it's up to about $600 million this year, which doesn't even include the win, and you can get a feel of what that does already on a content per vehicle. And we only expect that that's going to accelerate. And even when you think about that $1 billion of wins we've got recently from one customer, those wins are accelerating, and it's adding another content lever that supports our 4% to 6%, and it's one of the things that we get excited about and we'll continue to share thoughts about how those wins continue to impact us as that acceleration continues to occur.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. I think we've talked a lot on the major subjects. So maybe, if I can just ask quickly on industrial equipment. I know you've mentioned orders suggest stabilization. Are you seeing any evidence of, like, that orders need to kind of ramp from here, or we kind of just had a level that seems consistent with end demand? And then, similarly on medical, the pretty substantial kind of decline there in the quarter and much different than the last couple that we've been seeing here. So, is that the beginning of something that you're seeing there, or is that kind of a one-time correction and we're kind of back to a normal rate? How do you kind of view that market?
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Joe. Two very different questions. Joe, on industrial equipment, I think what we're seeing is stabilization and we would like to see other regions strengthening more to call it broader on that inflection point like I talked earlier, but I think from a modeling perspective right now, we'll get a little bit of sequential improvement, and then hopefully that accelerates, but I would say have a view of stabilization right now. On the medical, I would say, that's a one-time event. We did expect this. We had some customers that over-inventoried, and across the medical device, we did see them take it down. And then, we think that as we move forward, you're going to see sequential improvement off the first quarter. You shouldn't assume it stays there and we've seen orders already improve book to bill well above 1, but it really was a pocket here in the supply chain that will build sequentially back up as we move through the year. So, thanks for the question, Joe.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi, good morning. So, maybe just building on some of the margin commentary that you've made, you spoke about some of the restructuring charges related to footprint consolidation this year. Maybe talk a little bit about the benefit of that restructuring for margins for 2025 and maybe 2026? Thank you so much.
Heath Mitts: Saree, it's Heath. I'll take that. Well, our footprint journey has been going on for several years now, and a lot of it is the continuation of moving legacy Western or more expensive production areas to lower cost regions. And that has continued, that will continue. You see it currently in our certainly as we can leverage modest to negative growth in our Transportation segment yet ability to expand margins. So, that is a global comment, but certainly most of our restructuring there has been a little bit more focused in Europe as we've moved away from Western Europe and into Eastern Europe and in Morocco. For the Industrial segment though, the Industrial segment is obviously a little bit more fragmented with five different business units within that segment that we report on here. We will see more growth there this year. And to Terrence's point, some of that's obviously driven by the AI activity within our DDN business, but it's also more broad-based across other areas like energy and aerospace and defense, and then modest recoveries and things like our [ECL] (ph) business, which is the old industrial equipment and appliances. So, we are expecting not just top-line support there, but pretty significant margin improvement as we work our way through the year. And we feel good about that. We know we're below where we need to be from an entitlement perspective there at that segment level. Certainly, getting some help from the factory automation side of industrial equipment, which is a nice margin business, will help in that journey, but in the meantime, there's some things that we've done on the cost side and otherwise to mitigate some of this as we start to pull ahead margin wise within that segment. I think when you sit back and we're sitting back at the end of the year, you'll see more margin expansion there than you will anywhere else in the company.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Saree. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one here. I know multiple times in your prepared remarks you mentioned that you expect commercial vehicle to improve during the year and that to drive transportation margins to be better. Can you just sort of highlight what is driving that confidence? What are you seeing in data points to inform that view? I mean, just would help to understand sort of the indications that you're getting there. Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Yeah, Samik. The ICT business, I think we've been pretty public with it. It is a nice margin business and has been for quite a long time. It does cycle. It cycles with heavy truck production. We're well positioned globally there. Sometimes we do feel the impact of certain regions as they go through different parts of their cycle both directions. And so, my comment earlier was really referring to even though there's the top-line and there's a dilutive impact there coming from that part of the segment relative to where it fits in, we've been able to hold our margins okay, but as we start to see growth in that segment -- I'm sorry, in that business unit, the commercial transportation business unit, hopefully towards the end of this fiscal year, but certainly where we see things starting to line up with our customers for 2026, we would expect some outsized margin support there, just given how it weights into that segment. So, we're not spiking the ball now. We're not calling for a recovery in the next quarter or two, but certainly some of the discussions that we're seeing and there is a little bit of a longer view in terms of where things are and particularly with some of the emissions standards change for heavy truck.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, there will be an emissions change in '27 and there will -- there is typically pull-forward of demand before that and that's one of the elements as we look further out in the year and into '26, we would expect that that's when that cycle you'll probably see some benefit from it to Heath's point.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Samik. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Spak with UBS. Please go ahead.
Joe Spak: Thanks so much. Two quick margin questions for me. First, in auto, we know typically the December quarter, companies tend to get some engineering recoveries from the customers. I was wondering if that occurred at all and helped the Transportation margins? If so, by how much? From the old reporting segment, we could surmise that Digital Data Networks is an above-average segment margin business. You talked about how you're investing ahead, the need to invest. I'm just wondering if -- as you sort of continue to see strong AI growth, whether we could actually see a little bit of margin variability from that growth depending on the pace of investment and when business comes on?
Terrence Curtin: Couple of things. We have been investing for these ramps. So, let's take the second part of your question, Joe. On the first part, I'm going to ask you to re-ask it. You broke up a little bit. But on DDN, you've seen where it was in the cloud cycle. We have been investing ahead to make sure we're adding capacity to really handle the ramps we have, doubling businesses does create a lot of execution and investment in the head and we have been doing that. And there will -- program will be lumpy at times and you'll see that in our orders already. So, you will see that impact on our margin in this segment. Can you talk about the Transportation question again? I missed that one around December?
Joe Spak: Yes, sorry. In auto, typically we see in the December quarter sometimes companies get some engineering recoveries from their customers. I was just wondering whether that occurred or helped the margins at all in the quarter?
Terrence Curtin: No, we do not have that. When you look at the first quarter margin, Heath said it well earlier, it is the highest production period of the year, mainly out of Asia. Our plants really crank at that time and that we get the volume benefit from it. And if you look back in many years, our first quarter margin is a little bit hotter than other times of the year and it's really due to Asia, has nothing to do with engineering reimbursement, Joe.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Christopher, you may be on mute.
Sujal Shah: Okay. I think we're having some trouble with Chris' line. So, Chris, we will circle back with you later. But if there's no further questions, I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And if you do have more questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thanks, everyone, and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Everyone, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Fourth Quarter and Final Year Fiscal 2024. At this time all lines are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. You may now begin.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full year 2024 results and outlook for our first quarter of fiscal 2025. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. As you know, in September, we announced a reorganization into a 2-segment structure effective with the start of fiscal 2025. Our Transportation Solutions and now a larger Industrial Solutions segment, which adds the two businesses from Communications. Our Data and Devices business moves into the Industrial segment and is renamed Digital Data Networks. Our Appliances business will be combined with Industrial Equipment, and the new business is named Automation and Connected Living. As we talk about our results today, they will be discussed in the old 3-segment structure, and we will begin reporting our financial results in the new structure beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, with an 8-K of recast financial information being issued before the end of our fiscal first quarter. [Operator Instructions] Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal. And as always, we appreciate everyone joining us today. And before I get into the slides, let me just make some comments for our fourth quarter, I am pleased that we delivered revenue and adjusted earnings per share that was ahead of our guidance driven by continued solid execution across the segments. Our teams delivered consistently in 2024 on the operational levers to drive margin improvement, along with strong cash flow generation, which was our key focus that we discussed with you all throughout this year. We delivered strong margin expansion and double-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share in what continues to be a dynamic market backdrop. When we look at our results for fiscal 2024, we delivered record operating margins, earnings per share and free cash flow. And I guess a few things to highlight building on this. We generated over 200 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion and double-digit earnings growth year-over-year against a flattish volume environment. We also continue to demonstrate the strategic positioning of our portfolio and alignment to secular trends as we benefit from the electrification and increased data connectivity adoption within the vehicle, growth in renewable energy and aerospace and defense markets, and accelerated momentum in artificial intelligence applications. And the content outperformance that we saw in these markets were offset by the softness we saw in the broader industrial markets. And lastly, we demonstrated the strength of our cash generation model with free cash flow of approximately $2.8 billion and disciplined capital deployment that included a strong return to shareholders. I'm also pleased today to announce that our Board authorized a $2.5 billion increase to our share repurchase program that reinforces our value creation model. Now let me share some of the market trends and what we're seeing versus our earnings call that we did 90 days ago. We do continue to have some markets that are accelerating, some that are stable and some that are weak that are still trying to gain some traction, and let me highlight them by our segments. In our Transportation segment, global auto production was essentially flat in fiscal 2024 with growth in Asia being offset by declines in production by Western OEMs. As we look forward, we expect a slight decline in global auto production in fiscal 2025. We do expect continued growth in hybrid and electric vehicle production with over 70% of that production occurring in Asia, which is our largest revenue region in auto and where we're extremely well positioned. We also expect further electronification in the vehicle, which will benefit across all powertrains and will continue to drive content growth for us. In the commercial transportation markets, we continue to see end market decline with some potential improvement in the cycle later in 2025. In our Industrial segment, we continue to see strong growth in the aerospace and defense and energy markets, coupled with ongoing weakness in factory automation, and that's particularly weak in Europe. In the Communications segment, growth trends that we've been talking about are continuing. In cloud data centre, we see momentum accelerating in artificial intelligence across our broad customer base. We had $300 million of sales for AI applications in fiscal 2024, which is higher than our expectations, and we expect these sales will double in fiscal 2025. We are set up for strong performance in fiscal '25, which will build upon the momentum we established in '24. While we're continuing to work through sluggish industrial end markets, we do expect them to return to growth in 2025. We also are continuing to invest in our engineering skills, technology and operations capacity to support the growth. Key examples of some of the larger investments we are making are the further expansion of our Asian operations to spark the ongoing growth in EV in that region as well as our continued investment to expand our engineering and capacity to support the ramps of design wins that we have in AI. With these investments and what we see in our end markets, we do expect an acceleration of growth as we move through this coming year. Finally, I want to reiterate that our long-term value creation model is centered around having a portfolio aligned to secular growth trends, operational levers to drive further margin expansion and a strong cash generation model to return capital to shareholders while investing in bolt-on M&A opportunities. Executing on these pillars will enable sales growth, margin and EPS expansion and strong cash generation in fiscal 2025 and beyond. So, with that as an overview, let me get into the presentation starting with Slide 3. And I'll jump into some additional highlights and our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal '25, and then Heath will jump into more details in his section. Our fourth quarter sales were $4.1 billion, which was above our guidance and up 2% organically year-over-year. The upside versus our expectations was driven by the Communications segment with higher sales from artificial intelligence applications. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.95 was ahead of our guidance on a quarterly record and was up 10% versus the prior year. Our adjusted operating margins were 18.6%, and they were up 130 basis points over last year. Our free cash flow generation was very strong and was approximately $830 million in the fourth quarter. Now let me turn to the full year results that you see on the slide. Full year sales were $15.8 billion with organic growth in Communications and Transportation segments offset by weakness in our Industrial Equipment end markets and headwinds from a stronger dollar. Adjusted earnings per share was $7.56 and was up 12% versus the prior year. And please keep in mind that this included $0.39 of currency exchange and tax headwinds. Adjusted operating margins were 18.9% for the full year, and they expanded 220 basis points over '23. The high quality of our earnings continues to be reflected in our cash generation model, and I'm pleased with our record free cash flow of approximately $2.8 billion in 2024. Now as we look forward to the first quarter of '25, we are expecting our sales to be $3.9 billion, up 2% year-over-year, and it reflects the typical seasonality in our business. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be around $1.88, and this includes a $0.04 tax rate headwind versus the prior year. Now if you could please turn to Slide 4. Let me make some comments on the order trends that are highlighted there. Our orders were over $3.8 billion, reflecting typical seasonality, ongoing momentum in AI programs and continued weakness in general industrial end markets. By region, our order patterns reflect strength in Asia with weakness in the West. In Transportation, sequential order patterns reflect stability in global auto production, along with ongoing market declines in commercial transport. In auto, orders continue to reflect growth in Asia with weakness in Western markets. In the Industrial segment, we continue to see softness across factory automation and building automation, particularly in Europe. And in our Communications segment, our order levels came in as we expected and they increased nearly 40% year-over-year, in addition to the strong order growth we had last quarter. This supports the strong growth we're expecting in fiscal 2025 from artificial intelligence programs. And the trends and the innovation that are happening in these applications is an exciting growth opportunity for both TE and our industry. Now with that as a backdrop about orders, let me get into the segment results, and I'll start with our Transportation segment that is on Slide 5. Highlighting our ability to generate growth over market, our auto business declined 1% organically against a global auto production decline of 5% in the fourth quarter. The 400 basis points of outperformance versus production was driven by double-digit organic growth in Asia, offset by mid-single-digit declines in the West. And quite frankly, this continued the trends that we've been seeing by region all year. As everybody knows, automotive production and car sales dynamics are very different by different regions in the world. We do continue to expect content growth to be in the four to six point range long-term. This is supported by data connectivity and further electronification benefit across all powertrains, our leading global position in hybrid and electric vehicles and our strong position in Asia. I do want to emphasize that -- and remind everyone that over 70% of EV and HEV production occurs in Asia, where we are very well positioned, and we expect the adoption of EVs and HEVs in Asia to continue the pace they've been at. Our differentiated position is proven by the fact that we grew sales in mid-teens in Asia this year in an environment where regional production was only up mid-single digits. Turning to the Commercial Transportation business. We did see a 4% organic decline, and this was primarily driven by weakness in Europe. We do expect this business to be a down again sequentially in the first quarter with potential improvement in the cycle as we move throughout the year. In our Sensors business, the sales decline continued to be driven by market weakness in industrial applications as well as portfolio optimization efforts that we've talked to you about. We do expect these exits that we've talked about to be completed in 2025. For the Transportation segment, adjusted operating margins were 19.3% in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we delivered 20% adjusted operating margins, and these were up 300 basis points year-over-year driven by strong operational performance. And we expect our first quarter margins to be similar to the fiscal year '24 levels. So, please turn to Slide 6, and let me get into the Industrial Solutions segments. As you can see on the slide, our AD&M sales were up 14% organically, driven by growth in the commercial aerospace and defense markets. In both of these markets, we continue to see favorable demand trends as well as ongoing supply chain recovery. In our Energy business, sales were up 14% organically, driven by strength in the Americas and in Europe. We continue to benefit from momentum in renewables as well as investments that are being made to support increased power generation needs. Our Medical business declined slightly in the quarter and the Industrial Equipment business declined 20% organically. For the full year, we saw growth in the Aerospace and Defense, Energy and Medical businesses. On the margin front, Industrial segment margins were 15.6%, and this was in line with our expectations given the current volume levels and business mix. So, let me wrap up the segment discussion with the Communications segment, and this is on Slide 7. Our Data & Devices business grew 35% organically, and our design wins are reflecting accelerating momentum. Our AI revenue came in at $300 million in fiscal 2024, and we expect sales from AI applications to double from this level in fiscal 2025 from design wins across a broad base of customers. Our Appliances business grew double digits again, the second quarter in a row and this was really driven by strength that we saw both in the Americas as well as in Asia. The segment had adjusted operating margins of 21.7%, and this was aligned with our expectations. Margins did show a significant improvement over last year, and that was driven by strong operating leverage on the higher volume that we had on the segment. So, with that summary, let me turn it over to Heath, who will get into more details on the financials as well as our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the details of our financials, I want to reiterate something that Terrence said earlier. We are dealing with a dynamic market environment. So, our focus this past year has been on improving margins and earnings. I am pleased that we delivered record margin, EPS and free cash flow in fiscal '24. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was $755 million with an adjusted operating margin of 18.6%. GAAP operating income was $651 million and included $5 million of acquisition-related charges and $99 million of restructuring and other charges. For the full year, restructuring charges were $144 million, reflecting continuing footprint optimization efforts, and I expect restructuring charges in fiscal '25 to be at or below the $100 million level. Adjusted EPS was $1.95 and GAAP EPS was $0.90 for the quarter and included a tax charge of $0.78 related to the increase in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. Additionally, we had restructuring and acquisition and other charges of $0.26. For the fourth quarter and for the full year, the adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 22%, which was as we expected. As we move into fiscal '25, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate in Q1 to be approximately 23% with the full year 2025 being in the 23% to 24% range. The increase versus the prior year is primarily related to the impact of the Pillar two global minimum tax implementation. Importantly, our fiscal '24 cash tax rate was in the mid-teens, significantly below our adjusted effective tax rate. And you can continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay in the mid-teens longer term. Now turning to Slide 9 for additional information on full year performance. Fiscal '24 sales of $15.8 billion were flat on an organic basis, we did have organic growth in the Communications and Transportation segments, which was offset by the Industrial segment. Adjusted operating margins were 18.9% for the full year with margin expansion of 220 basis points year-over-year driven by strong operational performance. At the segment level, we expanded margins by 300 basis points in Transportation and nearly 400 basis points in Communications, resulting in a roughly 20% adjusted operating margins for both segments in 2024. Adjusted earnings per share were $7.56, up 12% year-over-year, driven by margin expansion and included headwinds of $0.39 from currency exchange and a higher tax rate. And given the flattish market environment, double-digit EPS growth in this environment is something I'm very proud of. Turning to cash. As you may recall, we generated record free cash flow of approximately $2.4 billion in our fiscal '23. And I'm pleased to share we exceeded this by $400 million to a new record of $2.8 billion in fiscal '24, which was up 17% year-over-year. Our free cash flow reflects 120% conversion to adjusted net income and was in the high teens as a percentage of sales, demonstrating the high quality of our earnings. And as we look forward, we expect free cash flow conversion to remain above 100%. In fiscal '24, we returned roughly $2.8 billion to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, and we deployed approximately $340 million, aligned with our bolt-on acquisition strategy. Our cash generation and healthy balance sheet gives us more optionality with uses of capital. We will continue to have a strong return of capital to shareholders, and as you saw today, we announced an additional $2.5 billion repurchase authorization, which supports our optionality. We will also look to pursue more bolt-on acquisition opportunities at attractive valuations. And we are seeing a more favorable deal environment than we have seen in the past few years, so I'm a bit more bullish on our inorganic opportunities. Before we turn over to questions, let me reinforce that we expect to build upon our performance in '24 to deliver even stronger financial performance in 2025. We are expecting a return to growth this fiscal year, and our investments in markets with secular trends are expected to accelerate as we move through the year. In addition, we expect to deliver margin and EPS expansion along with strong free cash flow generation. Now with that, let's open it up to questions.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Heath. Eli, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Amit Daryanani from ISI Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Terrence, I'm hoping you can just perhaps expand more on the AI opportunity that you see unfolding going forward. There's been a lot of discussion around what's happening and some of the shifts here. So, would love to hear your perspective. What sort of customer diversity do you both have here? And some of the recent architectural changes that we're seeing has any impact to TE? And perhaps you can leave into this discussion, how should we think about this billion-dollar AI opportunity talked about longer term? Is that getting bigger or perhaps going to happen sooner?
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Amit. And obviously, you heard us talk about this for a number of quarters, and it's a great trend which also demands really excellent engineering and tough engineering problems we solve. It's about higher speed that all of our cloud customers need with lower latency as well, at the same time, really helping solve the power efficiency that's needed with what we provide from our product. So, it is something that we like, that engineering stickiness. I do think when you look at the trend, let's face at the baseline when we look at the growth is the design wins, we have as well as where cloud CapEx spending is going. And you can see from their reports, that just continues to increase and is expected to be up 20% again. And that's really what's really funding these programs and the designs that we're working on with our customers, and our position really built on what we did from our cloud penetration from them that we talked about a few years ago. So, when we look at the momentum, to get to the momentum that you talk about, let's face it, a few quarters back, we started with $200 million and we said $250 million. Now we ended the year at $300 million. So, we do continue to see increased momentum, things pulling in more than actually getting pushed out. And let's face it, our customers really are just asking for everything to be accelerated. And you see that in the order patterns that we had last quarter, where our orders were up almost 100% in our Communications segment and then this quarter being up 40%. So, we did talk about today in the prepared comments, we do still expect doubling of our $300 million to the $600 million next year. So, the momentum feels really good. And the $1 billion that we talked about, if anything, I think it's slides to the left more than it's going to slide to the right, it's going to be closer in on us as we continue to execute on these programs. The one thing that I guess I didn't talk about when it comes to who our customers are, they are the hyperscalers, they are the semi companies. It's pretty broad-based similar to like we had in the cloud. And the other thing that's just as important is how you play in the ecosystem to the other people that actually have to make the architecture come to life, the other players that make acceleration chips and other silicon solutions that are very important as well. So, we do have engagement across that. And I do think it's not concentrated on one customer, it's really across the ecosystem. And that's what I'm really proud of what the team has done. So, I think you're going to continue to see our revenue increase in this area. We've been investing, as I said in the prepared comments, around engineering skills to make sure we have the capacity to really support these ramps. And it's going to probably be the biggest growth driver for us. And next year, as you look at '25 clearly with what we've laid out for you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. Terrence, I was hoping maybe you could unpack your comment on the content outgrowth in Asia. That sounded closer to 10 points of outgrowth. I was wondering, how much of that is coming from EV mix versus increased electronification in that region? And do you see those trends sustaining in fiscal '25 as well?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. A couple of things. I think what's important is, first off, being -- when we sit here today and you think about Asia, Asia is very much -- it's our largest revenue region. It's also where the vast majority of the EVs are made. And if you look at just last year, Wamsi, there were four million more electric vehicles made last year. They were all made in Asia, while the West was sideways and slightly down from a production perspective. And when you look at overall Asia car production, it was up mid-single digits. Our revenue was up mid-double digit. So, really nice content outperformance. Certainly, it's the EV momentum. It is also data in the vehicles. A Chinese vehicle as well as any Asian vehicle, you look at the software that's getting put into them, that needs more data connectivity in the car as well as the architecture continue to evolve. So, the outperformance is both EV as well as everything we get from a content across all powertrains. And we do expect that you're going to continue to see EV production growth probably similar in the units that we had this year, around four million units. That's going to be mainly driven by Asia, and we feel very well positioned for that.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Question comes from Steven Fox of Fox Advisors. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning everyone. I was wondering if you could help us maybe reset a little bit on the new segments that you're switching to this year in terms of just how to think about growth by the two segments, maybe margin expansion and how it maybe compares on a pro forma basis to what you just reported?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. A couple of things. We will, as Sujal said in his premade remarks, we're going to give you all data through an 8-K later in the quarter, Steve. So, when you sit there and when you think about the growth, it's really combining the IS and the CS segment today together. And I think that will be a good baseline until we get that out. I do think when you look back at this year, you see a couple of things. The growth this year, places like AD&M, Energy and what we saw in the Communications segment, that growth is just going to continue as we go into next year. Auto, we're going to -- we feel good with the 4% to 6% outperformance over production. Even though auto production will be slightly down, we do think we can drive that. And I think the real question as we look ahead is going to be some of the areas where we've seen softness, whether it be Industrial Equipment, Commercial Transportation and also in our Sensors business, just where the industrial markets have been weak and have been impacting us. When does that relieve as we go in there and, yes, that becomes a lesser of a headwind as we go into '25. We do think that will happen through the year. We do expect growth to improve through the year. But that's how you should be thinking about '25 growth. And Heath, I don't know if you want to comment on the margin side?
Heath Mitts: Sure. Steve, as both Sujal and Terrence have commented, we will put out some pro forma backward looking here later in the quarter so you can update your modelling. But I'd say from -- there's not much change in Transportation at all. So, we kind of know what that stands. And then as you add the other two segments together, you can probably get pretty close doing your own math in terms of that. But it's fair to say that the new Industrial segment would have finished 2024 in the high teens and Transportation in our 20% range. As we look forward, Transportation is unchanged with the growth opportunities that Terrence just outlined and some of the investments that we're making. We feel comfortable with where we are with Transportation as we move into '25 with Transportation being a 20% or better as we move through the year. And then the biggest move opportunity for us is in the Industrial segment, and we'll see improvement there in the new Industrial segment in '25 versus '24 on the margin front, but moving them closer to 20% at the segment level for the total company to be at 20% is the goal over the midterm. So, we're working that and feel good about where we're going to go. The biggest move that you'll see is going to be in Industrial in FY '25.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis of Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys. Terrence. Congrats on managing through a tough year as margins. Terrence, I wanted just to turn to Industrial a little bit, factory automation side. Is there any visibility on when that business stabilizes? It seems to be kind of your toughest one right now. And if we get a snapback on that in '25, that would be pretty helpful.
Terrence Curtin: No. Thanks, Scott, for the question. And it's an area that, in many ways, we would have thought -- and as we commented, we would have expected a little bit of recovery this year. I would say the areas where we really see the weakness, just to make sure you hear where we're seeing it, it is in the factory -- discrete factory automation space, where we have a very nice position. It's also been around building automation. And the one thing I would say where -- while it feels it's bouncing around the bottom, I do want to make sure that that's clear. We do feel it's bouncing around the bottom. Europe got a little weaker. I would say Americas is stable. And we have seen in Asia a slight improvement. So, I do think we're dealing with some regional mixes as well, Scott. I do feel there is -- with some of our customers, they are still working off a little bit of inventory of what they have. So, there is a little bit of destocking in there. I do think we're probably going to have to get out into our calendar '25 until we see that improvement. But right now, it's sort of bounced around the bottom and it has been a big headwind this year. It's absorbed some of the growth we had in other areas. And we do think with the trends out there, it will improve, but I think we still need a little bit more time.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Scott. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. .
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my question, you spoke about the success the company is having with content growth and the four to six points of outgrowth is something you think you can sustain. But as you think about auto content growth over the longer term, I'm hoping you may be able to share thoughts on the announcement from Tesla earlier this week around the plan to look to simplify their low voltage connector architecture and any implications for your company.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Mark. And we don't comment on individual customers because we play with everyone, but I would just tell you, an announcement like that gets us excited because we do work with every car company in the world. And when you go into messing with the architecture and evolving the architecture, there are real challenges to that. And that can be whether it's you're trying to go and say, how do I go from 12-volt to 48-volt, how do I go from distributed compute to zonal compute or central compute. And these are things that have nothing to do with an electric vehicle. They are architecture changes that happen across all powertrains. And in each one of those you may be going, also trying to solve on how do you improve assembly efficiency, which certainly Tesla always does a great job on. So, in these cases, typically the interconnects get more complicated because you're combining things together. They typically get more miniaturized, especially when you're going from 12 to 48 volt, you're using thinner wires, which also create challenges in the assembly process. And what occurs as you get to these more complex problems and engineering problems, it typically increases the content for us. And that's when we use the word electronification versus electrification. As you have any change where you're trying to hang more electronics on an architecture in a car, you're trying to basically improve that, that creates content opportunity for us. And even when we talk about the four to 6, we have to realize, electronification is just as important as electrification of the powertrain and that happens across everything. So, those types of changes we're excited about. And we're fortunate that we can work with every car company in the world as they work on these next-gen architectures.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning, Heath. You talked a little bit about capital allocation. I was noting the $2.5 billion repurchase. I think it's a little bigger than normal. So, I just wanted to go back to that discussion. Does that suggest any adaptations for your capital strategy?
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Chris, and I appreciate the follow-up question on this. No, I think when we sat with our Board and went through it, part of this announcement was taking into consideration the amount of cash flow that we've been generating as a company and where we need to be positioned to give us options. And we've used the word optionality a couple of times today and that seems to be the word that's resonating with us in terms of -- we do have a stronger M&A pipeline in front of us, but we've got to do deals that make sense for our owners and valuations and value creation opportunities. Having said that, we still have an ample excess cash flow and we have no intention of piling up on our balance sheet here. So, we never have and that's not our strategy. So, it gives us an opportunity to deploy capital via share buyback to our owners in addition to what we do with the dividend which will increase as our earnings and cash flow increases. So, it's just another mechanism. I suspect it will take us out over the next couple of years in terms of that authorization. But no change in that, just maybe a little bit more bullishness about our ability to continue to generate cash flow, utilize our balance sheet and stay balanced with what we're doing.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Luke Junk from Baird. Your line is now open.
Luke Junk: Great, thank you. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question, Terrence, it would be great to get your updated perspective on TE's automotive positioning in China. Specifically you've talked a lot about Asia this morning. But I want to zoom in on China and just some of the key achievements underpinning what's been seemingly a very strong year overall there. I guess I'm thinking about your positioning with current customers, turning on new customers maybe and especially leverage to locals and just what that might mean as we move into next year. And then simultaneously from a competitive standpoint, are you seeing any changes there, especially any local players making incremental incursions into the market in China?
Terrence Curtin: No, fair. Thanks, Luke. And first off, you have to assume, when we talk about Asia, China plays a very big part in that. About half of Asia's vehicles are made in China. So, when you think about the world and we always talk about global auto production, while there's 87 million cars made in the world, 50 million of those are made in Asia. And of those 50 million, half of those are in China. And China is a very important position for us. And about $2 billion of our automotive revenue is China alone. And with that type of weighting, the trends that we talk about, relate about the growth outperformance I mentioned on Asia, you can assume the same type of growth outperformance in China. And one of the things that I think has always been a strength of ours is because we play with every OEM, not just multinationals, we would not be able to drive this content outperformance if we weren't with the local OEMs. It's not a secret. Multinationals are losing share in China and it's inverted. So, where you used to have multinationals have 2/3 of the share and local Chinese OEMs have 1/3. Today it's 2/3 Chinese OEMs, 1/3 multinationals and the growth that we've had just sort of proves that we are winning with the locals and winning with everybody. And our market share is similar between the two. It's something that I think our team has done a great job and something we've invested heavily in. And we're actually -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're actually opening our sixth automotive factory in China to support the growth that we have. So, we're continuing to expand with our local resources, local engineers, local capacity. Because that is served locally, which is very important. Competitively, we still have primarily Western competitors here. It is the other companies that you cover as well as Japanese competitors play there. And there are some traditional Chinese competitors that we've competed against for some time, that they are not new competitors. But there are also competitors that quality, cost and everything, that is important, we have to make sure we're winning with -- against them as well. So, I feel good about our position. It is going to be something as we look at '25, we expect Asia is going to be the driver of volume production on the world. It's going to be the driver EV. And our content outperformance that we saw in the second half, of these 5 points of outperformance we had in the second half, our content outperformance will be driven by Asia. And then we hope the Western trends pick up and that can also help us as well. But really, the Asia position is very important.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I know you're going to some new segments. But just given the strong growth expected in Communication for 2025, are you still looking for 25% to 30% incremental margin on that growth specifically? Are there additional investments needed that we should think about?
Heath Mitts: Sure. I'll take that. As you would expect with the type of growth that we're seeing, there are investments that we are making in that space both on the capital front to increase capacity for production to handle that type of uplift as well as engineering investments that we're making. Now those have been underway and some of those are already embedded in our run rate for our 2024. So, I'm not here to suggest that it's going to be a massive uptick as we go into '25 because some of these programs have been underway for a while. But as we move forward, you should expect us to continue to. From a -- at the segment level, from an incremental flow-through perspective, which I think you were asking, we need to dial that in a little tighter. And we can give you a little more color when we come back out in the January time frame, which will be when we first report on the new segments. But having said that, I think 30% is probably a decent number. But that's not just coming from this AI side. That's also coming from some cost actions and other things that we're doing in the rest of that segment. So, I think you can be dialed in somewhere in that ballpark, and we'll tighten it up for you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Saree. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Spak of UBS. Your line is now open.
Joseph Spak: Thanks. Heath, you converted over 100% of free cash flow this year. I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit of color on CapEx plans for next year and whether free cash flow conversion could be similar. And then just to follow up on the earlier question, like if that M&A pipeline doesn't materialize, should we still expect about 100% of free cash flow to be distributed via dividends and the new buyback?
Heath Mitts: Joe, a couple of things there. First, I think -- and I know we may sound like a broken record, but from a modeling perspective, I would still assume roughly 5% revenue towards CapEx as a modeling. We came a little under that this year, but there's always timing elements and things. I do expect our CapEx in '25 versus '24 to probably be about $100 million higher. Most all of that is to support the AI program growth and some of the capacity we need to bring online from that. So, if you're looking to dial in your model, it kind of feels like it's in that ballpark. And we'll continue to update you, but nothing outsized relative to that from a CapEx perspective. From a conversion perspective, we certainly have benefited from the fact that -- from a cash conversion perspective that we've been able to manage working capital in a manner that you would expect in a flat growth environment. And when you're in a flat growth environment and the number of widgets that we're making is largely flat, we can go after things like inventory pretty aggressively. The other thing that's worked in our favor is we've been able to, as the world is finally from a supply chain perspective recovered more coming out of the COVID swings over the past four or 5 years, one of the things we're able to do is just plan a little bit better and have more trust in our suppliers as well as the order patterns from our customers as we sit in the middle of everything. Now as we move into '25, we are expecting to grow, and we are expecting our volumes to be up in '25. And so that will have a natural impact of putting a little bit of pressure on working capital, both on receivables as well as on inventory. So, I think that math would tell you that I don't -- we're not going to be at 120% again. But I still feel confident that we're going to be over 100%. And we'll continue to update as that moves forward. But I appreciate the question and stay tuned.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Giordano from TD Cowen. Your line is now open.
Joseph Giordano: Hey, guys. Good morning. I appreciate that this is kind of happening in real time, but you're getting a lot of announcements in Germany about workers at auto facilities joining nationwide strikes. And so when you think about your auto guidance and specifically how you're dialing in the next quarter, how do you feel that kind of situation is handicapped?
Terrence Curtin: Well, when we guide, Joe, everything we know is in our guidance. And certainly, we have customers in many of our business units that are going through unique things. And we do -- one thing when we think about the first quarter, we do expect global auto production to be down similar to what it was in fourth quarter year-on-year. So, I do think we are going to be seeing -- in the West, you're going to have that weakness at some of the things you've talked about. But Asia is going to be the real driver of growth and then in the production as we look at next year. So, next year, we do expect overall global production to be down slightly. And certainly, the decline in auto production, the mid-single digits we talked in quarter 1, Europe is going to be a big chunk of that.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Next question comes from Colin Langan from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Konstandinos Tasoulis: Hey guys, this is Kosta Tasoulis filling in for Colin. I just wanted to place more focus on the commercial vehicle market. Can you just offer some color on how the business will impact your Transportation segment margins and full year '25?
Terrence Curtin: Well, first off, let me talk about the market a little bit and then I'll let Heath talk about the margins. When you look out there, impact of financing rates, certainly a little bit of inventory, you do sort of see globally heavy truck market, which also includes in our world ag and construction has weakened. And we've experienced that. What's been nice is that our team has grown probably 200 basis points better than the decline. So, I think as we work through this cycle, which these are common here, we will get some outperformance as we're in a negative environment. And there are some things that are in '26 that on the emissions front in certain parts of the world that we do think could spark demand and improve later next year. But Heath, why don't you talk about the margin side of it?
Heath Mitts: Well, it's a good question because sometimes the mix within the segment can impact the Transportation segment margins there, and we've been pretty public that our Commercial Transportation business is a very profitable business for TE and for that segment obviously. Now, the softness that we're seeing does put pressure on the margins. However, it put pressure on the margins in 2024 as well. So, it's kind of in our run rate. As we move into '25, while we do expect things to improve as we work our way through the year from a market and demand perspective, we are not -- our assumptions on Transportation margins and holding their head at 20% or better are not contingent upon our Commercial Transportation business seeing some big uptick. So, our Auto business has performed very well and has been able to handle the headwinds that's come out of other parts of the segment.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Kosta. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Victor Santiago : Good morning, this is Victor on for Matt Sheerin. I was hoping to get some color on your Data & Devices business ex the AI opportunity. How is that recovery for traditional datacom applications been tracking? And how do you view the business going into 2025?
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Let me get into that. And we do talk a lot about AI. First off, we're seeing -- when you take outside of AI, and it is always difficult to try to parse between AI and true cloud. But as we parse it, we do actually see the cloud element returning to growth. We do see that being probably a mid-single-digit growth next year after we had a shift that really went from up to AI dollars versus nothing being invested elsewhere. So, it's nice to actually see that we do see more cloud programs coming back up. Enterprise continues to be sideways. This is the way I would look at it as we look at next year. And then we don't play largely in telecom networks. But I do think it's nice to see the cloud recovering spend that's outside of AI going into next year.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Victor. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein from Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. I'm hoping, hey, I'm hoping you can comment on two things, first, the sequential decline in comms orders despite the strong results and the comments about growth next year. Perhaps this is just anticipated lumpiness, but it's been a little bit surprising to investors this morning, I think. And then also, if you could elaborate on the product exits that you mentioned. I think in the slides, you talked about this in Sensors, but maybe just give us a little more color.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, sure, Will. So, first off, on the sequential decline in orders in D&D, I think you have to realize, our orders grew 100% last quarter, 40% this quarter year-on-year. And you nailed it. Well, they're going to be lumpy based upon when the programs are in, based upon when we get to agreements with our customers. And so I think you're going to continue to see that lumpiness. I think the real punchline to keep in front of you is collectively in D&D, we had $1 billion of orders in the past two quarters combined. So, that's very strong. And I would really be careful in taking one quarter versus another, what's accumulative. And what we're seeing really supports that guidance we gave you in the doubling of our AI revenue and even the cloud trends I just talked about, the non-AI cloud trends. In Sensors -- let me switch to the second question you had. In Sensors, we've been talking about pruning we've been doing to be focused and make sure we get to basically four markets that are important to us as we reposition ourselves in Sensors. It was automotive, it was heavy vehicle, it was medical and factory automation. And they're the areas that we really challenged ourselves a few years back to say, look, it's in our way to winning in those four markets. And we've been doing 80/20 work, that has been exits. This coming year coming up, it will be about $50 million of exits that we're doing to really end this program. And you can put that in as a headwind for next year, but 2025, they'll be done.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Will. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Shreyas Patil from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Shreyas Patil: Hey, thanks so much for taking my question. Heath, you mentioned a little earlier that the goal is to get to 20% operating margins. Wondering if you can expand on that a little bit. It would appear that the underlying margin is probably pretty close to that level if we were to adjust out some of the cyclical challenges in Industrial and Commercial. But just curious on your thoughts. And then on AI, just how to interpret the revenue guidance of around $600 million for next year with what appears to be two straight quarters where orders are probably close to somewhere around $400 million to $500 million per quarter.
Heath Mitts: Yes. I'll take the margin question. We haven't gone out with formal margin guidance in terms of that. But what I was trying to do was provide a little color earlier that if you think about the new segment structure, our Transportation margins are already at 20% and will continue running at that. There's always a little bit of quarter volatility either direction on that side of 20%. But we feel good about where we are, particularly in light of the softness in the commercial transportation market which is a bit of a headwind on that front. As we think about the new Industrial segment, which combines our traditional Communications and Industrial segments together, it's a blended rate now that's going to be somewhere in the high teens. It does provide us with that opportunity. And given both some of the opportunities on the growth side as well as some cost things that we've done to get that segment over -- the next couple of years up over to 20%, which in total, for TE, would obviously put us at 20%. So, my comments were not intended to be entirely a 2025 versus '24. It was meant to be where we see this thing going and getting more comfort around. This year, we ended up close to 19%. We see over the next couple of years to get closer to that 20%. But volume is going to help in that formula as well. And then Terrence, do you want to...
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Shreyas, just one thing, just to clarify, the orders we talk about of this $1 billion, while the increases are driven by AI, there are the other parts of the business in non-cloud AI enterprise. So, all I would say is I do think the momentum that we have is there to support it. It's just there is a difference between that order level versus the AI only doubling. So, I do just think as you put those together, as you get into '25 and '26.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Shreyas. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Comes from Guy Hardwick from Freedom Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Guy Hardwick: Hi, good morning. Good morning. Hi gentlemen. I appreciate the guidance you gave for Transportation. I think you said it will be -- for Q1 it will be equivalent to FY '24 level. So, that's kind of around 20%, but not equivalent too much. But in Q4, the Transportation margin was a little bit below consensus expectations, and I understand it's due to investment. But given you're at 20% now, it begs the question, how much high can it go given that's kind of close to peak levels. But you are talking about 30% incrementals. So, what's the kind of -- I know you don't want to give specific guidance for next year yet, but what are the kind of dynamics for the margin for Transportation for next year, given maybe a back-end recovery in Commercial Transportation, the Sensors business getting through the restructuring and exits and then what you said about outlook for production and mix? Heath Mitts CFO, Executive VP & Executive Director Well, Guy, I think you nailed all the various moving parts there. I'm not worried about the 19.3% and change that we did in the fourth quarter. We've also had quarters where we were 21%, right? So, in a given quarter, there can be noise. It could be mix. In this quarter, we did have some heightened investments and some timing of things that we maybe thought would have layered in over a couple of quarters. So, these things happen. I don't get hung up on one quarter particularly with the foresight that we have looking into not just our Q1 but our FY '25 for that segment. In terms of moving past that 20%, the incrementals would suggest that the natural growth in that business would drive to that. Now we have not seen a ton of volume growth because we're -- the market out growth we've had in Auto and so forth has been offset by pressures that we've seen on the top line in both Commercial Transportation and Sensors. Now we do expect both of those -- Sensors won't necessarily return to growth because the product exits in FY '25. But we do expect the Sensors -- the Commercial Transportation business to continue to improve as we move through the year, albeit we're not calling it right now in terms of a time frame for when that could happen, and it's probably in the second half of the year. When that business returns to growth in conjunction with the strong Auto business, I do think you'll see some support there on the incrementals, but we're not ready to call that or put a number out there. And we feel good about where we've been able to hold our head right now.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Guy. If there's no further questions, I just want to thank everybody for joining our call this morning. If you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thanks, everyone, and have a great day.
Operator: Today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today, October 30, on the Investor Relations portion of the TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude the conference for today.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Everyone, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Third Quarter Results Call for Fiscal Year 2024. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah : Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter 2024 results and outlook for our fourth quarter. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will be using certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, during the Q&A portion of today's call, due to the number of participants, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question, and you may rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin : Thank you, Sujal. And I also appreciate everybody joining us today for the call. As I'd like to do before we get into the slides and the details, I do want to take a moment to provide some performance highlights, along with what we're seeing versus our call just 90 days ago. As we've shared in our calls throughout this year, we continued to be in a dynamic global economic environment. I just want to take a few minutes of explaining what that means when you think about where TE is positioned. First off, in our largest market Automotive, we're seeing stability on a global basis. In our Industrial Solutions segment, we continue to see growth in three out of our core businesses, and those businesses are focused on aerospace and defense, energy, as well as medical applications. In our Communications segment, like we talked last quarter, we have returned to growth, and we are benefiting from acceleration in Artificial Intelligence applications. Now, against these growth areas, we are still being offset by ongoing weakness in just the general industrial markets, and we'll highlight where they are throughout the call and the Q&A. Within this backdrop, our sales in the third quarter were in line with our guidance and roughly flat year-over-year. I am pleased that we delivered strong adjusted margin expansion of 200 basis points year-over-year and adjusted EPS that exceeded our guidance. As we look at our performance year-to-date, our teams have delivered record adjusted operating margins and earnings per share, even in a dynamic market environment, which demonstrates our strong operational performance. Our results continue to reflect successful execution against the key initiatives we committed to coming into this fiscal year. We anticipated a slow demand environment overall in our markets, so our focus has been on driving margin and earnings improvement this year. Our teams have driven strong margin expansion year-over-year, and this is most evident in our Transportation and Communications segments. The high quality of our earnings continues to be reflected also in our strong cash generation model, and I'm pleased with the record free cash flow of $2 billion through the first three quarters of this year, and we do expect this to continue into our fourth quarter. Now, let me briefly share what we're seeing in our markets since our call 90 days ago, and what we're seeing in our order patterns, and I'll get into order patterns in more detail a little bit later. First off, in Transportation, our outlook for global auto production is consistent with our view 90 days ago. We continue to see growth in China, and that's offsetting incremental weakness in Europe. In our Industrial Solutions segment, our view remains unchanged. We continue to see three out of our core businesses with growth momentum and continued weakness in industrial equipment end markets. As I said earlier in our Communications segment, our markets are back to growth, and that's in both businesses. Finally, before we get into the slides, I do want to reiterate that our long-term value creation model remains unchanged, and it's centered around three pillars. First off, is our portfolio is strategically positioned around secular growth trends, including adoption of renewable energy, applications for artificial intelligence, and growth in the global hybrid and electric vehicle production, along with further electronification of the vehicle. The second pillar of value creation is that we have operational levers to drive strong margin performance through economic cycles, and you're seeing the results in this quarter, and we have more opportunity as we go forward. Thirdly, we have established a strong cash generation model to return capital to shareholders while investing on bolt-on M&A opportunities as the opportunities present themselves. By executing on these pillars, we expect to deliver double-digit earnings growth this fiscal year, driven by a couple hundred basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. As we look beyond this year, we are set up for strong performance. We expect to continue to benefit from the secular growth drivers, as well as also expect continued growth in areas like commercial airspace, along with normalization of destocking and industrial equipment. This sets us up for an improved growth trajectory, leading to further operating earnings growth going forward. Now, with that as an overview, I'd like to get into the slides, and if you could look at Slid 3, I'll discuss some of the additional highlights for the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter. Then Heath will get into more detail as he gets into his section. Our third quarter sales were $4 billion, which was in line with our guidance and up 2% organically year-over-year. Orders of $4.1 billion were up year-over-year, and sequentially driven by momentum in artificial intelligence design wins. Adjusted earnings per share was ahead of our guidance at $1.91, and this was up 8% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 19.3%, up 200 basis points year-over-year, driven by the strong operational performance of our teams. We are expecting fourth quarter sales of approximately $4 billion, including approximately $60 million of year-over-year currency exchange headwinds. On the margin front, quarter four will be another quarter of strong year-over-year expansion, and we expect adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $1.94, which will be up 9% year-over-year, and which includes a $0.10 headwind from both currency exchange rates and a higher tax rate. I talked to you earlier about the performance we've been driving in this market environment, and when you think about what's implied for the full year given our fourth quarter guidance, you really get to see the strong performance. With adjusted earnings per share expected to be up 12% year-over-year, with sales that are essentially flat. So, with that as a brief overview, let me get into some more details on order trends, and they are on Slide 4 of the presentation we posted. Our orders were up 4% year-over-year, and 3% sequentially to over $4.1 billion, and we had a book-to-bill of 1.04. As I talk about orders by segment, I will be talking about orders sequentially, as we believe this reflects business trends better. At the company level, order growth was driven by the Communications segment, which grew over 50% sequentially. Growth was driven primarily by orders for AI applications with multiple customers, and reflects that destocking in both data and devices, and appliance are behind us. In Transportation, you see a slight sequential order decline, but this was really driven by weakness in commercial transportation and our sensors end markets that are tied really to the general industrial market. Our orders in auto were relatively flat sequentially. In Industrial, order patterns continue to reflect ongoing destocking in industrial equipment end-markets. Now, let me get into year-over-year segment results, and I'll start with our Transportation segment on Slide 5. Our auto business grew 4% organically against our global auto production decline of 1%. Our content growth over production was 5 points in the third quarter, with strong double-digit organic sales growth in China, more than offsetting declines in Europe and North America. While we continue to see different production dynamics by region, as well as some shifts in production of different powertrains, we continue to expect content growth in our second half and longer term to be in the 4 point to 6 point. Our growth of our market will continue to be driven both by increased electric vehicle and hybrid production and greater electronification of the vehicle. Turning to our Commercial Transportation business, the 8% organic decline that you see was driven primarily by weakness in Europe. We expect this business to be again down sequentially in the fourth quarter and expect the markets we serve to be down in the mid to high single digits this fiscal year, due to market declines that are happening in the West. In our Sensors business, the sales decline continued to be driven by market weakness and industrial applications, as well as portfolio optimization efforts that we've discussed with you, where we're continuing to organically exit lower margin and lower growth products. For the Transportation segment overall, adjusted operating margins were up to over 200 basis points to 21%, driven by continued strong execution on operational levers. We also continue to invest to support next generation vehicles, whether they're around electrification of the powertrain, high speed Ethernet for data applications in the vehicle, or miniaturized power and signal products to leverage next generation architectural shifts by our global customers. Now, let's get into the Industrial Solutions segment, and that's on Slide 6. In this segment, we continue to see the same trends we've been discussing all year. Sales were down slightly 2% organically. Our aerospace, defense and marine business sales were up 19% organically, driven by growth both in commercial airspace as well as defense markets. In medical, sales in the quarter were up 7% organically, driven by ongoing increases in interventional procedures, and in energy sales were up 3% organically, driven by strength in the Americas and Europe, with continued strong momentum in renewable applications. As you can see on the slide, the pocket of weakness for the segment is in the Industrial Equipment business, where our sales are down 24% organically. While we are starting to see some signs of order patterns flattening, we still expect to see year-over-year declines in this business in the fourth quarter, as our OEM customers and channel partners continue to reduce inventory levels. Industrial segment adjusted operating margins were 15.1%, which was in line with our expectations given current volume levels and business mix. We continue to expect the segment margins to run into mid-teens until the Industrial Equipment business returns to growth. Now, if you could turn to Slide 7 and I'll get into the discussion around the Communications segment. First of all, and you can see it on the slide, I am excited about the return to year-over-year growth and our strong margin performance. In data and devices, we grew 32% organically, and our design wins are reflecting accelerating momentum. I discussed our order momentum earlier, and based upon these wins, we are increasing our near-term expectations of AI revenue to over $250 million this year, and we expect this to more than double as we get into 2025. In our Appliances business, we grew 12% organically, driven by both the Americas and China. From an operating margin perspective, the segment had adjusted margins of 20%. This was up over 600 basis points over the last year, driven by the higher volumes coupled with stronger operational performance. So, with this as a quick summary of our segment performance, let me turn it over to Heath, who's going to get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts : Thank you, Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to Slide 8. Before I get into the details of the financials, I want to reiterate something that Terrence said earlier. We are dealing with a slower market environment. We've talked to you about that throughout the year, but our focus this year as discussed has been on improving margins and earnings, and I'm pleased to be able to sit here and say that we have set TE records for quarterly adjusted operating margins and earnings per share in the third quarter, and we feel good about the momentum going forward. Now, the details. Adjusted operating income was $766 million with an adjusted operating margin of 19.3%. GAAP operating income was $755 million and included $5 million of acquisition-related charges and $6 million of restructuring and other charges. Year-to-date restructuring charges were $57 million, and for the full year we continue to expect restructuring charges to be approximately $100 million. Adjusted EPS was $1.91 and GAAP EPS was $1.86 and included restructuring, acquisition and other charges of $0.05. The adjusted effective tax rate was 23% in the third quarter, slightly higher than our guidance due to some jurisdictional rate adjustments. And for the fourth quarter and for the full year, we now expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 22%. Importantly, as always, I just want to remind you that we continue to expect our cash rates to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year. Now, if you turn to Slide 9, we delivered strong margin and EPS expansion along with record year-to-date free cash flow with sales that are roughly flat year-over-year. Sales of $4 billion were down 1% on a reported basis, up 2% on an organic basis year-over-year, and we are continuing to see headwinds from a stronger dollar, which unfavorably impacted sales by roughly $80 million in the third quarter. Adjusted operating margins were 19.3% in the third quarter, expanding 200 basis points year-over-year. This was driven by year-over-year margin expansion in our Transportation and Communications segments. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.91, up 8% year-over-year, driven by strong margin expansion and included headwinds of $0.18 from currency exchange and a higher tax rate. Turning to cash flow. Cash from operations was $1 billion, and free cash flow was $867 million in the third quarter. Year-to-date, we have delivered free cash flow of roughly $2 billion. That's up 36% year-over-year, and we expect to deliver another year of free cash flow converging well above 100%. With the strong free cash generation, we have deployed over $2.2 billion so far this year, with $1.8 billion in return to shareholders and approximately $350 million deployed for acquisitions. Our cash generation model continues to give us both confidence and opportunities to return capital to shareholders while supporting bolt-on M&A activities. Just to reiterate, our long-term capital strategy remains unchanged, which is to return approximately two-thirds of free cash flow to shareholders and use approximately one-third for bolt-on acquisitions over time. Before I turn it over to questions, let me reinforce some of the key points that we discussed today and share how we are thinking about our performance and opportunities going forward. Our team is navigating this environment well. We are delivering margin and EPS expansion while continuing to invest for future growth. We are very well positioned to benefit from the secular growth trends and drive further operating earnings growth. We are demonstrating our strong free cash -- strong cash generation model with a balanced deployment of capital. So, we remain very excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us to drive value creation for all our stakeholders. With that, let's now open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Thanks, Heath. Brianna, could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Terrence, really impressive momentum on the IS side, especially with AI centric business. This is clearly a big topic for investors that are focused on. So, I was wondering if you could just talk about what is driving the expectation for higher growth, both for this year and next year, versus what you had talked about 90 days ago. And perhaps if you could also just touch on what does your customer mix look like on the AI side and where is the momentum coming from?
Terrence Curtin : Thanks, Amit. I appreciate the question. First off, I'll get into the different elements. We have to realize, this starts with the hyperscalers and cloud CapEx. When you look at it, that just continues to accelerate. It is incremental CapEx, and you are seeing it get put towards AI applications. As you know, we built a strong position with the cloud customers previously, and it's translating into a strong position with AI and the design wins are across customers. There isn't one customer here. It is across the hyperscalers and that's what I get excited about the most on it, the breadth of it. Now, as you said, you can see on the order slide I went through earlier, you saw the acceleration, the Communication orders that were up 50% or so sequentially. When we see these orders and design wins coming in, it does take, we talked 200 last quarter, some of that will schedule in for this year, so that's really why you're seeing the increase to the 250. But with the design wins we've gotten, it gives us confidence to take up -- it's going to at least double on that 250 in the next year with the wins we have. Just to build on who we deal with, these engagements are with the hyperscale customers and realize some of them develop their own AI solutions. We also have to work with the semiconductor companies, including both the processor companies and the other semi-players that make the acceleration chips and other silicon solutions that are so necessary to really make sure you get to these high-speed, low-latency applications. The growth that we're seeing is across this entire ecosystem. It's not just one customer. As I said before, I do think this is a space where a few of us really will benefit from because of the investment needed to scale the engineering and the manufacturing coupled with the technology that needs to happen here. So, I do view the momentum is real. These are real design win and orders, and we'll continue to keep you updated as we have calls. But certainly like that traction going into 25 as a growth driver on top of the other ones we always talk to you about.
Sujal Shah : Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Out next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan : Yes, thank you so much. Clearly this was very outstanding margin performance in the quarter. Im just wondering, maybe if you could talk about the margin outlook, both in terms of what you are expecting for the segment and how incremental margin should trend in communications in light of this AI momentum. Maybe you could just wrap the rising commodity pricing environment in that. I know you guys hedge, but if you could share some color of how we can think about the impact from that as we look over the next three to four quarters. Thank you so much.
Heath Mitts : Yes Wamsi, this is Heath. I'll take this. So, I guess, you heard our prepared comments and some of the color around margins. Our focal point as we entered this year and we were very transparent externally as well as our focus was on margin expansion, which translates into earnings growth as well. We've had some areas of support and some areas of weakness on the top line, but net-net we're hammering through the year. Our focus has been on the non-volume lever. So that's getting returns on some of their past restructuring actions that we've done. Let's make sure that price is sticking in terms of enough to offset the inflationary pressures and then optimizing the portfolio at certain pockets to improve growth and ultimately margins. So, we're running in that 19% range right now, and my thoughts in terms of as we go into 25 and beyond, in terms of how we  where those go, our largest opportunities in the industrial segment. So we continue to target high teens, margins and industrial. We are running right now in the mid-teens and have been here for a while, which is kind of in line with where we would expect given the pressure that we see in our industrial equipment business. That is our highest margin piece of the segment. So as we think about that business being down, we're holding our head in the mid-teens due to the performance of the rest of the segment, which would be aerospace, energy and medical. But as we return to growth and particularly the industrial equipment business next year, we would expect some margins to improve and support the overall company margin number. In Communications, I think Wamsi if you look at, when you go back over the past three or four years, this segment's margin is very tightly aligned with revenue, and that may seem obvious, but it's more correlated in this segment than anywhere else that we have. So when we saw outside revenue in both appliances and D&D in 2020 and 2021, parts of 2022, you really saw the margins stick up into the mid-20s, which we said at the time was probably overheated. Then when it corrected back down in 23 and earlier part of this year, you saw the margins back in the mid to high teens. So, where we are, we have raised the floor in terms of that variability and we feel good about that. We're now at a position where we're at about $520 million of revenue or generating target margins. And I'll tell you, that's a lower revenue to get to that target margin than we had designed originally and resource the business. We feel good about that. Now, to Terrences earlier point, we have won and been awarded several AI programs. There is some investment required there. Now that, some of that's in our rent rates, some of that will be a little bit incremental. That's both on the engineering side as well as our ability to produce and these programs in the time frame that our customers require. But I think as you think about it, going forward, incremental margins on revenue for that segment in that 25% to 30% range is a fair number, which would suggest that margin, as that revenue ticks up in support of those programs, you should see some margin movement as well. So the team has just done a terrific job there. Then Transportation, listen, a year ago we were talking about how long is it going to take for us to get to target margins, which is 20% for that segment. We got there much sooner than we thought. That's largely attributable to the team pulling the levers that they can and really driving some of the price to offset some of the inflationary pressures that we've seen in the last few years. We're sitting at 21% this quarter. I'd still say 20% plus some is a good number to model that. We're not going to sit there and after just three quarters, announce a new target. But I would tell you that the most profitable piece of that business, which is our Commercial Transportation piece, is also the most profitable and it's depressed right now. So that makes improves. We feel good about that. We feel like we're in a good position, certainly as we step into FY25 starting in October. So, all that being said, we're confident. The commodity situation is always in flux. As you mentioned Wamsi, we do hedge our metals. As those come in, you see that layer in slowly when commodities uptick and when they start to come back down, they are slow to come out. So that helps with our planning, that helps us reduce volatility. As we look forward, the teams are very geared up for -- if we see continued spikes in inflation or anything else, in particular metals groups or resins, we will pull that pricing lever again. I think that's one of the things that has improved in our operational muscle memory going through this process. So more to come, and as we get into 25, we'll provide more outlook.
Sujal Shah : All right. Thank you, Wamsi. May we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Spak with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Spak : Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Terrence Curtin : Hey Joe.
Joe Spak : I was wondering, back to AI, we've been hearing a little bit more about some cross licensing deals between interconnect players for AI. I'm just wondering what you can tell us there. How common is that in other areas of the business? Mechanically, like how would this actually work if it does occur? If you manufacture some of your license, is that a lower margin profile business or is it relatively even?
Terrence Curtin : No, Joe. Hey, one is due to the size of this and the ramping that's going to be required, in areas where you have this, dual sourcing and cross licensing is very common. There is IP here that the different players have and we work together on how do we make sure we bring the best solution together to our customers. We have said, we would expect in this area due to the volumes, the ramping, as well as our customers, making sure they have certainty of supply. You would see some dual sourcing elements as well as cross licensing. So no, that is reality in here. In this space of our data and devices space, this is not new. This has existed for a long time. So this is not a new phenomenon.
Sujal Shah : Okay, thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joe Giordano : Hey, good morning guys.
Terrence Curtin : Hey, how are you Joe?
Joe Giordano : Apologies if you went through some of this. I had to join a couple minutes late from another call. But Terrence I'm just curious to hear like your updated thoughts, like maybe over the kind of very near term and maybe over like the next 12 to 18 months around hybrid versus EVs. GM's talking about not building a plant, but they were talking about building. So where do you think that fits and what do you do from a CE standpoint to like adapt and adjust to the changing end market?
Terrence Curtin : Yeah, no. So thanks Joe for the question. One of the things that I said in my opening comments were, you know production is very stable in automotive. But I think it's important when you think about EVs, EV production this year, and I say EV, I say battery electric, plug-in hybrid and hybrids. They are up 20% this year. So when you have global auto production flat, all of the electrified powertrains are up significantly. Beginning the year, we would have thought that would have been 25 million units. It's going to be close to 24 million units, whereas last year was 20 million units. So with some of the news that you mentioned, sometimes it makes it feel like electrified powertrains are declining. They are not declining, they continue to accelerate, and you see different trends around the world. I know on this call I always have to remind you, 70% of the electric vehicles made in the world are in Asia. It's one of the things with our global position, it's very important that that's where you see the content outperformance, and you don't see some of the bumps that maybe you read in the West. But in Asia overall, the electrified powertrain continues. So in Asia, battery electrics are up 20%, hybrids are up 20%, plug-in hybrids are up 50%. And certainly China drives that, but we also have to realize when you get into hybrids, which are in the West, it benefits some of our non-Chinese OEM customers, whether they are the Japanese or the Koreans, that have really nice product sets and we benefit from that. What you see in the Americas and Europe, you do see people moving more towards pure hybrids. In U.S., Americas, they are up 40%. So consumers are making choices more towards hybrids, and you also see they are up 20% in Europe. So you continue to see penetration increase, and any of those are good for content for us. So we always tell you a nice engine probably has about $70 on it. A full battery electric is $140, plug-in hybrid about $120, and certainly when you get into a hybrid, its $105, $110. So all of that is good for us, and even as we look forward and we're in planning now, we're going to expect auto production to be flattish, and we expect the trends that you are going to see in EV production probably continue to increase like that 20% next year as we move forward. So it's still a very constructive environment. I just always ask you, make sure you are keeping a global perspective on it, not just the Western view on it, because that's where the majority of the action is.
Terrence Curtin: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney : Yes. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Following-up on the auto end market, hoping to better understand the ability for TE to see revenue benefit in 4Q and into next year from that content growth you were just describing Terrence. I understand the theoretical content increase TE has on hybrids and BEVs, but at times, companies in the supply chain are affected by new vehicle launch delays, maybe their own key customers aren't selling as many cars, or there's inventory corrections. And so, as you think about all of those cross-currents, I'm hoping to better understand, do you think TE can actually see the 4 to 6 points of targeted outgrowth in automotive show up in its revenue when you think about your own customer exposure and that content potential? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: No, thanks Mark, and let me just start with the punch line. The answer is, yes. We feel very confident with it. I just spent there with Joe a little bit talking about the powertrain differences, and the powertrain is an important content driver, but it's not the only content driver. When you sit there and you think about it. I mentioned it in my prepared comments. When you get data connectivity that's needed in the vehicle for autonomy, that's also needed for all the other data that you need in the vehicle, that creates an additional architecture that also benefits content. And the other thing is, as people continue to look at other features that are added around safety applications, they continue to evolve the architecture around the traditional backbone 1248 volt, to really make sure the vehicle comes to life for the features a consumer expects. And all three of those elements benefit our content. I know we call one electrification and the other one electronification, but we benefit from both of those. And I think you look at this quarter, this quarter with the 5 points of outperformance, we grew in a declining auto production environment. It basically, iView proves it, and we feel confident it'll continue to build moving forward. The other thing that, hey, you will have some lumps of time like you said, due to platform changes, things like that. But one of the great things about TE is because we're essentially on every car in the world, you really never hear us talk about that. It's where our great global position really comes into play, and I think it really is important to our customers as we bring them technology, but also as an investor, you don't get to  you never hear us talking about this customer or that platform impacting us. So I feel very good about the 4 to 6 and feel very good about the design wins we continue to get in automotive.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Yep. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I was going to ask this more on a company sort of aggregate revenue level. All through the year, your revenues have been in the sort of $3.8 billion to $4 billion range, even as sort of AI revenues have ramped. I mean, as we go into next year, when we put AI aside, where do you think we are in the cyclical recovery where you should see growth? What drives that confidence? Because when we look at the sort of revenue track record this year, it's been fairly sequentially flat. Outside of AI, how should we think about growth really sort of from a cyclical perspective in some of these end markets? What kind of magnitude of growth should we be thinking about? What drives that confidence? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: So Samik, thank you for the question. I think first thing, AI we laid out very clearly. I think the other thing that you're going to have  that you have to be there is, the 4 to 6 points on top in automotive. We do think we should be planning and we're planning a flattish environment. So I do think you are going to see that. On top of that, I wouldn't be lost on the trends that are really being masked right now in our industrial segment due to the stocking. If the stocking will end, you even see it in our appliance business, it is very important. So you've seen our appliance business return to growth. Some of that is the stocking ending. You are going to see that in industrial equipment. And then some of the other industrial cycles may be a little bit middle to later in the year, but it is very important that as you sit there, the stocking has had a big impact on our revenue this year, earlier in the year probably pushing $100 million of headwind. So they are the types of things that I think build. Some of them are content. Some of those are certainly market, but I think they are the things that get us excited about the growth momentum. And I know I said flattish earlier. I meant flattish production in automotive from a planning, not content. Content will be on top of the production environment. So, just to correct that sentence, I didn't complete my thought, so. Thanks Samik.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Samik. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you for taking my call, my question. On the cash flow, obviously a great quarter here. As you guys think about revenues ramping here and especially in the AI segment, maybe if you could talk to us about your CapEx commitment as you look into fiscal 25, and I think you're talking about AI revenues more than doubling now. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, and I appreciate the question. First of all, our CapEx runs roughly from a modeling perspective about 5% of revenue. In different times we'll run just under that. In different times we'll run just modestly over there, but that's a good planning assumption. Inside that, in that run rate, you have to assume all of the growth areas that we've been talking about today have been supported. So whether that's the things around the content outperformance relative to automotive, which is largely driven by the electronification as well as the adoption of the various power trains. Some of that CapEx has supported tooling and product lines that we've had to put in place that are in those, so that's not going to be incremental pressure as we move forward. Now, we are ramping up a little bit in CapEx to support some of the AI applications, particularly coming out of Asia. We've opened up a facility in the Philippines. Some of that is in our run rate as well. And there will be other tradeoffs that we make as we do across the portfolio, but I don't see anything that's putting incremental pressure on our CapEx that's going to materially change that planning assumption, because some things that will come on, that will need a support for the AI applications and product lines. There will be other things that come off because we've completed some expansion in other areas, whether that's in industrial or otherwise. So it's kind of always a rolling process for us, but I still think we can absorb this within our CapEx profile.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Asiya. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Chris.
Christopher Glynn: I wanted to ask generally about order patterns and any particular insights into markets under the quarter or under the book-to-bills. In particular, I think you have the positive book-to-bill at Industrial Solutions with still industrial equipment destocking. So it seems like the persistence at the other markets is pretty high visibility, but maybe take that question where you will.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Chris. What you presume about industrial is right on. And in Communications, clearly you see the benefit of the AI orders as well as our appliance business had nice growth as well. So tying back to where we see the stocking ending, you are seeing that strength and getting back to at least market and then some. When you look across the other dynamics that we continue to see, number one is there was a point in time probably three quarters ago we would talk about backlog. Our backlog continues to be strong, and what you see is the service levels, our service levels to our customers come up. You see people saying, hey, I want to work out my backlog a little bit. Why do I need something if it was an eight to 10 week lead time? Why do I need backlog out this far? So we do see that, those effects happening, in those areas where our service levels are very strong. So you know, in places like auto, our service levels have returned above pre-COVID levels. So you see some of those factors. And then in the general industrial spaces, and that is our industrial equipment market. That is our commercial transportation market. In our sensors business that we have pivoted to transportation and industrial, the industrial piece, you just see ongoing weakness that's pretty global and I would also say just sort of moving sideways. So if you peeled those out, you would say, boy, your orders look really strong, really nice position. But they are just areas where we're seeing pockets of the stocking. It is both with OEMs as well as distribution partners. And we are seeing some signs that's starting to move sideways, which is a good first sign, but it still seems like it's taking a little bit longer to work through in that general industrial space, but it will come to an end here. They always do. It's just, I can't give you the exact date.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jeffries. Your line is open.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi. Thanks for taking my question.
Terrence Curtin: Good morning.
Saree Boroditsky: Going back to the AI conversation you previously talked about $400 million in sales next year. I think you just increased that to $500 million. Given this increase, could you just give us an update on the $1 billion sales estimate and what's the timeframe for that? Thank you so much.
Terrence Curtin: No. I think when you look at that, clearly with the trajectory that we have, that will probably move in a little bit. We're going to continue to keep you updated on that as we have design wins. You do have an element here. We are taking your next year's up versus the $400 million we just told you 90 days ago. So I think, the $1 billion is definitely confident, but the timing will be split in a little bit and we'll continue to keep you updated on it.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Saree. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Luke Junk with Baird. Your line is open.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Terrence, one of the things you highlighted in your remarks that I thought was interesting around auto investment specifically was miniaturized products for next-gen architectural shifts. Can you just double-click on that trend with respect to potential impacts to content? And it sounds like its more engineering-intensive and maybe margins as well. You know this is an area, of course, that's gotten a lot of attention, architecture that is, in the [inaudible] review of EVs. So maybe we could just revisit that overall trend for TE as well. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. No, it does create content opportunity, and it's one of the things I think is important when you talk about content. Clearly, we get a benefit as you move to high-voltage architectures around the power train, but you have to realize there's a whole other architecture that exists to move data around, as well as power and signal around in the car, and both of those trends impact every vehicle, not just an electric vehicle. So data I think is clear, but as everybody continues to want more features and functionality in the car, whether you get into zonal architecture, whether you want to get into centralized compute, while that simplifies and rationalizes the harness, the interconnects get more miniaturized and much more complex. And in those situations, that does  it is part of the content driver we have. So anytime you think and you sit in a car, forget about the engine running, but every other feature you sit there when you move to a new vehicle that you expect, there's connectivity associated with it, because power and signal and data need to move around, whether it's sensing something on the front end of the car, its sensing something in the braking system, it needs to transmit that power signal and data someplace, and all of that are real hard architectural problems. And our engineers at the design centers where our OEM customers are, that's where we design. Its really where that magic occurs that drives that content growth. And these are things that don't stop because people are only working on electric vehicles. That's architecture that helps OEMs compete. It also gets people, consumers what they want, and it's where our teams excel. So sometimes I think it's taken for granted when we talk about content, but that's the electronification element of content, and that's why we feel so confident about the 4 to 6, both the electrification and electronification that happens in the vehicle really help drive that content.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Langan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Colin Langan: Oh, great. Thanks for taking my question. I'm actually just going to follow-up on the zonal architecture question. I know there's been talk that if you go to zonal, there's actually less wires and connectors. I think that's when you put in these big domains. It sounds like you don't see an impact there. Is it really just the wiring that's impacted as you go to zonal, and you are actually still seeing the same or higher content connectors, or is there a little bit of a content loss as you shift from a traditional architecture to the future zonal?
Terrence Curtin: No, it's a great question. Actually, when you go from  you get wire reduction and harness simplification. You don't get connector simplification, but you are still going to need a power signal or data transfer that occurs. It may be in a simplified wire structure or a different type of cable, but what you come into when you get into that zonal is you have a much more complex connector. Something that might have been only transmitting one signal, you might have something that's transmitting 400 different signals, and that gets into a higher contact count, more complex connector into that compute, and that's actually areas where we actually drive content increase. When you get into those areas of zonal and things like that, that everybody talks about and has been talking about for a long time, typically youll get into more complex, more engineered connectors that drive more increased content for us. It certainly simplifies the harness, but it does not simplify the connectivity.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Colin. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thank you for taking my question.
Terrence Curtin: Hi Will.
William Stein: Hey. In the prepared remarks, I think it was Heath who mentioned the potential for bolt-on M&A a couple of times. We've seen one of your competitors really accelerate M&A investments recently, and in a number of years you guys haven't been very visible. I'll say there may have been tuck-ins that perhaps you didn't announce, or maybe I didnt get them, but I wonder if you can just remind us of your strategy and tactics when it relates to just your perhaps in-market focus or technology focus, returns, metrics, hurdles, anything that you can help us understand and maybe did you mention is the opportunity for. Thank you.
A - Heath Mitts: Thanks Will. This is Heath. I think, and I appreciate the question. Listen, our comment around bolt-on M&A being a focus is not new. We've been talking about that here for a couple of years. When we say bolt-on, it doesn't always necessarily have to mean small though. Bolt-ons mean they are things that are kind of  are similar to what we do, in markets that we do, in technologies that we understand, and in production environments that we understand. And so those tend to be things like the ERNI acquisition in industrial equipment or the Schaffner acquisition we completed in December, which is also in the industrial equipment business, things that enhance our portfolio and give us an opportunity to drive value through some of the operational and sales synergies. So when we say bolt-on, it doesn't always have to be small. It just means that it's not very far adjacent to us. Now, our focus is across the businesses, but admittedly, there are some businesses that we have been focused on a little bit more internal self-help. And as we progress through those things and that is reflected in some of the margin improvement that you've seen, we will, in certain businesses, be pivoting a little bit more towards M&A focus. I would tell you that the pipeline, particularly in the industrial spaces, and that's not just the industrial equipment, but the industrial spaces in general in that segment, the pipeline is more robust than it has been in a very long time. A lot of cultivation activities, and we feel very good about our ability to see an uptick in transactions there. Now, I'm not about to go on record and try to quote a dollar amount, because although that would be a more satisfying answer for you, these things come in a little bit more lumpy and things outside our control in terms of how processes go and how sellers react. In terms of us being more quiet, I can't speak on that relative to others, but I would say that we are a return-focused company and we are looking  we're not just going to buy growth for the sake of growth. We are looking for things that we are the right owner of and things that have a good financial return for our owners. And so in certain environments in the last few years, we've seen elevated acquisition prices, and we have to be cautious on some of those things. At the same time, we know where our sweet spot is. We know where we can drive value, and we've proven that to ourselves in a few of these transactions we've done in the last couple of years. I think you'll continue to see us talk more about this as a bigger part of our story over the next year or two, and I think a lot of it will be in the industrial space as I look at where the opportunity sits today. I appreciate the question and the opportunity to provide a little more color on that.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Our final question comes from Shreyas Patil with Wolf Research. Your line is open.
Shreyas Patil: Hey, thanks so much for taking my question.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Shreyas.
Shreyas Patil: Hey Heath, you talked about the strengths you are seeing in transportation, particularly on the profitability side. Just trying to think about the puts and takes from here. I mean, typically incremental margins are in the low 30s. Commercial transportation volumes should improve at some point next year, and there are additional restructuring savings in the pipeline coming in 2025 and 2026. So what are we missing as we think about the puts and takes and how margins could actually go from here? And then maybe just to put a finer point on the earlier question on the new automotive architectures, are you seeing wins today in this area? There are a few OEMs that are ahead of the curve, so just curious what you are seeing with them as well.
A - Terrence Curtin: Yeah, let me answer the second part, and then I'll let Heath, Shreyas, answer your first part. We're absolutely seeing these wins. We've been working on these designs. In some cases, some designs never made it for decades. So when you think about these architectural changes, we are working on them. Even with the EV move, some OEMs around the globe actually jumped to some of these architectures, because they weren't evolving legacy architectures. So that is part of our content story. We are seeing it. What's great is our teams see that content uplift when you have these moves. But certainly, it's by OEM-by-OEM, and also by the platform design evolutions that they are going through, but clearly see that in our turbines. And I'll hand it over to Heath for the first part of your question.
A - Heath Mitts: Yeah, listen Shreyas. When I think about the margin journey that transportation has been on, a lot of it has been self-helped around restructuring. And we have moved, over the last several years, a fair amount of activity in terms of production environments out of Western markets, in terms of where production is, and into places where we can take advantage of our scale, in places like Eastern Europe, Morocco, Mexico, and in parts of Asia. So that has had a nice uplift, and it has not been cheap or painless. The team has executed well, and we appreciate our owners' patience as we've spent some of their money to do some of this restructuring. Now, you do see some of that reflected in the margins. The other piece is around price, and price is something that historically weve kind of been  kind of, I don't know what normal is anymore, but if you go pre-pandemic years, we would have said price is kind of minus 1%, minus 1% to 2% a year, particularly in automotive. Certainly, we've tightened that up. Price is not a tailwind, but it's not as much of a headwind, and as we think about where that will track very closely to where we see input costs and inflations there, both on the labor and on the material side. And the team, is new in last couple of years. There's a much tighter discipline there around our thinking. Now, having said all that, you have to remember, it wasn't but this time last year when people were asking the same question you are, but they were asking, when do you get from the high teams up to 20%. And we put a lot of legwork in, and the team has executed really well this year to put us to the point we are. We will continue to evaluate that. I think your 30% incremental is probably a good number. The recovery of the commercial transportation market as you mentioned, is a nice help for us. But you also have to remember that even though commercial transportation has been down from a top line, they've held their head internally on the margin front. And so there's opportunity there, and quite honestly, there's opportunity in our centers business to continue to improve margins as we've exited some lower margin net programs. So when you add all that up, yes, your math would suggest that we are going to move above 20. But give us the opportunity to work through there and contemplate everything before we start issuing new targets. So I do appreciate your questions Shreyas.
Sujal Shah : All right. Thank you, Shreyas. If there's no further questions, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. If you have additional questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thanks everyone, and have a nice day!
Operator: Today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today, July 24th, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Everyone, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter Results Call for Fiscal Year 2024. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead. 
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's second quarter 2024 results and outlook for our third quarter. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts.  
 During this call, we will provide certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. 
 The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. [Operator Instructions] 
 Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments. 
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Sujal, and we appreciate everyone joining us today. 
 As I'd like to normally do before I get into the slides, I do want to take a moment to provide some performance highlights along with what we're seeing versus our call 90 days ago. We continue to be in a dynamic global economic environment. Against this backdrop, the performance of our markets are largely consistent with our expectations, resulting in second quarter sales being in line with our guidance with sequential growth in all 3 of our segments. In addition, we experienced improved order levels with sequential growth in orders in all of our segments, and I'll provide you more details on orders later in the call. 
 Our results reflect execution against key items we committed to coming into fiscal 2024. We highlighted to you our focus on margin performance and the benefits from non-volume-related operational levers to drive margin expansion. Our progress on these are evident in our results as we delivered 13% year-over-year adjusted earnings per share growth, which was driven by adjusted operating margin expansion of 250 basis points. 
 Adjusted operating margins were up in each segment versus the prior year, and we expect to continue to deliver strong margin performance through the remainder of this year. With the improvements that we've made, we expect to deliver double-digit earnings growth this fiscal year, driven by a couple of hundred basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion even in the slow growth environment. 
 The high quality of our earnings continues to be reflected in our strong cash generation model. Through the first half of this year, we delivered record free cash flow of $1.1 billion, which is up over 30% versus the prior year. And we expect to deliver another year of free cash flow conversion above 100%. 
 With the strong cash generation, we deployed over $1.5 billion so far this year, with $1.2 billion being returned to shareholders and approximately $350 million being deployed last quarter for the Schaffner acquisition that will be in our Industrial segment. Our cash generation model continues to give us both confidence and opportunities to return capital to shareholders while continuing to support bolt-on M&A activities. 
 So let me now share what we're seeing in our market since our call 90 days ago. Our view of the transportation end markets remains unchanged from our prior view, with global auto production still expected to grow slightly this year, while we continue to expect weakness in commercial transportation end markets both in Europe and in the Americas.  
 In our Communications segment, we continue to see momentum in high-speed cloud and AI applications and are seeing the impacts of the destocking coming to the end in both of our businesses in this segment. Because of these trends, we expect the Communications segment to return to year-over-year growth in our third quarter. 
 In our Industrial Solutions segment, the picture is the same that we've been saying for the last 6 months. We see 3 out of our 4 businesses continue to have growth momentum. However, our Industrial Equipment business continues to be impacted by destocking. As we think about the Industrial Equipment business, we are seeing early indications pointing to a potential normalization later this fiscal year. 
 And then one other thing I'd like to highlight is that we have seen the dollar strengthen against other currencies since our last earnings call, and this is resulting in an increased headwind to growth and earnings in our second quarter, and this will impact the third quarter as well.  
 And lastly, I want to reiterate that our long-term value creation model remains unchanged and is centered around 3 pillars. First, our portfolio is strategically positioned around secular growth trends, including the adoption of renewable energy, applications for cloud and artificial intelligence and growth in global hybrid and electric vehicle production. And when you think about the vehicle, we not only benefit from the electrification of the powertrain, but we also benefit from the electronification trends that include increased software-defined vehicle as well as increased safety and comfort features.  
 The second pillar of value creation is that we have operational levers to drive strong margin performance through an economic cycle. And our third lever is that we've established a strong cash generation model to return capital to shareholders while investing in bolt-on M&A opportunities. 
 Now with that as an overview, let's get into the presentation. I'd ask you to turn to Slide 3, and I'll discuss some of the highlights for the second quarter as well as our outlook for the third quarter, and then I'll hand it off to Heath who will get into more details in his section.  
 Our second quarter sales were $3.97 billion, which was in line with our guidance and up 3% organically on a sequential basis, with each segment delivering sales in line with our expectations. Adjusted earnings per share was ahead of our guidance at $1.86, which was up 13% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 18.5%, and this was up 250 basis points year-over-year, driven by strong operational performance. 
 We are expecting third quarter sales of approximately $4 billion, reflecting organic growth on both a sequential and year-over-year basis. The year-over-year growth is expected to be driven by Transportation and Communications segments, partially offset by the effect of a stronger dollar. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be approximately $1.85, and this is up 5% year-over-year and it does include a $0.15 headwind from both tax and currency exchange rates. 
 And just moving away from the financials for one second. We did just issue our Connecting Our World report, which details our commitments around corporate responsibility. There are a number of initiatives that we're driving internally, and our goals are in line with both our purpose as well as our expectations from our customers. 
 Some of the key highlights that I want to bring up to you is that we did achieve a 70%-plus reduction in both Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions over the past 3 years. And we also set our Scope 3 reduction targets, and these have been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative.  
 So with that as a quick overview of the quarter and our outlook, let me get into more details on orders, and that starts on Slide 4. As I highlighted earlier, we are seeing improved order levels. Our orders were up 6% sequentially to $4 billion with sequential growth in each segment. And really, this is the first time in 1.5 years that orders have been above $4 billion, and our book-to-bill is above 1. And we do believe that order patterns are indicating stability in most of our end markets we serve as well as the consistent service levels that we're providing to our customers.  
 Now getting into orders by segment. Transportation orders grew sequentially despite auto production declining sequentially to a little bit below 21 million units in the second quarter. We saw production in China that offset weak -- incremental weakness in North America. And going forward, we expect global auto production to be roughly 21 million units per quarter as we move through the second half of this fiscal year. 
 In our Industrial segment, we saw 7% growth in orders sequentially, and this reflects the continued momentum that is offsetting ongoing destocking in the industrial equipment end markets. And in our Communications segment, our orders grew 30% sequentially, reflecting design win momentum in data center programs, and about half of the increase is driven by AI orders for delivery in 2025 in our data and device businesses.  
 Now with that as an overview of orders, let me now discuss year-over-year segment results, and I'd ask you to turn to Slide 5, and I'll start with Transportation. In Transportation, our Auto business grew 1% organically with double-digit growth in China, offset by declines in North America and Europe. While global auto production levels are consistent with our prior view, we are seeing different dynamics by region. Versus 90 days ago, our expectations of vehicle production have increased in China with a continued strong outlook for EV adoption and expansion in our content per vehicle. 
 In North America and Europe, OEMs are adapting their mix of production to better align with consumer preferences. Factoring in these dynamics, on a global basis, EV and hybrid production are both expected to increase by 24% this fiscal year, and we'll continue to see declines in internal combustion engine production. 
 The increase in the electrified powertrain autos will be driven by increased production in Asia, which is our largest sales region and where our auto team has a strong position. And just to give you a reminder, our content per vehicle is 1.5x higher on a hybrid and 2x higher on a full electric EV versus internal combustion platforms. We have established a global leadership position across all vehicle platforms at all major OEMs and start-ups and continue to expect long-term content growth above production of 4 to 6 points.  
 Now turning to the Commercial Transportation business, we saw a 4% organic decline, and this was driven by the heavy truck market declines in North America as well as in Europe. This was partially offset by a return to growth in China. And we expect this business to be down sequentially in the third quarter and expect these markets that we serve here to be down approximately mid-single digits this year due to market declines in the West. 
 In our Sensors business, the sales decline continued to be driven by market weakness in industrial applications as well as portfolio optimization that we've talked to you about, where we've continued to organically exit lower-margin and lower-growth products.  
 For the Transportation segment, adjusted operating margins were 20.4%, which is slightly above our target levels, and we expect to run at our target margins for the rest of this year. We are continuing to invest in our -- increase our investment in our Auto business to support engineering requirements for next-generation vehicles and whether they're around the electrification of the powertrain, high-speed Ethernet for data applications in the vehicle or miniaturized power and signal products to leverage next-generation architectural shifts.  
 Now let's get into the Industrial Solutions segment, and that's on Slide 6. In this segment, we continue to see the trends that we've discussed for the past few quarters. And while sales were down 6% organically at the segment level in the second quarter, we saw growth in 3 of our 4 businesses. And we expect continued growth in our AD&M, Medical and Energy businesses. 
 In the second quarter, our AD&M sales were up 17% organically, driven by growth in both the commercial aerospace and defense markets. In Medical, sales in the quarter were up 6% organically, driven by ongoing increases in interventional procedures. And in Energy, we saw organic growth driven in the Americas, offset by weakness in Europe, with continued strong momentum in renewable applications. 
 And then finally, in our Industrial Equipment business where we're continuing to see the destocking, our sales were down 28% organically. While we're seeing some stabilization in order patterns pointing to normalization later this year, we still expect to see year-over-year declines in this business for the next couple of quarters as our customers adjust their inventory levels. 
 On a margin perspective, the Industrial segment achieved 15%, which was in line with our expectations given current volume levels and business mix. We continue to expect segment margins to run into the mid-teens until the Industrial Equipment business returns to growth.  
 Now I'd ask you to turn to Slide 7, and let me get into the Communications segment. In Communications, I am excited about a return to year-over-year growth in our third quarter now that destocking trends are largely behind us and momentum continues to build in next-gen cloud applications. 
 Going forward, we now expect to deliver higher growth from artificial intelligence applications where we are increasing our investment to support future growth opportunities. Based upon our design win momentum, we expect to double our AI revenues from $200 million this year to $400 million next year and expect to build on this momentum to achieve annual revenues of roughly $1 billion in the following few years. 
 Just to remind you where we play, we are focused on providing high-speed, low-latency connectivity to meet the needs of artificial intelligence workloads. And we generate 50% more content in accelerated compute platform versus traditional compute servers. Also, we're working closely with cloud customers as well as leading semiconductor companies with reference designs that call out TE Connectivity solutions. 
 This segment had adjusted operating margins of 17.3%, and this was up 100 basis points over last year despite the decline in sales in the second quarter. Our teams are executing extremely well, and we continue to expect to maintain high-teens margin in this segment as we move through the year while supporting investments for growth. As volumes increase over time, we expect to achieve our long-term margin target for the segment of approximately 20%.  
 Now with that as a segment overview, let me hand it over to Heath, who will get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward. 
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. 
 Please turn to Slide 8 where I will provide more details on the second quarter financials. Adjusted operating income was $735 million with an adjusted operating margin of 18.5%. GAAP operating income was $692 million and included $3 million of acquisition-related charges and $40 million of restructuring and other charges. For the full year, our expectations are unchanged, and we continue to expect fiscal 2024 restructuring charges to be approximately $100 million. 
 Adjusted EPS was $1.86, and GAAP EPS was $1.75 and included restructuring and acquisition and other charges of $0.11. The adjusted effective tax rate was 21% in Q2. And for the third quarter and the remainder of the year, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 22%. Importantly, as always, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year. 
 Now if you turn to Slide 9. Sales of $3.97 billion were down 5% on a reported basis and down 3% on an organic basis year-over-year, which is as expected. Sequentially, we saw 3% organic growth in sales. Adjusted operating margins were 18.5% in the second quarter, expanding 250 basis points year-over-year, and this was driven by margin expansion in all 3 segments on a year-over-year basis. 
 We have been focused on executing on a number of operational levers this year that are not volume-related, and this has enabled strong margin expansion despite the low growth environment that we are dealing with. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.86, up 13% year-over-year, driven by the strong margin expansion. 
 Turning to cash flow. Cash from operations was $710 million, and free cash flow was $543 million in the second quarter. Through the first half of our fiscal year, free cash flow was $1.1 billion, which is up 32% year-over-year. Our long-term capital strategy remains unchanged, which is to return approximately 2/3 of free cash flow to shareholders and use 1/3 for bolt-on acquisitions over time. As mentioned earlier, we expect our free cash flow conversion to exceed 100% again this year.  
 Now before I turn it over to questions, let me reinforce some of the key points that we are excited about and share how we are thinking about our performance in the current macro environment. We are delivering margin expansion, EPS growth, driven by strong execution on operational levers. At the same time, we are investing to support future growth in markets with strong secular drivers, including next-generation automotive, renewables and the artificial intelligence applications that Terrence just discussed.  
 We are seeing an improvement in order patterns and sequential orders growth in all of our segments, indicating stability in most of the markets we serve and giving us confidence in future growth. Our Communications segment is returning to growth in the third quarter, which reflects both the normalization of supply chains as well as our momentum in high-speed data center applications. 
 And finally, we are demonstrating our strong cash generation model with a balanced deployment of capital. So we remain very excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us to drive value creation for all stakeholders. 
 With that, let's now open this call up to questions. 
Sujal Shah: Dennis, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. 
Mark Delaney: I'm hoping to better understand the more constructive comments you made on auto, especially as EV industry growth has decelerated and several traditional Western auto OEMs have announced they're planning to focus more on plug-in hybrids at least in the near to intermediate term and shift toward BEVs more slowly than they previously targeted. Could you help better contextualize what underpins TE's more positive view on auto and to what extent auto can keep growing? Or might it be impacted by certain customers needing to take down inventory as they adjust their product mix plans? 
Terrence Curtin: No, thanks, Mark, and I appreciate the question. And I know one of the things that's important when we do this is I always have to remind everybody our great global position, and we got to keep that in front of us. 
 So first of all, on auto production, what's interesting, even though there's been a lot of moves by various players around the world, if we went back to you back in October and said, where do we think auto production would be, we still think it's slightly up this year. It's going to be around 86 million vehicles made on the planet this year. And we have seen increases in Asia production, both in China as well as outside of China, because we do have a strong position in Japan and Korea as well that have offset some of the weakness that you've seen here in North America as you have some of these consumer preference shift.  
 The other thing that is when you think about what we've always called the e-mobility category, which includes hybrids, plug-in hybrids and EVs because we get very nice content uplift on all of them, we expect it to be about 25 million units this year still. And versus where we were earlier in the year, that's probably only off about 300,000 units when you look at it at a global basis. So net-net, on a global basis, EV production and adoption is still happening. And EVs and plug-in hybrids and hybrids are about 30% of all the vehicles on the planet today that are coming out. And I said it on the call, both categories are going to grow about 24% this year.  
 Now by region, the trends in China are full steam ahead, EV production, EV adoption across all types, whether it's plug-in hybrids, hybrids, and we have a very strong position there. We've talked to you about what we do with the locals. We have a strong position with the multinationals. And as I said on the call, our content per vehicle, as EV adoption continues in China, is just going up.  
 In the Western world, you do have the adapting that I talked about, and it's really creating more of a shift from EVs to PHEVs and hybrids. And we got to realize that shift is important for us because that does help as you move from a nice vehicle to any of the EV categories, we get content increase. And all the regions are expected to see double-digit EV growth this year. So while there's been some things that have shifted around, certainly, as people make choices about what models they like versus they don't like, it's really been driving content growth. 
 Now the last thing is we remain to be confident around our 4 to 6 points of outperformance. And we're always going to caution you like we do every call, please don't look at it on a quarter basis because there's always swings that can occur. But we expect content growth to be in that 4 to 6 points. And it's also important to say content in the 4 to 6 points above production, EV is the biggest driver, but it's not the only driver. 
 Electronification of the vehicle, the data -- Ethernet that goes in for autonomy for -- that's unique for software-defined vehicles, that's a driver as well as all the other electronics that go in. So all of them drive the content increase. And while there may be some shifts between EVs and hybrids, the content growth that we get on either of those categories, whether it's 1.5x or 2, are going to drive content growth for us and why we feel so constructive about the 4 to 6 points of outperformance, and we expect we'll be there this year. So I know it's probably more than you wanted, Mark, but I appreciate the question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Junk with Baird. 
Luke Junk: Terrence, hoping you could just double-click on what order [ patterns ] are telling you right now about market health and especially destocking. I'd be most interested in what it says about the trajectory of Communications from here, especially legacy applications in addition to what you already spoke to with respect to AI as well as we look for that bottom in Industrial Equipment. 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. No, thanks, Luke, and I appreciate the question. Yes, as I said in my upfront comments, I can't stress enough, this is the first time in 6 quarters or 1.5 years that we have orders above $4 billion and a book-to-bill above 1. And you see the sequential growth in every segment. And destocking, which we always told you, really was in our Communications segment and our Industrial Equipment segment. I would tell you, in the Communications segment, we don't -- we believe destocking is over.  
 Not only from the order activity we see, but I would also say the things where we go through our channel partners, and we've seen orders improve year-over-year there as well as the revenue trends of where they're selling through. So I would say destocking in the Communications segment is over, and you're going to see that segment return to growth next quarter, as I talked about. 
 The one area that we continue to see destocking is in the Industrial Equipment. I think it was evident in our results and the commentary. And that's going to be with us for a couple more quarters. That started later. We're still seeing areas where I do think we're in a bottoming cycle there, both what we see and what our channel partners see. We're starting to see some lights in China and also the Americas, but there's other areas in that industrial space, and Europe has remained weak. So I do think that's very important to keep in front of us, but I do think there's -- we're starting to see some light at the end of the tunnel. 
 And outside those areas, I think you see stability and growth. And I think those sequential order momentums that we see that you can see on the chart really prove that. And that's what we get excited about that destocking is over. Destocking has masked some of our content growth as we work through it. But I do also think as we work through this year and get to '25, it will be a nice tailwind that that's finally behind us. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore Partners. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess, Terrence, I'd love to kind of get your perspective, AI is still a very big focus for everyone. You just talked about some fairly strong revenue trajectory as you go forward that you expect to see. Can you maybe spend some time talking to us about what exactly are you really providing when it comes to AI solutions? And any sense on where the opportunities right now across processor companies like NVIDIA versus cloud providers that might be running their own infrastructure? And what does the conversion to revenue look like as you go forward from here? 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, no, and I made some comments, Amit. So I do appreciate the question. And the one thing that's a little bit different that we talked about today on the prepared comments was we typically always talked to you about design win momentum, and that's continued. But we did give you more highlights about where does revenue go for here. And we told you all year, as we were seeing the ramp in AI, we were going to do about $200 million of revenue this year in AI applications. And certainly, 60% of that would be in the back half. That really hasn't changed. 
 But when we look at the design momentum that we have and also expectation of what we're hearing from our customers, like I said on the call, we expect that $200 million to essentially double next year to $400 million. And we actually see a path that could get up to $1 billion a year -- a few years after the [ math ].  
 So we're actually seeing the traction with the design wins, our teams, the investments we're making to ramp it, both from engineering and operations, are in place to drive it. And like you said, when you have to service this area, there's an ecosystem that's here. And that ecosystem, when you look at our engagements, they're with hyperscale customers, some of who are developing their own AI solutions. We also have to work closely with semiconductor companies, including both the processor companies and the other semi players that make acceleration chips and other silicon solutions. So when you look at it, we have to play with everybody in that ecosystem, and our teams are doing a nice job.  
 And then as important is as you work with them, how do you get on reference designs that then are really ready-to-deploy offerings that do allow further cloud customer deployments. And our sales are across the entire ecosystem, it's not with one. So I like the breadth that we have, and that's really driving the momentum that we have. 
 And from a product perspective, where you start at, it starts with the socket that's right up against the GPU. You can have things that are on the board. And then you also get into things that are really a cable backplane where you have things that are very important to make sure you don't get the latency and you keep the high speed going to really make sure that cluster can really crack at the speeds they need to, to do the [ LLMs ]. 
 So net-net, it's pretty broad in the products we play. And it's just really, in many cases, what we did on the cloud moving up to the next level of performance in this application. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. 
Wamsi Mohan: Terrence, I appreciate all the comments here on the prior question around AI. If I could just ask a quick clarification on that. How are you thinking about your share in these high-speed, low-latency applications? 
 And for my question, I was wondering if you could comment a little bit beyond fiscal '24. It seems like destocking is coming to an end. Your orders are bouncing back a fair amount over here, and you've mentioned stability in some of the end markets as well. Any early thoughts on how fiscal '25 is shaping up from a growth and margin perspective? 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So when you think about share in the AI application, it would be similar to the share we had in cloud applications. So I think when you look at that, and we talked about that a lot, the momentum we had when we went through the cloud during COVID and the momentum we had across a broad set of customers, I think you can expect similar share-type thoughts on that for the AI applications and once again being broad.  
 When you look at 2025, I guess the first thing is it will be nice not to talk about destocking. So that has been a headwind. I know we're not the only one that dealt with it. But that will be something that turns, and you're starting to see it in CS, and that will help IS. So I do think that will turn to a headwind to be -- honestly, to a tailwind as we get rid of that. And what's nice is we're going to start seeing that in Communications already here later this year. And I do think we have to wait towards the end of our fiscal year to get there with the Industrial Equipment business.  
 The other thing as we look at 2025, there's going to be -- if you just start with Transportation, you're going to continue to have electric vehicles, the broad category that we put everything in, continue to grow in the world. And I think you can continue to look at 4% to 6% growth on top of that. I wouldn't say we view it's going to be auto production is going to boom in '25, but I think you're going to continue to see an area where auto is below peak where we are today. And then we're going to get the content benefit on top of it that I think we've proven to you. The AI element is a big driver as we go into next year. So we quantified that for you. 
 And then the other area that I just think has been masked a little bit by what's been going on in Industrial Equipment is, remember, our 3 businesses that are in Industrial, they continue to have growth momentum, whether it's renewables, whether it's what we're doing in medical around interventional procedures, whether it is the recovery in commercial aerospace as well as what's going on in defense. So those types of growth that we're seeing this year, we do think they're going to remain in the growth into '25. So I do think '25 does set up nicely. 
 Heath, I don't know if you want to talk from a margin perspective at all. 
Heath Mitts: Sure. Wamsi, we appreciate the question. Obviously, we're in the early stages, we're not ready to guide for our FY '25, which starts October 1. But I do feel good about where -- the progress that we've made on margins. We've talked a lot to this audience about our target margins, which we really look at it by segment. The Transportation margins, target margin of 20%, we got there a little sooner than we even, internally, we were expecting. The price actions have been effective and they've been sticky. The footprint consolidation work that we've done and then we've exited some low-margin product lines, and the health of that business is very strong. 
 The auto side of that, that is driving most of that. But even our Commercial Transportation business within that, which is, as you know, a high-margin business, is holding its head even in a negative growth environment. So we feel good about where we are achieving in FY '24 and where our jumping off point is for end of '25.  
 Communications is really -- the margin side of Communications is really a volume story. And again, if you had asked me 6 or 9 months ago where we'd be running margin-wise at roughly $440 million of quarterly revenue, I would tell you we'd probably be in the mid-teens. And as I sit here today, we've been consistently in the high teens this year. So we've effectively raised the floor, and our team has done a nice job within that segment of raising the floor so we get to a more of a high-teen type of look. 
 And once we budge up over the $2 billion annual revenue rate for that segment, I think we're going to be pushing towards that target margin of 20% for the segment. So we feel good as we think about that. And as a reminder, Terrence alluded to this, we are hiring to support some of the high-growth areas, and that's embedded in our run rate. We're not going to call that out as a headwind to us, but we're not starving these businesses, and that's been an exciting area to see. 
 The Industrial business, we're hovering in the mid-teens. I expect improvement of significance next year as we go in, but a lot of that is tied to the destocking within the Industrial Equipment business going away. And Terrence has talked a fair amount already on this call about the time frame of that towards the end of fiscal '24. So I do think there's good opportunity as we go into '25. The other 3 business units within the Industrial segment have been performing well, but it's hard to make up for the drag on the Industrial Equipment business that's been down double digits this year. 
 So if you add all that all up, we're going to exit this year in [ 18 ] and change of operating margins up a couple of hundred basis points year-over-year. And we expect to be able to start making normalized improvement on that as we move forward. We talk to The Street about in our operating model of somewhere between 30 and 80 basis points of margin improvement each year. Certainly, we feel good about that as we start planning for FY '25. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. 
Samik Chatterjee: I'll ask on Communications, if you don't mind. You mentioned the capacity investments you're making in the Communications segment, particularly around the AI demand you're seeing. If you can sort of give us some more color about what's the typical lead time between you investing -- starting to invest in capacity now? Is that for revenue in fiscal '25? Or is that sort of beyond fiscal '25? What's the typical lead time between starting the manufacturing and getting back to a revenue point? 
 And then just a side question in terms of like what do you see customers ask you for in terms of where this manufacturing footprint is? Given the geopolitical situation, is there a preference that customers are expressing about where you invest in capacity, [ granted ] whether it's the Western world or somewhere else? 
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Samik, for the question. A couple of things, I think, that's important. As we've been seeing this, we have been investing, and we've expanded operations in Mexico as well as the Philippines as well as the existing locations we've had. So from that viewpoint, there was existing. And also the sites that we have, I think, position us well for the geopolitical options that some of our customers want to have. 
 So when you look at that, I wouldn't say this is just starting. These investments, some of those we started to make a few years ago as we were thinking about capacity coming along, and we're going to continue to build on that. And that's for the footprint capacity as well as like Heath said, there's also been engineering capacity and ramping as well, and we'll continue to do with the line of sight of the programs we work on. 
 Let's face it, these are programs that we work on with our customers in tandem as they're trying to work their architecture to make sure that the connectivity that's needed works in their applications. So that's one of the real positives that we have working in this ecosystem, and you're going to see us continue to capitalize on it. And like Heath said, it's included in our run rate. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. 
Joseph Giordano: So on the AI side, as you kind of build out and invest to support the growth plans of your customers in this space, how do you weigh -- like obviously, very robust demand and on the near term with like, can we -- is this -- are these growth outlooks on a multiyear period even feasible? Like can the grid handle building all these things? Like how do you weigh what you need to invest in now because of what your customers are saying versus like your view on is this even achievable for a market over like a short, couple-of-year period? 
Terrence Curtin: When we work here, Joe, we work with our customers on the programs that they're coming out with. And then on the next generation, I would tell you, we do work with our customers on their understanding of that market outlook. But honestly, we're focused on nailing the solution with our customers on what the technical requirements they have. So I would tell you, that's what we focus on. That's the way we invest as we work with our customers. 
 So from that viewpoint, I think that's always been our mindset. And it's one of the nice things about our model that we get the benefit of working with our customers as they understand the opportunity and the ramps that they expect to hit and how do we need to support that. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. 
Asiya Merchant: Just if you could drill down a little bit on pricing. I think comments in the past have talked about maybe normalization of pricing and especially as we look at auto production moving towards, at least this year, being a little bit more weighted towards Asia versus North America and Western Europe. How do you guys think about pricing and the margin impact from pricing normalizing, say, as we go into fiscal '25? 
Terrence Curtin: No, sure. I think when you look at pricing, first off, and you see it in the margin this year, we recovered finally the inflation that we had during the mega wave of inflation. And we caught up on that. And our approach always was, was we were covering cost with our customers. When you still look at this year, nothing has changed with what we told you before, we expect pricing to be neutral this year at the TE level. 
 So yes, we are doing targeted price increases where we have to, where we continue to have material inflation on certain metals. Certainly, we're doing things to make sure where we can be competitive. And I don't think you assume that margins go down on a different pricing environment. So I think you sit there as we look forward, a big element of where pricing goes is going to be around where the material environment is, where's copper, gold, resin trading, the input costs that were the things that we recovered, and they will be the bigger driver of where pricing goes from here. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. 
Saree Boroditsky: You talked a lot about maybe a line of sight to the end of Industrial Equipment destocking by year-end. Could you just talk through the underlying demand environment there? And then how do you think about the tailwind from destocking then as we get into 2025? 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Saree, and welcome to the call. First off, being the demand environment is cloudy because we have had both with -- and in our Industrial Equipment business, just to take a step back and remind everybody, about 50% of our revenue goes through our channel partners and 50% goes directly to the OEMs. So it is an area where channel partners play a bigger role. 
 I would say when we look at the end-demand environment, there are pockets where you continue to see strength, that wouldn't surprise you, certainly in the process side. But there's other areas that right now, it is still foggy because we have customers that are working off buffer stock that they built up when they were worried about being able to get component supply as well as our channel partners are doing the same. 
 So right now, we're in the middle of that destock period. But what we are seeing is we're seeing order patterns start to move sideways. They aren't decelerating. We're seeing that both direct and with our channel partners. And we're also seeing certain regions where we see that work-off occurring. So I think what you're going to have probably for the next couple of quarters, we're still going to have those impacts as that works off. And then as we get into '25, you'll actually see that business get back more in line, growing a little bit above the underlying market of factory automation. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. 
Steven Fox: Terrence, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how TE Connectivity's products into EVs help on the cost front for your customers? I mean, Tesla, obviously is talking a lot about that lately. And on the alternatives, does it create any kind of competitive risk as some of your customers realize that they really need to get some of these EV prices down in the next couple of years? 
Terrence Curtin: Well, I do think there's an element that one of the things that we do that even starts before the product is how we work with our customers when they are trying to sit down and do value engineer of how do you get a sub application to a lower cost point. That's very important, Steve, as we move through generations in every part of TE. And that's just not on where does our product cost come in, how do you assemble a car, how do you put the car together, how does that make sure it has the quality?
 And any time you get into somebody looking at a next generation, and that could be a battery pack, that could be the connectivity on the motor, it could even be a next-generation inlet, so all of those are things that create opportunities where our stickiness and global position play really well. And that we have such a strong position in China, I would tell you, certainly, you have a cost point that is always a better cost point. And how our global teams bring that to other OEMs around the world due to our strong position is something that we get excited about because, I know I say this on this call, probably every other call, automotive is a scale business. 
 And one of the things that is very important is how does EV scale, how do you bring our technology to do it that helps it scale, and that's the opportunity that we've always been excited about with EVs. And having some of the consumer choices that are being made will also allow our customers to get focused to make sure they're making where their platforms go. So net-net, that's what our engineers like to do, improving the innovation they can bring, but also how do you sit there and make sure how we're making it more productive for the world. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Colin Langan with Wells Fargo. 
Colin Langan: Just want to ask, on the auto side, growth was 1%. I think the target is 4 -- and I think the market is fairly flat in the quarter. The long-term target is 4% to 6% outperformance. Why the underperformance versus the target in the last couple of quarters? 
Terrence Curtin: Twofold. We're probably running about 3 points above production right now. I would say, Colin, in the second quarter, global auto production was negative. So the [ reason there ], we always tell you, don't look at an individual quarter. Next quarter, I think you're going to see a very nice outperformance. And for the year, we expect to be in the 4% to 6% range. But on any quarter, you get into a lot of little things that some quarters will be above the range. I still feel good about the 4% to 6%, though. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. 
Christopher Glynn: Just wondering if you could talk about the kind of complexion and forward kind of drivers, touch on the mix for the commercial vehicle platform. I know you kind of said kind of similar levels for passenger vehicle would be appropriate way to think about next year. And we can see that, that makes sense. Commercial is a little more disparate and complex. So I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on how you see that market unfolding as you work through some mixed markets this year. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So to your point, I'm going to -- I might go down here a little bit on how we look about the commercial transportation because, obviously, that market has 3 major drivers to it. Certainly, the on-road truck and bus, what's happening in agriculture equipment and also construction equipment, they're the 3 big levers. And when you think about that globally and production and our revenue, about half of our revenue is truck and bus. 
 What we're seeing on truck and bus right now is Americas and Europe, weak. Actually, China and Asia is recovering. So they were weak last year. So what we're actually seeing is very much a China-positive market that we expect will continue; certainly Western World down. And we even said in the call, we expect next quarter will be down a little bit sequentially due to some of these dynamics. 
 On the ag and the construction side around the world, that is slow everywhere around the world. Certainly, you get into financing rates and things like that, that's a little bit different. And we expect that, that will run through this year. And we are thinking that early next year, we'll get into a more constructive environment than we're in right now. But right now, we think, if you take all of them together, the global market is probably a minus 5% this year, plus or minus a little, and we would think that will get more constructive into '25. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. 
Matthew Sheerin: I had a question, Terrence, on the energy markets within your Industrial group. You've had strong growth there over the last few quarters, but it looks like it slowed in the March quarter, and you're hearing of some pockets of weakness from other parts of the supply chain. What's your outlook there, both near term and in terms of long-term position? 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, no, sure. Thanks, Matt. And on energy, what I would say is we're still very constructive on it. I think what you see in our results here is we continue to see the U.S. and Americas very strong. We also see global renewables where we play, and we do utility scale renewables, we do not do residential renewables, we see that strong. 
 The one pocket where I say we see a little bit of softness is around the utilities in Europe. I do think that's an element of the business that I talked about on my prepared comments that we've been a little bit of where I think utilities are bringing down inventory a little bit. But certainly, with the grid maintenance that everybody is investing in around the world, I think that will return to growth. So we're still constructive on global energy. And our business is very much -- Europe and the United States are the bigger elements of where we play. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shreyas Patil with Wolfe Research. 
Shreyas Patil: As we look out past this year and we think about some of the growth drivers in electrification, AI renewables, you've also got typical recoveries in parts of communication and eventually industrial equipment, how do we think about the sustained organic growth for TE overall? In the past, you've talked about 4% to 6% organic growth over time. I'm just curious how to think about what the reasonable framework for the company should be at this point. 
Terrence Curtin: I still think that's the right way to think about it. Certainly, we're going to have cycles. You take a year like this year where we are more flattish than growing at the 4% to 6%, but there will be areas, exactly around the point you made, where you could have some destocking or type effects that may be a headwind 1 year that will come back and be above that in the future. But I do think the 4% to 6% is the right way to think about when we think about the portfolio that's constructive. 
Operator: Today's final question will come from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. 
William Stein: I'm going to ask yet another question about AI. Terrence, my industry checks reflect that there's really about 3 companies that have meaningful content here, and TE is 1 of those 3. There's a couple or 2 others. Can you talk about the competitive dynamics among these 3, maybe your defensibility and your opportunity to push into their spaces? And also what makes the 3 of you more capable than others that sort of protects -- that maybe protect you against new entrants into this very attractive category? 
Terrence Curtin: No, thanks, Will. So first off being I think there's an element here when you deal with high speed, the 3 of us all have a very good capability. And when you sit there, we're all different. I mean some of us have different scale than others, but I do think that is the uniqueness. When you're getting to the speed levels of where these chips are going to, GPUs are going to, TPUs are going to, you're dealing with speeds that are very unique. That is a very technical innovation that I think we all do well. 
 And so I think it is a competitive space between us. I also think that you continually move up the technology curve. And you also have ramps that our customers expect to bring them to life for all, very important to our customers. And that's why we even said earlier to the question that I answered, I expect our share to be similar to what it was in the cloud. 
 So I think it's very important how we make sure what we do in the connectivity space, really make sure we enable the AI path because we do play an important role in it to really make sure it comes to life. And that's what we get excited about, Will. So it's a great opportunity we have. Certainly, it's a great opportunity for our industry to capitalize on as well. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Will. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning on the call. If you have any additional questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thanks again, and have a nice day. 
Operator: Today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern time today, April 24, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude the conference for today.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity First Quarter Results Call for Fiscal Year 2024. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's Q1 2024 results and outlook for our second quarter. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website te.com. Finally, during the Q&A portion of today's call, due to the number of participants, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question and you may rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thank you, Sujal, and we appreciate everybody joining us today. And I do also want to wish everybody a Happy New Year. As I normally like to do before we get into the slides, I do want to take a moment to discuss our performance this quarter along with what we're seeing in our markets versus our last call 90 days ago. We continue to be in a slow global economic environment. Against this backdrop, the performance of our markets is largely consistent with our expectations and it resulted in our first quarter sales being in-line with our guidance of flat revenue growth. Our Transportation segment once again grew year-over-year driven by content growth, and this offset the declines that we saw in our Industrial and Communications segments. Our teams execution was strong in the quarter with 20% year-over-year adjusted earnings per share growth, and this was driven entirely by adjusted operating margin expansion to 19%, and this was on flat sales. This margin performance demonstrates we're successfully executing on a number of structural margin improvement levers across our segments. Those levers drove margin expansion through the second half of last year and are resulting in the further step-up of margin performance, particularly in our Transportation segment. We expect to deliver strong margin expansion this year that will be driven by our Transportation and Communication segments based on what we're currently seeing in our markets. And just as important is the quality of our earnings and you see this in our record first quarter free cash flow of $570 million which builds on the strong cash performance from last year and that we expect will continue. During the quarter, we deployed approximately $1 billion of capital that included returning $600 million to shareholders as well as $350 million to acquire Schaffner. And Schaffner expands our product portfolio and factory automation. Our cash generation model continues to give us both confidence and opportunities to return capital to shareholders, while supporting ongoing bolt-on M&A activities. So, let me now share what we're seeing in our market since our call 90 days ago. As I mentioned already, on an overall basis, markets are playing out as we expected, and we also had orders growth of 4% year-over-year and this was across all three segments. We are seeing sales growth across the majority of our businesses, but we do have a few business units that are continuing to be impacted by inventory destocking by our customers and we'll highlight these during the call. Our view of the Transportation end markets remain unchanged from our prior view with global auto production expected to grow slightly this year. And while we're seeing some puts and takes in production by region, China production and EV adoption is stronger, and this is offsetting some weakness in Europe and in North America. In our Industrial Solutions segment, three out of our four businesses continue to have growth momentum, and we expect to continue to see sequential growth in each of these three businesses as we go forward. You see our strong positioning in renewable energy in both solar and wind applications. Commercial air sales continue to grow as production increases for both single and twin aisle platforms, and our medical business is benefiting from increases in interventional procedures. When you compare versus 90 days ago, the one market where we've seen incremental weakness is in our Industrial Equipment business. Destocking began a few quarters ago in this business and we now expect it to continue into the second half of this fiscal year. And lastly in our Communication segment, we continue to see destocking but what's really nice it's now just occurring in pockets. And we do expect to see growth in the second half of this year in our Communications segment driven by our wins in artificial intelligence programs. As we look forward, our long-term value creation model remains unchanged and is centered around three pillars. The first is our portfolio is strategically positioned around secular growth trends including growth in electric vehicles, adoption of renewable energy and applications for cloud and artificial intelligence, just to name a few. Second, we have operational levers to enable margin expansion despite a slow economic environment. The drivers encompass strong operational execution including footprint consolidation, portfolio optimization benefits and price actions that we implemented to offset higher input costs. And third, we've established a strong cash generation model to return capital to shareholders while investing in bolt-on M&A opportunities. So with that as an overview, let me get into the slides and I'd ask you to turn to slide three, and I'll discuss some of the additional highlights for the first quarter and our outlook for the second quarter and then Heath will provide more details in his section. Our first quarter sales were 3.83 billion, which was in-line with our guidance as I mentioned. In Transportation, we saw 5% organic growth driven by content expansion in our auto business. In Industrial, we saw growth in Aerospace, Defense and Marine, Medical and Energy, which was more than offset by weakness I talked about in industrial equipment. And finally, in Communications, it was down as we expected, but we are well-positioned for growth in the second half driven by AI applications. Adjusted earnings per share was ahead of our guidance at a $1.84 and this was up 20% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 19% and these were up 290 basis points year-over-year driven by strong operational performance, and the margin performance was the driver of our EPS being ahead of guidance. As we look forward to the second quarter, we're expecting our second quarter sales to increase over the first quarter to $3.95 billion with the sequential growth being driven by the Industrial segment partially offset by a slight decline in Transportation. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be around a $1.82 and this will be up 10% year-over-year in the second quarter with approximately 200 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion versus the prior year. So to move away from the financials for a second, and before I get into orders, I do want to highlight that we were pleased to be included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index this quarter for the 12th consecutive year. This designation continues to demonstrate TE's dedication to sustainable business practices that do provide value to our customers and that they expect and are aligned with our commitment to our owners. So now let's talk about orders and I'd ask you to turn to slide four. At the total company level, we had orders of $3.8 billion and this was up 4% year-over-year and consistent with our expectations. And what was really nice, this is the first time since after the COVID crisis in 2001 we've seen all three segments have year-over-year order growth. We continue to see stability in our overall order levels with year-over-year growth in each of the segments, and with backlog remaining at near record levels, and this gives us confidence in our second quarter outlook. Transportation orders grew 4% year-over-year and reflects stability in overall global vehicle production. In the first quarter auto production came in a little bit over 22 million units and we saw stronger production in China that offset some of the weakness in Europe and North America. Going forward we expect global auto production to be roughly 21 million units per quarter as we move through this fiscal year. In our Industrial segment, we saw growth in orders both year-over-year as well as sequentially. The order strength is driven by our AD&M Medical and Energy businesses, and we saw the weakness in Industrial Equipment end markets and this was across all regions of the world. And in our Communication segment, our orders grew 3% year-over-year, and like I said earlier, we do see destocking by our customers now only occurring in pockets in certain applications. So with that as an orders overview, let me now get into the year-over-year segment results that we saw in the quarter and that's on slides five through seven of your slide deck, and you can see the details on those slides. So starting with Transportation, overall the segment had sales growth and it was up 5% organically year-over-year driven by our auto business. Our auto business grew 8% organically with 13% growth in Asia and 7% growth in Europe and this more than offset a decline in North America. Our performance continues to be driven by content growth from our leading global position in electric vehicles as well as electronification trends within the vehicle. Our global outlook for electric vehicle growth is unchanged, and it's important to note that over two-thirds of EV production will occur in Asia. We are very well-positioned to capitalize on this growth due to our strong content and share in local Chinese OEM platforms that is driven by our innovation. Overall, our growth will continue to be driven by content outperformance that leverages our leading global position in the auto market. In the Commercial, Transportation business, we saw 1% organic sales growth and this was driven by Asia and it was partially offset by declines here in North America. And in our Sensors business about half of the sales decline that you see on the slide was driven by the portfolio optimization efforts we've been talking to you about, where we're continually to organically exit lower margin and lower growth products. The rest of the decline in Sensors was driven by weakness in sensor applications and industrial markets, partially offset by growth in automotive applications. For the Transportation segment, adjusted operating margins were nearly 21%. We expect Transportation segment margins to run approximately at our 20% target margins for the rest of this year. As you know, we've been driving several improvement and in our operations. We have been able to optimize our factory footprint through our restructuring programs and are getting cost savings from these actions. We are also seeing improvement in our EV product margins as volumes increase and in our Sensors business we have been driving margin expansion improvement through portfolio optimization which I mentioned earlier. Also I'd like to highlight that our teams are continuing to effectively manage pricing to offset higher input cost. We've been talking to you about all these actions and I'm pleased with you that the team successfully executing on them and delivering the strong results that you see. So that is a backdrop of Transportation. Let's move to the Industrial segment. And in the segment sales were down 5% organically in the first quarter, but we did see growth in three of our four businesses and we expect to see continued sequential growth in AD&M, Medical and Energy as we go into quarter two. In the first quarter our AD&M sales were up 13% organically with increased production of both single and twin aisle platforms in the commercial air market. In Medical, sales in the quarter were up 16% organically, driven by ongoing increases in interventional procedures. And in our Energy business, we saw growth in renewable applications and these were partially offset by slower utility demand in Europe. And finally, you can see on the slide, in the Industrial Equipment business, our sales were down 26% organically. And in this business, we're seeing the destocking that began a little bit later in the cycle. So we expect this inventory digestion to continue. And this is a trend that is similar to what you've been hearing from other companies. From a margin perspective, for the Industrial segment, adjusted operating margins were 15% with the impact from the volume decline in Industrial Equipment. And we expect to continue to see segment margins running in the mid-teens until this destocking environment improves. So let me turn to Communications. Organic sales were down 17% year-over-year and we expect the second quarter sales to be similar to the first quarter level. Starting in our third quarter, you will begin to see favorable year-on-year growth in this segment. We are well-positioned to grow in our artificial intelligence programs and now expecting $200 million of contribution in fiscal '24 from AI applications. And in these applications for artificial intelligence, let's face it, we're focused on providing high speed, low latency connectivity to meet the needs of the artificial intelligence workloads. And as we've mentioned to you before, we generate 50% more content in an accelerated compute AI platform versus traditional compute servers. Also we continue to work closely with cloud customers as well as leading semiconductor companies to ensure reference designs that call out all our solutions. On the margin front for the segment, adjusted operating margins were 18.7% and they were up 170 basis points despite the decline in sales. Our teams are executing extremely well and we now believe we'll be able to maintain the high-teen margin in this segment as we move through this year. So with that as an overview of performance, let me turn it over to Heath, to get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Well, thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide eight, where I will provide more details on the first quarter financials. Adjusted operating income was $731 million with an adjusted operating margin of 19.1%. GAAP operating income was $698 million and included $8 million of acquisition related charges and $25 million of restructuring and other charges. For the full year, our expectations are unchanged and we continue to expect fiscal '24 restructuring charges to be approximately $100 million which is well below the levels we've been running in prior years. Going forward, we expect that restructuring charges will be driven by actions to improve efficiency around future bolt-on acquisitions. Adjusted EPS was $1.84 and GAAP EPS was $5.76 for the quarter, which included a benefit of nearly $4 related to a one-time non-cash non-U.S. tax benefit, a change in the Swiss tax rate and the impact of intercompany transactions. Additionally, we had restructuring, acquisition and other charges of $0.07. The adjusted effective tax rate was 21.2% in Q1, slightly higher than our guidance due to an increase in the Swiss tax rate that I just mentioned. For the second quarter and for the full year, we now expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 21%. And importantly, as always, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year. Now let's turn to slide nine. Sales of $3.83 billion were flat on a reported basis and down 1% on an organic basis year-over-year. Adjusted operating margins were 19.1% in the first quarter, expanding 290 basis points year-over-year despite flat sales. And as Terrence mentioned earlier, this was driven by margin expansion in our Transportation and Communications segments. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.84 up roughly 20% year-over-year driven by the strong margin expansion. Turning to cash flow. Cash from operations was $719 million. Free cash was a first quarter record of $570 million. Also in the quarter, we deployed roughly $600 million to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends and also utilized roughly $350 million for the Schaffner acquisition. Our long-term capital strategy remains unchanged, which is to return approximately two-thirds of free cash flow to shareholders and use one-third for acquisitions over time. Before I turn it over to questions, let me reinforce some of the key points that we discussed today and share how we are thinking about our performance and what we expect to be a slow macro environment. We are continuing to take action on the things we can control to improve our financial performance and you see this reflected in our strong results for Q1 as well as our expectations going forward. On the topline we continue to benefit from secular growth trends and you see this in the outperformance we are delivering versus some of our key markets we serve. You have been seeing the benefits of our global leadership position in electric vehicles, but other growth applications like artificial intelligence are just getting started. Below the topline we are successfully executing on multiple operational levers, which have been discussed earlier on this call. As we move forward, our focus continues to be on margin expansion and earnings growth despite the slow macro environment. Finally, we remain excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us to drive value creation for all stakeholders. And with that, let's open up the call for questions.
Sujal Shah: Thank you. Can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning, and thanks very much for taking the question. Can you speak in more detail about what is better or worse than you'd previously been anticipating with respect to the quarter and outlook? And on the broader topic of what areas are changing versus your prior views, do you still think your auto business can outgrow auto production by mid-single digit percent or shifting EV production plans from auto OEMs impact that?
Terrence R. Curtin: Hi, Mark, thanks for the question. Let me start with the first part. As we said on the call, things overall pretty much came in as we expected here in the first quarter. And when you think of the topline, I think really the two moving parts we saw, one was that was better and one was that was a little worse. And the one that was better was we saw actually auto production was a little stronger, it was little bit over 22 million units and that's really driven out of China. And you all know the great China position we have and certainly capitalize on it. So that was a little bit better. The area that was a little bit worse is, our Industrial Equipment business. We highlighted back in our September quarter that we started to see some destocking, I would say that got incrementally worse both through our channel partners. We saw that which is where we indirectly touch customers and we also saw that to get a little bit deeper in Europe probably to call out a region a little bit. So they were on the topline, what was a little bit better or worse. On the bottom line and I know Heath, talked about and I talked about it, margin performance by our team was better and it was both in Transportation and Communications and that drove the EPS fee, and we had a little bit of a higher tax rate that the margin covered that. The second part of your question around auto content outperformance, I said on the pre-remarks that we do believe EV production is going to be up about 25% this year. It's really going to be driven, two-thirds of EVs are made in Asia. That's our largest region in automotive for our revenue and we're going to continue to capitalize on it. So while there are some places in North America and Europe you hear maybe the growth rates won't be as high, Asia had been making up for it and you will get the 4% to 6% outperformance that we always talked to you about. We feel good about that.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Terrence, maybe just a follow-up on your point about very strong margins, right, you really had very standout margins both at gross margin level and at operating margin level. Can you maybe parse a little bit about the impact that you saw from these actions you have taken, I think you alluded to a series of those restructuring footprint, EV mix and so on. And what do you think is sustainability of that and how that translates into segment margins for the rest of the year? Thank you so much.
Terrence R. Curtin: Hi, Wamsi, thanks for the question. I'm going to let Heath take that.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Wamsi, listen, there's we've talked here for a while about some of the journey that we've been on and we've taken some outsized restructuring charges over the past few years. Many of you have pointed out, it's not lost on us, but we're starting to see in a more meaningful way some of that footprint consolidation come into, to the benefit of our margins and obviously translates into earnings and most of that you do see in gross margins. So, Terrence, in the call, he mentioned execution, which we include footprint in there. There's also portfolio optimization moves that we've made in terms of Jettison low margin product lines and you'll continue to see a little bit of that as we move forward. Last year, we talked a lot about the price actions that we've put in place and those have stuck, and we continue to be very diligent on that. And then quite candidly in some of our businesses where we see stability versus where we've been running in the last few years that really creates an operating environment where you can take advantage of lower cost structures. And I think it's important as we think about the volatility that we've had over the last several years that has started to stabilize and where we play as part of many supply chains out there when we start seeing order patterns that are a little bit more consistent with our suppliers performing more consistently. It allows us to run our factories more consistently and you certainly saw that. The first quarter was probably a little overheated in Transportation because of the tick up in auto production north of 22 million units, but even as we bring down that to closer to the 21 million unit a quarter level, we still feel confident that we can run at the target margins for that segment Transportation being target margins of roughly 20%. So, we are making that statement on this call here today. For the Communications segment, we have been able to, I'll say improve the margins on a little bit lower revenue. We're not committing that we're going to be at 20% here yet which is the target margins for Communications at these revenue levels. This thing tick up, you should continue to see us in the high-teens from an operating margin perspective. And then Industrial, Industrial is right in the mid-teens and we would expect it to run in the mid-teens throughout the rest of this year. There's a couple of things at play there. Obviously, the elongated destocking situation in our Industrial Equipment business which is not just the largest piece of that segment, but also most profitable piece, does have the impact and we've talked about that in the last couple of quarters. And then we start layering in acquisitions that does have a dilutive impact. And the acquisitions are terrific opportunity for the growth of that business and opportunity that it presents for our stakeholders at the same time bringing the deal in generally comes in with diluted margins that we have to absorb and that's no different than what the Schaffner acquisition that we bring into it. So when you add all that up, Wamsi, we feel good that as we move through the year our operating margins at the TE level will have an eighteen handle in front of it, plus or minus will be humming better than we did in 2023 and feel good about the opportunities to move forward from that as we continue our journey.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Please go ahead with your question.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone. I guess my question really is around there's been a fair bit of worry around what end demand trends look like on a broader level. And I understand your commentary and what you're seeing is very stable compared to a lot of the semiconductor companies I think right now. But I'm hoping you can talk and help us understand, orders in December quarter are down sequentially in aggregate has been flat for [CIS] (ph). Is that a concern that perhaps that second derivative is starting to shift negatively? I'd love to understand how do you think about orders being down sequentially versus your broader commentary that things are fairly stable? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yes, sure, Amit. Thank you for the question and couple of things. First off being our orders were up in all the segments year-over-year by 4%. And I think you also not only have to look at orders, but we continue to have a backlog that's about $6 billion. So, I think we've communicated pretty consistently. We expect as the environment gets better that backlog will work down. I'll tell you we aren't seeing cancellations. So, I know some of the semi companies talk about that, but we have to realize, our products are very different than semiconductors. Lead times are a lot shorter and really the element during COVID, was we couldn't hit or lead times consistently we did not really extend lead times. So, when we look at the orders in the quarter like I said on the call they came in where we expected except for, Industrial Equipment was a little weaker. Otherwise, they came in where we thought they would be coupling the orders with the backlog. And I think you can continue to expect, we're probably going to backlog below one as the backlog continues to work down to get a little bit more normalized with service levels improving. I think from the backdrop when we think about Transportation. We do expect global auto production to come down from a little bit over 22 million units in the first quarter to 21 million units, and we think it will run at 21 million units for the year per quarter for the rest of this year to get to about 85 million units in total. In Industrial, you see sequential order increase which really is being driven by AD&M, Medical and Energy. So, you're continuing to see that and that supports why we believe we're going to have Industrial Solutions segment revenue increase. And in Communications, what's nice is we are seeing stability even though there are some pockets around enterprise applications, pure telecom applications. We aren't seeing a slowdown in artificial intelligence and cloud, but there are some pockets out there in the telecom and the enterprise that are still working some things off, but it feels like there's light at the end of that tunnel. So, I think the last thing is our guide for the second quarter is going up to $3.95 billion of revenue and it's really based upon both the orders of $3.8 billion plus the backlog that we see. And I think we've laid out how we're thinking about the world for the rest of the year.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your question.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. I had a tuning question about some of the channels. So, with the Industrial Equipment organics pretty steep. You seem to reference just the channel partners, really they are curious if you could juxtapose the actual end market on that specifically. And then in auto, any excess inventories in certain regions of the world, so curious?
Terrence R. Curtin: Thanks, Chris and good morning. So, let's break this apart because, yes, in the comments we do talk about destocking. We do not see destocking of our product in the automotive space at all. Our service levels are 90% plus on the ship to request, supply chain is flowing and honestly I think you see it in our results. So, in automotive we do not see destocking of our products. When you come to the destocking that we talk about and Chris you said it right, I think you have to think about TE's world and there's the world where we service our customers directly and then there's the world that we use our distribution partners to cover where we can't do directly. And in TE at the total company level, 80% of what we do, we cover directly. And honestly our revenue on that 80% in this quarter we just closed was up low-single-digit. So, that is where our supply chain is completely tied into our customers. And that's an indicator we look at around destocking. Now the piece that goes through our channel partners, and they are working down inventory that was down 14% in the quarter. And that's where you truly see that you see the biggest impacts in Industrial Equipment, you see it in appliances, you see it also in our data devices business where those business have upward to 50% of their revenue that go through distribution partners to get to their customers. So, that is really where we see the destocking occurring. One of the things that was nice this quarter, we saw that that inventory did not go up, leveled off, we do see in appliances, it has improved. I talked about D&D, it's in pockets, and Industrials later to the party of destocking, and I think that will take a little bit longer. But it's also the element ties back to Amit's question, when we're looking at our direct business levels with our customers, where we touch them directly, we have low-single-digit organic growth you exclude what goes through the channel partners. And I think, we'll continue to have destocking with us here especially in the Industrial Equipment business and that drives that big decline of organic growth, but that will get behind us at some point. And I think it also shows those areas that Heath, talked about where we're benefiting from electric vehicle, where we benefit from other content drivers is really allowing us to basically absorb the destocking we're doing and stay relatively flat.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on some of the earlier questions around EV penetration and auto outgrowth. The Q1 outgrowth came in below target levels despite still supportive price is what we would consider normalized. It sounds like there's not much destocking headwinds in there. So, is there -- is this just some pressure from softer EV penetration? Are there mix headwinds? Is it just that we shouldn't think about this on a one quarter basis? And then lastly, if China took share of global auto production in the quarter, is it fair to think that that's a headwind to outlook because I know it's a lower content than the U.S. and Europe? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yes, so a couple of things, Chris. First off on the content outperformance, I appreciate you saying what I'm going to say. Please don't look at it on an individual quarter basis. You will see times when it's way ahead. You'll see times when it's behind and I really think you have to look at it over a period of time because there is interplays between where we are and certainly getting to the OE. So, net-net you will see it, it does get into being on every platform in the world. Those are types of things you're going to get on a quarter a little bit off. We were about 300 basis points of outperformance in the quarter. So, it was a little bit below what we said, but also what I said on the call was we expect to be in that 4% to 6% range for this year is important. On your other part of, hey there's been a lot of noise around EV adoption and production. Our view of it's the same. And I just, I am going to stress as always, I know sometimes because we hear about U.S. car companies and European car companies. I'm going to ask us to really take it up a level and remember global car production is what matters to TE. There's going to be about 85 million cars made in the planet this year. The majority of them will be made in Asia. And I would also tell you when you look at EV adoption two-thirds of EVs are driven in Asia. And this is where our strongest region is, when you also think about those 20 million electric vehicles, whether that's a full battery electric, a plug-in hybrid, hybrids like a Prius that don't need to plug. You really got to sit there and go. Those 20 million units are bigger than USR and automotive production in the United States. So, I really ask us when we think about EV trend that need to be a global lens. And I was just in China last week, and when you're in China, you see EVs all around you, you can tell by their license plate color, they're green, they're different color than a normal license plate. And you see that where that adoption is going and you see it not only full battery electric, you see it in plug-in hybrids. And what's great is, we have share that is similar with the local OEMs as you do with the multinationals, and you see that in our growth and you also see when China production goes up, our revenues are a little bit stronger. So, the content of 4% to 6% hasn't changed. Our view of what EV adoption does for our content on a full battery electric it's about 2x, on a plug-in hybrid or hybrid is about 1.5 times are normal $70 that we would have on a nice vehicle, hasn't changed. And I think what's really great is our global business is really making sure we're bringing the innovation to life, and also serving our customers with their innovation to make it happen.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Please go ahead with your question.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could just dig into the Schaffner acquisition a little bit more in terms of what it adds to the industrial portfolio and what kind of sales and margin profile we should expect going forward from it? Thanks.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yes. Thanks Steven, good morning. And Heath and I'll hamming, this one. So, first off Schaffner, when we talk about bolt-on M&A for us is where areas that around areas we really want to be focused on from an application, we can drive value for our customers, but also can we acquire things that drive value for you as owners? And Schaffner is a great example of it. It is going to be in the factory automation space. Schaffner was a Swiss company and one of the things they do there, one of the global leaders in electromagnetic filter solutions and to keep it simple, it really is how do you have filters that when you're bringing power into factory automation application through the motors and the drives, you really keep that pure from interference. We already had a product line that did this. It was very much a U.S. product line with Schaffner, they were shown in Europe had a nice Asia presence and it really brings it together and that gets us deeper into factory automation. The revenue of it is about $40 million a quarter. It is something that we will improve the profitability up to the levels that we say. And Heath, I don't know if you want to add more to it.
Heath Mitts: No. I think Steve this is right down the middle of the fairway in terms of how we look at bolt-on deals and I kind of compare it and similar to the ERNI acquisition that we did in 2022 which was another industrial -- another business that rolled through our Industrial Equipment business unit within that segment. From a -- although it's going to contribute $40 million a quarter or so out of the gate, our focus is obviously driving where the value creation opportunity is and that's on getting the cost structure in-line with where we would think about things in a TE world as well as really focusing on the cash on cash return here. It's not going to be contributing much to EPS in the first year, no different than ERNI did, but following a similar trajectory to ERNI, it does really fit well within our margin expansion strategy and our ability to create cash on cash returns for our shareholders. So, I'd say in general it's, these are the nice size of deals wed like to do and it's a fragmented space still, so there's still opportunity to add things in this space, even if we have absorb some dilution in the margins at the segment level.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano from TD Cowen. Please go ahead with your question.
Joe Giordano: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Terrence R. Curtin: Hi, Joe. Good morning.
Joe Giordano: Hi, I just want to ask on the AI side within Communications. So you mentioned you have like a 50% content lift in these AI type applications now. I'm just curious how much of what's being built for AI is simply replacing stuff that otherwise would have been built before AI? So its like, if you're doing $200 million of AI related content in 2024, is that essentially like replacing what would have been like $133 million of content of older type stuff and like the more of than last year?
Terrence R. Curtin: So couple of things, Joe. What you're talking about is more cannibalization that goes into where capital gets deployed. I would say you're still going to see servers deployed that will support AI. What we're trying to really get out there is, what is the increased content to support the workload? So when you sit there, I won't assume that it completely cannibalizes everything, but what's really nice with the innovation that we bring and how these workloads are set up on the GPUs and the TPUs, it really creates a higher revenue level that we expect as AI continues to ramp. And when you think about our year and I said it on the call early on, we think we're about $200 million this year of AI revenue. It will continue as program launches occur, build throughout the year and probably 60% plus will be in the second half versus what's in the first half. And we'll get the growth in our Communications segment in the second half of our year.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my question and Happy New Year as well. I was actually going to follow-up on the previous question on Communication and AI. You're now indicating a $200 million contribution from the AI piece of the business, you raising that, I mean, now from $150 million. Whats the driver of the raise? Is it more capacity or demand? And then you've talked about a $1 billion order booked in the past. How has that pipeline continued to expand? And as you see that revenue come through, what are the implications on margins for the Communications segment? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin: So, hi, Samik, thanks for the question. First off being when you look at that it is the increased element is demand and wins. To the second part of your question the $1 billion is in excess of $1.3 billion. So, we continue to have momentum on that. And as Heath, sort of said, when we think about margins as that comes in, we're going to be in the high-teens for that segment. So, even on a little bit lower revenue than we said before, we're going to be in the high-teens this year in the Communication segment as that comes in.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Samik. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Luke Junk from Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Sujal Shah: Sorry, Luke, are you there? Why don't we go to the next question and we'll have Luke rejoin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Terrence, I wanted to circle back on the Industrial sub segments. You really just called out the factory automation, industrial automation area, it's being weak on the destocking, other markets growing. But we are hearing from other suppliers and EMS companies have some slowing demand and inventory issues across pockets of medical and even some of the renewable energy areas. Could you give us a read on what you're seeing in terms of inventory and is that more of a direct to OEM sales so there's not as much noise in the channel?
Terrence R. Curtin: Yes, Matt, thanks for the question. Couple of things, first off being in Medical, and that is a direct sale, it's very similar to how we serve automotive. There's not much it goes through the channel there, not much it goes to EMS either. So, where we served thats market is very much the big interventional players of the world and you can see like our growth was double-digit very strong and in-line with where interventional procedures are growing double digits. So, we don't see that. In the Energy where we play in service in utilities and on the renewables, I would tell you we saw wind can slow a little bit more due to financing and I would say then I would say destocking, but we continue to see acceleration in solar applications and any weakness that we've seen in the energy business has really been around utility spending primarily in Europe. We did see a little bit of slowness of utility spending on their grids in Europe and that's why you saw the growth rate being a little bit lower than what we expected to be middle and longer term in that middle high-single-digit.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of William Stein from Truist Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I think you all have done a very good job on the margins this quarter, posting some pretty solid upside. You've explained it a little bit, but I'm hoping you can linger on this a little bit more. We know you had these aspirational goals. You had this significantly better than expected or better than guided quarter. And maybe that's sort of the question that I have. Is this a matter of having achieved some goals earlier than you expected, some things you thought might take several quarters, wind up being realized earlier? Or are we just looking at a higher level of profitability and we'll continue to see some improvement from this point? And what changed, you've been pursuing these, all the things you talked about, you've been pursuing them for a while, suddenly we get this upside. Did something change in this regard in the quarter? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Well, listen, I think certainly we went into the quarter expecting auto production builds of about 21 million units and we stated that last quarter. We came in north of 22 million and it shows that when you get the cost structure and the fixed cost base and the number of rooftops in the right location to the right number that you can really leverage that incremental volume. And that's really what we saw on the Transportation side within the, therell be auto business there. So, as we come back down to about 21 million units a quarter production, global production, we do expect to be able to hold to that target margins. But there's a lot of different levers involved there. It's getting the cost structure right and then obviously having a more stable environment to be able to plan towards and deliver towards. And all of those things came together nicely in the quarter, but I feel good about these volume levels that we'll be able to hold to our target margins. And I think that's just part of this journey that we've been on. If you go back last several years even coming through the pandemic driven market, we've been running well below 85 million units globally in terms of auto production. And now that we're starting to get back up to that we're starting to see the benefit. Weve said that getting to target margins for our Transportation business would require a couple of things one of which was a bit more volume market support there and we're certainly starting to see that. So, we're able to get there a little faster. Some of that was market support. Some of it was getting the cost structure in place a little bit faster as we've taken some facilities off in within our auto world offline in Western Europe and seeing the benefit of that. When you get into communications, we're running a little bit hotter there. But again it's having that structure in the right place and being able to execute. So, I wouldn't call out and give relevant to size of the segment that can swing out around a little bit. But we feel good about where we are margin wise. And most of this upside that you're referring to is driven out of the Transportation business.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Luke Junk from Baird, once again. Please go ahead with your question.
Luke Junk: Great. Can you hear me now?
Sujal Shah: Yes.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yes, we can Luke. Thanks for coming back on.
Luke Junk: Okay. Yes, great. Sorry about the technical issues there. Terrence, just hoping you could comment on your ability to hold the line on neutral pricing in Transportation Solutions, especially in automotive this year. I guess if we look around the neighborhood, there are some companies talking about getting back to price downs. Just for TEL specifically, if you could talk about some of the factors that are helping me to keep that neutral pricing outlook that you had outlined earlier?
Terrence R. Curtin: Hi, Luke, thanks for the question. I think when you look at it, I think one of the things we got to start with is what's happening with input cost and certainly we are not seeing a massive inflationary environment, but we're also not seeing a massive deflationary environment. Copper very important from a conductor and important connector and important moving both data and power around vehicle or any application, it's still up year-over-year. Certainly other things, we have freight down, but net-net, we're still seeing a pretty net neutral world. When it comes to input cost and you know how hard we worked to recover the inflationary costs and some of the things that help the margin that we're talking about today. But very honestly, we're talking to our customers about where the costs are and as we went through this our strategy has always been with our customers to recover the cost and that's what we did. So, I think there will be an element, well be very driven on where the input costs at will dictate pricing. And that's been our approach and we've been very consistent as we communicate that to you across all our businesses.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Shreyas Patil from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Shreyas Patil: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. I guess maybe following up on the last question. Maybe just to clarify, do you feel that if we were to eventually get to maybe a normalization of pricing, I think typically For TEL, you see price downs of maybe 1% or 2%. At the moment, it appears maybe pricing is up 1%, there's enough restructuring or other cost actions where you can still sustain that 20% margin that you're talking about going forward? And then maybe also just curious how to think at a high level about the relative profitability in the auto business between the EV and kind of existing ICE product? Just as we think about if potentially there were to be some kind of slowdown globally in EV adoption? Thanks so much.
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure. Couple of things. Yes, no, First off being, in whatever our normal environment is assuming there's deflation we can drive certainly there would be productivity we would want to get back to our customers to make sure they're competitive. That was the environment we always articulate when we said we would be around 20% margin. So we never said when we've always talked to you about this, we need price increase to get to our 20% margin. The pricing we've done is to recover cost in a pretty dramatic inflationary environment over the past two to three years and we did it on a lag. So, it did impact our margin early on when we saw the acceleration. So, I don't think that we start seeing deflation again materials, you could see a little bit of price back, but we're not there yet. And I'm sure we'll continue to talk about it. On ICE vehicles versus EV vehicles, I think there's two elements we have to be honest about. Half of our content that is on an electric vehicle is the same content that is on ICE vehicle. So, the profitability of those products are same whether it's an ICE vehicle or an electric vehicle because that's a low voltage architecture that carries over and doesn't drive the powertrain. For the element that is the high power products, we've been scaling that up and what we've said is we're going to continue to move the profitability of those product lines up to the segment average. We've made tremendous progress. It's still at lower scale than the ones that go over 85 million vehicles. But the progress that the team made has also been the contributor to where our margin is in Transportation. So, the team has done a nice job as we scale that versus when we were just investing and there were very few electric vehicles made. So, we saw the opportunity to increase there but the gap is closed significantly.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Shreyas. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant from Citigroup. Please go ahead with your question.
Asiya Merchant: Great. You guys have done a great job on margins. And most of the questions on that have been answered. If I could just talk about your free cash flow generation, how we should think about that going forward given margins are expected to be here at this level? And any thoughts you can have on M&A as you guys think about it for the remainder of the fiscal year? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Sure. First of all, thank you for the question on cash flows, always near and dear to my heart. We did have a good start to the year with our free cash flow which was further momentum from the strong free cash flow we had in FY2023 and sets us up well on the balance sheet side. As we -- our guidance for the year which is really not a specific number for cash but it's really unchanged which is that we feel good about the 100% cash conversion to net income that we had achieved largely in FY2023 and how we maintain that momentum moving forward. So, we've done some things and sometimes we had flat working capital at different periods of time but the rigor is there and our ability to maintain particularly payables receivables inventory levels in addition to our CapEx spending and then what we have to fund for restructuring tends to be the different levers that we that we pull. But we feel good with where the momentum is relative to that and where we're going to land for the first half of our fiscal year. In terms of the M&A environment, that's again largely unchanged. There's things that are active out there. Some things are more interesting than others. The Schaffner deal because it was a Swiss public company it was announced early on and we got that across the finish line here in December. But there's a lot of other things that are more private in nature that are going through various processes that you know again things that we have to make sure that it's the right strategic fit for us that we're the right owner for it even if it fits our strategy and then that the numbers work. And at any given time, you probably expect us to be looking at about a half a dozen deals. Not all of those get close to the finish line. So but it is an active environment we have seen as we've moved through the count, moved across the threshold in the calendar year that activity is starting to pick up some. So, I'd like to be able to think that we can get another deal or two done in our fiscal year. But as always, you have to stay tuned.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Asiya. Can we have next question, please?
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Sujal Shah: Okay.
Operator: I do apologize. We do have one final question from Mr. Colin Langan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Colin Langan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just one follow-up, you didn't talk about tax. I think you mentioned on the call the rate is about 21% going forward was a bit higher than you've seen historically. How should we think about that going forward? Is that a permanent rate, is that impacting some of the changes on global minimal tax or can that be kind of brought down over time?
Heath Mitts: Well, Colin thanks for the question. The change from our original guided rate last quarter was went into our fiscal year of 20%. We've increased that to 21% and that was very specific to the Swiss tax rate going up sooner than what we had anticipated. And so we have to absorb that and put it through our financials as well. As we move forward there's a lot of moving parts relative to the global minimum tax that different jurisdictions will be enacting at different time periods. Some of those are more meaningful than others. There's tax planning that you would expect us to have underway that we would think about not just from how things that we can do to work down our ETR but also probably more importantly how do we protect ourselves from the cash tax rate. And so there's nothing to report there today because there's a lot of unknowns out there. But there's a lot of activity underway to try to anticipate and look around the corner there. So, to answer your question I think 21% is a good rate to work on going forward and we'll continue to work to mitigate any pressures.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Colin. Thanks, Colin. We appreciate everyone joining us this morning, if you have additional questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thanks again, and we hope everyone has a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. Today's conference will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 A.M. Eastern Time today, January 24th, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude the conference for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Everyone thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Fourth Quarter and Final Year Results Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full year results for fiscal 2023 and outlook for our first quarter of fiscal 2024. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. I also want to remind you that our Q4 results in fiscal 2022 included an extra week. In this call, year-over-year income statement and orders comparisons for Q4 and fiscal 2023 are made excluding this extra week. You will find related reconciliations in the press release and presentation tables. Finally, during the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question, and you may rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal and we appreciate everyone joining us today. And to start off, I am pleased with what -- that we delivered revenue in line with our guidance and earnings per share that was ahead of guidance, driven by strong execution by our teams across our segments in what continues to be a dynamic market environment. Before we get into the slides, I do want to take a moment to discuss our performance for the full year, along with what we're seeing in the markets versus our last call. When we look back on fiscal 2023, we set out to accomplish three key initiatives that we shared with you. First was to continue to demonstrate the strategic positioning of our portfolio through alignment to secular growth trends. Second was to deliver strong free cash flow with a focus to drive down inventory levels. And lastly, to improve our margin performance through both cost reduction and pricing actions to offset inflation. As Heath and I will discuss on today's call, our teams executed successfully on all of these initiatives during the year, and it sets up for a good jumping off-point as we enter 2024. When we think about the performance of the portfolio, our results demonstrated continued growth in the Transportation and Industrial Solutions segments, which offset market weakness in Communications and headwinds from a stronger dollar. We generated growth above the market and a number of our businesses as we continue to benefit from secular trends, including increased global production of electric vehicles, adoption of renewable energy, and applications for cloud as well as artificial intelligence. We delivered record free cash flow of $2.4 billion for the year which represents over 110% conversion, and we also returned $1.7 billion to shareholders for the year. We drove down our inventory levels in response to improvements in our supply chain. And at the same time, we improved our service levels to our customers. Our cash generation model gives us both confidence as well as opportunities to return capital to shareholders and support bolt-on M&A activities which is aligned with our use of capital strategy. We also worked to drive margin expansion in the second half of 2023, and we delivered on this commitment. We improved our exit rate on adjusted operating margins to above 17% as we close the year, despite our Communications segment being in the bottom of the cycle. Now, let me share what we're seeing in our market since our last call 90 days ago. And on an overall basis, markets are playing out as we expected. We have most of our key end markets on a growth or recovery trajectory with a few markets continuing to cycle as we previously discussed with you. Our view of Transportation end markets remains consistent with our prior view with global auto production remaining stable. Our growth will continue to be driven in Transportation by content outperformance that leverages our leading global position in this market. In our Industrial segment, three out of our four businesses continue to have growth momentum. You see our strong positioning in renewable energy with growth from both wind and solar applications. Commercial air sales continue to grow as this market recovers, and our medical business is benefiting from increases in interventional procedures. And in our Communications segment, while sales are down significantly versus last year's cyclical peak, we saw a sequential growth in orders in our fiscal fourth quarter due to early ramps of artificial intelligence programs and we continue to expect volume growth from AI applications as we move through 2024. And finally, I do want to reinforce that the way that we think about long-term value creation remains unchanged. It is built on the pillars of secular growth trends that will drive increased content in the markets where we position TE, strong free cash flow generation with discipline around how we deploy capital and certainly levers up to enable margin expansion as we move forward. So, with that as an overview, I'd answer that you turn to Slide 3, and I'll get into the presentation and I'll discuss some additional highlights for the fiscal fourth quarter as well as the full year, and Heath will get into more details during his section. Our fourth quarter sales were $4 billion, which was in line with our guidance. Transportation segment organic growth of 5% was offset by declines in Communications due to the ongoing market weakness that we've been discussing. Adjusted earnings per share was ahead of our guidance and up 2% versus the prior year at $1.78 with adjusted operating margins of 17.3%. Cash flow from operations was a very strong $1.1 billion and free cash flow was $945 million in the fourth quarter, and both of these were quarterly records for the company and I think this just reinforces a strong execution by our teams, I already highlighted. For the full year, sales of $16 billion were flat on a reported basis, and we had organic sales that were up 3%, and this 3% organic growth was driven by our Transportation and Industrial segments. Adjusted operating margins were 16.7% for the full year. But on the margin side, the real highlight was that we expanded adjusted operating margins by 120 basis points from the first half to the second half of the year due to our team's execution. As we look forward into the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we are expecting that first quarter sales will be $3.85 billion and adjusted earnings per share to be around $1.70. On a year-over-year basis, we expect sales to be flat with organic growth in our Transportation and Industrial segments. We do expect adjusted EPS expansion of over 10% in the first quarter and strong margin expansion as well year-over-year. So, if you could turn to Slide 4, let me discuss order trends and what we've seen. We continue to benefit from markets with strong secular growth trends, and this is offsetting weakness in markets that are cycling or being impacted by inventory destocking. At the total company level, we continue to see stability in our order levels. Orders of $3.9 billion in the fourth quarter were consistent with order levels for the past several quarters, and our backlog remains near record levels. Transportation orders grew both year-over-year and sequentially, reflecting ongoing stable global auto production. Industrial order patterns reflect some seasonality across this segment as well as ongoing destocking in the Industrial Equipment end markets And I ask you to keep in mind that 50% of our Industrial Equipment business does go through the distribution channel, and we expect that destocking here to continue for the next couple of quarters. In the Communications segment, while we continue to see our customers work down inventory in their supply chain, we had our second consecutive quarter of sequential order growth which is being driven by new orders for artificial intelligence applications. So, with that as an overview of orders, let me now get into year-over-year segment results in the quarter. that are shown on Slides 5 through 7, and you can see the details on each one of those slides. So, starting with Transportation. Our sales growth remained strong. It was up 5% organically year-over-year, and it was driven by our automotive business. In our automotive business, we grew 9% organically with growth in all regions. Our performance continues to be driven by our leading global position in electric vehicles, electronification trends within the vehicle as well as positive impact from pricing. In fiscal 2023, electric vehicle and hybrid-electric vehicle production grew globally by approximately 40%. Most of this growth was driven by Asia, and we expect this region to continue to be the growth driver for electric vehicles. As you know, we generate approximately 2x the content in electric vehicle platforms versus combustion engine vehicles. So, we expect our content per vehicle to continue to expand as we move forward. Overall, we expect auto production next year to be about 21 million units per quarter with continued growth in hybrid and electric vehicle production. In our Commercial Transportation business, we did experience a 7% sales decline, which was in line with what we expected and was driven by market weakness in both North America as well as China. And in our Sensors business, we saw growth in automotive applications that was offset by weakness in industrial applications. At the margin level for the Transportation segment, adjusted operating margins were 18.4% as we expected and up 170 basis points year-over-year as our teams executed on the cost and price actions that we've been highlighting to you. Now, let me discuss the Industrial Solutions segment. And while sales were flat in the fourth quarter, I think what's really nice as you look at the slide is that we have three businesses that are continuing on a very good growth trajectory. Our Aerospace, Defense and Marine sales were up 14% organically, with ongoing improvement in the commercial air market. In Medical, sales in the quarter were up 19% organically, driven by ongoing increases in interventional procedures. And in our Energy business, as you know, we positioned this business around renewables, and you're seeing the benefit of this again this quarter with 6% organic growth. Finally, in the Industrial Equipment business, our sales were down 21% organically driven by the continued inventory digestion in the distribution channel, a trend that is similar to what you're hearing from other companies. Adjusted operating margins were 15.9% in the quarter, reflecting the impact of expected volume declines in the Industrial Equipment business. So, let's turn to Communications, and while our organic sales were down 27% year-over-year, they were up 9% sequentially to $463 million. We are seeing the benefits from the early ramps of artificial intelligence programs, which will strengthen as we move through 2024 and beyond. Adjusted operating margins were 15.3% for the segment and an increase of over 100 basis points sequentially. And as we see destocking and AI increases in volume, you'll see margins expand in this segment as we move through 2024. So, with that, let me turn it over to Heath, who will get into more details on the financials as well as our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on the fourth quarter and fiscal 2023 financials. Sales of $4 billion were flat on a reported basis year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $699 million with an adjusted operating margin of 17.3%. GAAP operating income was $635 million and included $57 million of restructuring and other charges and $7 million of acquisition-related charges. For the full year, restructuring charges were approximately $260 million, which were in line with expectations. Our restructuring efforts over the last several years have enabled a more efficient operating footprint, while continuing to localize to support our customers in the regions of the world where they operate. I expect restructuring charges to decline significantly in fiscal 2024 and to be approximately $100 million for the year. Adjusted EPS was $1.78 and GAAP EPS was $1.75 for the quarter and included a noncash tax-related benefit of $0.16 related to a decrease in the valuation allowance. Additionally, we had restructuring, acquisition and other charges of $0.19. The adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 19% in both Q4 and fiscal 2023, which was as expected. For Q1 and for fiscal 2024, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be roughly 20%. And as always, importantly, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year. Turning to Slide 9 for additional information on our full year performance. Fiscal 2023 sales were $16 billion, while sales were flat year-over-year, we had 9% organic growth in Transportation segment and the Industrial segment grew 5% organically despite the softening in the Industrial Equipment business. However, the growth in these two segments was offset by roughly $1 billion of headwinds from the cyclical weakness in the Communications segment that we've discussed, combined with the impacts from the stronger dollar. Stronger dollar negatively impacted sales by approximately $430 million versus prior year. And due to the further strengthening of the dollar against other currencies, we expect year-over-year currency exchange headwinds of approximately $250 million in fiscal 2024. Adjusted operating margins were 16.7% for the full year with margin expansion of 120 basis points from the second half of the year -- I'm sorry, 120 basis points from the first half to the second half of the year driven by both cost reduction initiatives and price increases. And this was most evident in our Transportation segment, our margins expanded over 200 basis points from the first half to the second half, exiting the year in the mid-18% range. At the company level, we exited the year with adjusted operating margins of 17.3%, and we expect to expand from this level in fiscal 2024. Adjusted EPS was $6.74 and included a $0.45 headwind from currency exchange rates. Turning to cash, we generated record free cash flow of approximately $2.4 billion in fiscal 2023, and with roughly $1.7 billion returned to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. Free cash flow was up 35% year-over-year with over 100% conversion to adjusted net income, and we expect to generate approximately 100% free cash flow conversion going forward. I am pleased with the progress our team has made in reducing inventory levels through the year, which contributed to our strong free cash flow. Our cash generation model, coupled with our strong balance sheet will enable us to continue to be aggressive with capital return to shareholders while pursuing bolt-on acquisitions, including the Schaffner acquisition that we expect to close at the end of this quarter. Before I turn it over to questions, let me reinforce some of the key points that we discussed today. While markets remain dynamic, we are continuing to take action on the things we can control to improve our financial performance. We worked hard to get to a better exit rate on margins at the end of the year but we still have work to do to get to our business model of margin targets. We do expect to make progress on further margin expansion and EPS expansion this year. Most of our end markets have a growth or recovery trajectory and we expect the destocking that we have seen to improve as we go forward. Our balance sheet is solid. We are demonstrating our strong cash generation model, and we remain excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us to drive value creation for all stakeholders. So, with that, let's open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Audra, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning and thanks for taking my question. There's been so many crosscurrents and various end markets including in the UAW strike, inventory destocking in industrial and content opportunities like AI and electrification. So, I'm hoping you could help us better understand in a bit more detail key trends by end market and what you expect going forward, including your assumptions by end market in 1Q guidance?
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks Mark. So, let's talk about quarter four first a little bit because we went through a lot there and I think when you look at on the top line, it came in exactly as we expected. What was a little bit better than we would have expected, certainly, automotive, where we had growth in all three regions of the world as well as in our D&D and our Communications segment was a little bit stronger due to the ramps of artificial intelligence that I mentioned in my comments. The area that was a little bit weaker was Industrial Equipment. And we highlighted for you last quarter, we were seeing some inventory destocking around channel partners. I would say that was a little bit worse and we think that's going to be with us for a little bit. And then certainly, we were head on EPS, and that was really driven on the conversion side in all operational. When you look at quarter one and our guide, in many ways, it's going to look a lot like quarter four. We're going to continue to have growth in Transportation. Three strong markets in industrial with the inventory stocking and Industrial Equipment. And then you still have some tough compares that we have in the Communications segment, but net-net, it's going to be flat on the top line year-over-year, and you're going to see margin that looks like the fourth quarter, and you're going to see really nice EPS growth year-over-year, that's 10%. So, orders have been coming in as we expected this quarter to 3.9, have been stable even with some of the destocking we're seeing, orders are staying stable. And I think that just shows the trends that you highlighted as we go into 2024. So, thanks for the question, Mark.
Sujal Shah: Hey thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: We'll go to Wamsi Mohan at Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Terrence, can you sort out some of the puts and takes in autos, given all the recent news around the D3 companies paring back on EV ambitions and potentially slower adoption rates of EVs? And also, you didn't explicitly call out the UAW strike. Did you not see any impact? Or is it yet to come in terms of any impact from that? Thanks so much.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Wamsi for the question. And you really had two very different questions there. So, let me take the latter part first, around the UAW. UAW impact on TE's negligible both in what, in the fourth quarter as well as the first quarter. And just to remind everybody, our global position is what's special about our automotive business. 80% of our business is outside the United States. And let's face it, that has no impact from the UAW. So, when you sit there, I don't -- we did not talk about it because it did not have a significant impact, and we don't expect it to have a significant impact in the first quarter. Now, let's move on to your EV question. And probably similarly, I'm going to remind everybody that we need to make sure when we think about EVs. EVs got up to 20 million units produced globally this year with two-thirds of those EVs made in Asia. And once again, reinforcing our global position. And EV adoption is never going to be a complete straight line up to the right. But what's really nice is you see with 20 million units made and on the road, the technology is working. It is being adopted. And the other thing you have is you certainly have consumers have choices and some EVs consumers are going to like, some EVs they're not going to like. And I think when you think about our opportunity, it is to build upon how the content opportunity that goes up that you saw this year -- and when as EVs grow next year, we're going to continue to get that. And in a full electric vehicle, we get 2x the content of a combustion engine. If it's a hybrid vehicle, it's about 1.5x. And we expect you're going to continue to see electric vehicles grow globally again next year. Maybe it won't be a 40% clip like this year, but it will increase next year. And let's face it in Asia, the biggest market is China. And China EV sales this year are up over 30%. On top of that, I'll remind you that China local OEMs have over 50% market share. They've continued to gain share versus Western OEMs. And what's really nice for TE, our content on a local EV by China OEM is strong, and our market share is strong. So, we don't have the phenomena we only are with the multinationals and not the local OEMs. So, feel very good about our position. I feel that EV trend is going to continue to have production growth globally as well as you're going to see that benefit like you saw this year and for the past couple of years, it's going to drive top line growth opportunity for TE as well.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. Wamsi -- thanks Wamsi. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to Steven Fox at Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering if you could dig in a little bit more into free cash flows. Obviously, you guys overperformed over 10%. Can you just talk about some of the dynamics that went into that? And then the expectations for cash flow this year, any of the dynamics and maybe talk a little bit about use of excess cash. It seems like it's -- the strategy is the capital allocation is consistent, but you did do an acquisition during the quarter. So, maybe that was [indiscernible]. Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Well, Steve, thanks for the question. This is Heath. I'll take it. So, we talked a fair amount about free cash flow during the year, and it was during our fiscal 2023, and it was a focal point for us internally as well as what we've talked to you about. We know that we had to deal with the supply chain issues in the prior couple of years and we had to buffer some inventory as part of that. As we went into this year and as demand flow and so forth begin to stabilize and then our supply chain with our vendors begin to stabilize some. It allows us the opportunity to get really focused on driving working capital down despite some of the market conditions. So, I'm pleased with how we did, how we finished the year, but also provides some confidence as we go into FY 2024, which we're in right now, starting here in October that we're going to be able to maintain that momentum. The 112% conversion that we did in FY 2023 was a little rich, If I am being honest, it's a little bit richer than I would have thought we would have finished, but proud of our performance. As we think about 2024, I'm confident we can cover around a 100% mark in terms of cash conversion, which is a bit of a step-up from where we historically have trended. And it does avail a lot of optionality for us. You mentioned, Steve, that our capital allocation strategy is unchanged, and that is absolutely true. You should expect that we will continue to be diligent with the cash flow that's available to us. We will get back to our shareholders as appropriate and step up repurchase activity where it makes sense and when there's dislocations in the market relative to valuations. And so I don't think there's anything there that's different. You mentioned the acquisition we have coming up at the end of December. That's about a $300 million use of cash that will come off the balance sheet. But we also expect to be generating cash as we go along here in the first quarter as well. So yes, it's very, very positive momentum along those lines. Hopefully, I answered your question.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll move next to Chris Snyder at UBS.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to ask on supply chain inventory levels. You guys have been pretty consistent around destock headwinds for data appliance and industrial equipment. So, I guess maybe for those three sub verticals, can you just talk about where are we in the respective destock cycles. And beyond those three, is there anywhere else maybe where you're starting to see more risk around destock relative to three or six months ago? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: No, thanks for the question, Chris. And I think let's talk about destocking a little bit. So, first off, is, as you all know, being a Tier 2, this is not a phenomenon that isn't uncommon. And after you get strong cycles, you will have this. But I do think there's -- when you think about these three -- there is one thing they have in common, which is close to 50% of their sales go through our distribution partners. And let's face some of these are fragmented markets that they help us cover. So, when you think about the three, that's about -- while it's big for their business units, total TE is only about 20% goes through the channel. And the one thing I want to highlight maybe the last part of your question is where else are we seeing it? Actually, for the 80% of our business that we touch customers directly, it's very stable, and we're growing. So, when you think about the 80% that we aren't highlighting, it's really -- that's where we touch the customers most directly, and we have growth. Now, we have these destocking pockets that certainly very much with our distribution partners that, hey, they fill the need when maybe we weren't delivering as consistently as we should have during the supply chain challenges he talked about. So, when you look at those three, what I would tell you where we are, what hitting we're in -- and hey, this is best guess stuff. What's nice is in both D&D and appliances, usual our orders have increased sequentially. So it feels like we're stable at the bottom. And what's nice in D&D, you see the driver of AI as those move up. In regard to industrial equipment, that started later. We started to highlight that to you over the past couple of quarters. I would say we're more in the middle of innings of that. And I think both of them will be around in the first part of next year. But then I also view that they'll turn into a tailwind once they get behind us, and we don't expect major destocking elsewhere into how we have our direct relationship with our customers.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll move next to William Stein at Truist Securities.
William Stein: Hey thanks for taking my question. I understand you're only guiding for a quarter, but I'd like to sort of give you an opportunity to help us sensitize our models as we consider what the trajectory will be in 2024 in terms of revenue growth and margin expansion? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Will. And I guess one part of it, let me talk about it maybe how we think about some of the trends we position ourselves out, knowing that we aren't guiding beyond the first quarter, and I'll let Heath maybe talk about margin. So, first one is similar to this year, where we have the secular growth trends, they really were the things that helped us cover some of the destocking, things that we dealt with and I think they'll be evident again next year. So, first off, if you start with our largest segment, Transportation, we're sort of viewing auto production is going to be around 21 million units a quarter, so mid-$80 million production. And I think what you're going to see is our business model that we've shared with you once again demonstrated this year, we continue to expect four to six points of outgrowth versus the market due to the content we're going to get, and that's going to be driven by our leading position in EV, also ongoing electronification trends in the vehicle that will benefit from. And so that's where we sort of see Transportation. In our Industrial segment, and I know I mentioned it on the call, we have three markets that have really good growth momentum. We expect them to continue. You get places like comm air. We're still in recovery mode. And [indiscernible] as it grows, we have more content on that, so thats good. And then in Communications, I would tell you the growth will really be driven by these AI ramps that we've highlighted to you, and we think they'll build up as we go through the year and they can be well over $100 million of incremental revenue contribution through the year. Now, one thing I just talked about, back to Chris' question on destocking, de-stockings affecting three of our businesses, that's going to be with us in the early part of the year. That will come to an end. I mean you can probably make as good of a judgment as I can on when that will end. So, that's certainly there. And then the only last two pieces that probably I would highlight. First one being, and Heath talked about it, the dollar strengthening is going to be a headwind into next year. We have a big headwind this year, probably going to be about $250 million next year. And then the last thing I would just say is right now, with where input costs are in the world, we would expect pricing at total TE to be net neutral next year. There are elements where metals and things like that are still elevated. There are some places where you have the deflationary impacts and no different than what inflation drove us to do in pricing. Input costs will be the driver of price going forward. So, with that, I guess that's some of the ways that you can think about it.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Will. Can we get the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Amit Daryanani at Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I have one and, I guess, Terrence and Heath, either one of you. You've also made some really good progress in terms of expanding your operating margins in the back half of fiscal 2023. But I'm curious, as you think about the exit rate of operating margins across the three segments. Can you maybe talk about what does it take for TEL to get to your target margins across those three segments -- the delta from where you are to targeted you made. Is it volume? Is it cost optimization? Would love to get a sense on the path from here towards those target margins. Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Okay. Amit, this is Heath and I'll certainly take this. We highlighted on the call, and you just referenced it as well, that we exited the year in a better position over the second half of fiscal 2023, than our first half performance. And just candidly, we were not pleased with our margin performance in the first half of the year, and there was a lot of work involved to get those up as we exited. However, we are still well below our target operating margins at the company and at the segment level. Transportation made good strides this past year, and we feel good about the momentum there. But the business model target for Transportation is still 20%. So, we're still trending below that and we know there are some things that we still need to do. There's still a little bit of self-help left there but some volume support coming out of auto production would be healthy. And then the other thing that's a drag on Transportation margins is -- our commercial transportation business is in the downside of a cycle, and that's obviously a very profitable business for us. So, as we think about that, I think we're going to make good progress in Transportation margins in FY 2024. As we move forward, but we've got some work to do. Industrial segments, the business model target is high-teens operating margin. Obviously, we're trending right now in the mid-teens. There's some reasons for that, the biggest of which is our Industrial Equipment business, which is our highest margin business. is obviously at the bottom of the cycle. And Terrence just talked about that. We do believe, as we work our way through FY 2024, that we'll see those segment margins improve as some of this destocking gets behind us, assuming most of that's over through the first half of our year. Communications, listen, we've all written the rollercoaster of communications here the last several years. And when the business was growing outsized volume and outsized margins. We're on the other side of that now. And this is a very volume-dependent business. But when we're running kind of in this $450 million-ish quarterly run rate for the segment. We're going to be hovering in the mid-teens. When you start to see that begin to normalize some of the destocking gets behind us, you will see this business get up into the high teens with a 20% type of target margin there. There's not as much activity here in terms of rightsizing our footprint within Communications. That has been largely behind us. but there is some volume dependency within that. And then the other thing, keep in mind, and this just builds off what Terrence just talked about, the three businesses that are hitting the destocking, which is our Data and Devices and Appliances, which are within the Communications segment as well as our Industrial Equipment business, where that destocking has happened is not with our direct customers, just with our distribution channel partners. That's also some of our most profitable business. And so as you start to see in your modeling out the year, as you start to see some of those things normalize and some of the destocking go away, you would expect that mix of profitability to help us as we work our way through the second half of the year as well.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll move next to Samik Chatterjee at JPMorgan.
Joe Cardoso: Hey, good morning and thanks for the question. This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik Chatterjee. As it relates to your AI opportunity, and maybe this is more of a medium-term question in nature, but there has been increasing discussions or debates around the various architectures these cloud providers can take beyond just GPUs or underlying switch fabrics as it relates to TEL's business and where you participate in these AI deployments I was hoping if you could just touch on that topic and discuss the breadth of the company's portfolio? And whether you see yourself agnostic to whatever route your customers decide to take on their future architectural decisions there? And if there's any areas of the portfolio that you think you could bolster or are you looking to bolster going forward? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks for the question. And one of the things that's great about the space we play in is when somebody makes an architectural decision as they're building an AI cluster, that's where connectivity comes in and is very important depending upon what is that architectural decision. And that creates a lot of customization. So, as everybody is trying to figure out how to get the compute power, also the thermal elements and maximize the design. Really, the things you just highlighted are things we really get excited about. And it's where companies like ourselves, we really need to be playing with both the semi players as well as the cloud architects as well to really say, as they make these happen and certainly bring them to market at pace. So, when you think about all the accelerators that you hear on every semiconductor call, really, they are the things that we get excited about and even in our quarter we just had, you saw earlier ramps than even we expected. And I think, if anything, we're probably going to be more pleasantly surprised and negatively surprised as we go forward. The other thing that's nice, like even that we see on that, I know last quarter, we talked about $1 billion of pipeline wins even in just where we've gone to up to $1.3 billion in just three months. And their programs are going to be out over three, four years, and that will ramp but everything when you think about how are you moving in these clusters data around, that has a need for connectivity and that connectivity and what we do is very high speed because if you have latency around that connectivity, that is a problem for an AI cluster. So, I feel really good with the traction and where our teams are playing to get these wins. And I think it's going to be one of the drivers as we move off from destocking as we get CS back on the growth here, will be something that we're going to continue to talk to you about.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Giordano at TD Cowen.
Joe Giordano: Hey, good morning guys.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, good morning Joe.
Joe Giordano: Yes, I just want to follow-up on the AI discussion there. One, can you just let us know how revenue in this quarter in AI specifically looked relative to last quarter? And then just more broadly, how do you think about AI cannibalization of business you otherwise would have had on a more standard offering? Like if there's -- I'm guessing this is a mix positive for you like on a content standpoint, but if your customers have a finite dollar spend available to them? How much -- is this like a transition of spending rather than like an increase in total spending?
Terrence Curtin: Well, certainly, you're going to have -- there's only so many dollars when you win a CapEx budget. It's pointed here. And what's really nice is the content elements incremental. You still need a lot of servers and stuff to make an AI cluster work from a compute side. So, yes, there is some cannibalization, but is a net-net positive, Joe, when you look at it. And really, when you look at I know when we guided, we probably said we would have thought the segment and Communications would have been flat with the quarter before. All the upside in the quarter was due to AI application and ramps. So, when you look at that build is very important, probably as we start the new year, we'll have a little bit of lumpiness just due to how the calendar works. But I think through 2024, you're going to continue to see that AI number work up and ramp as we continue to ramp for our customers.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll move next to Luke Junk at Baird.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Terrence, just wondering if you could put a finer point on how you're thinking about our growth potential in auto in 2024. I guess I'm especially thinking about EV-related impacts amid maybe some flattening overall in adoption but set against what has been generally rising content for you, maybe even a little upside versus that 2x multiple? And maybe more importantly, just your overall breadth and auto and EV that could limit your impact to any one customer? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So, you have a lot of questions in that question. So, I'm going to try to do my best there. So, thanks for the question. I think the first thing is let's talk about 2023 out growth. I think that's important that we all get aligned about it. Our auto business grew over 12% in 2023 versus auto production of 3%. So, you saw 900 basis points of outperformance. And I think you got to take that into two buckets. Two-thirds of that 9% were content, one-third was the pricing that we did. So, I do want to make sure we're all just baselined on that. As we look forward, we feel very good about the 4% to 6% over production. And I think to the point you said you never hear us talk about one OEM or one platform other over another. That is something when you look at what we do. Our view is, hey, EVs are always something that needs to scale. Automotive is a scale business. There is a lot of customization going on right now. But we really sit there as the agnostic supplier being a Tier 2 of how do we bring the best connectivity solution for the globe to really make sure this technology gets adopted. And I think you continue to see that with the outgrowth we've had, so I don't think that's going to change by any means, and it's why you see the growth, and that's something we work very hard on to make sure we're everywhere in the world. And that's why we always like to say other than a few exceptions where we're not allowed to play by governments, we're essentially on every card in the planet. And that's a special position that where our engineers design with the customers, where their design centers are and we're bringing solutions to really make sure we continue to help bring EVs to further penetration globally.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next, we'll go to Scott Davis at Melius Research.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Scott.
Scott Davis: I wanted to dig a little bit more into the cost structure. I mean you guys have done a fair amount of heavy lifting on I would imagine fixed costs are kind of lower than they were just a couple of years ago. But when you think about the ebbs and flow of your cost structure going into 2024, apples-to-apples kind of fixed cost plus you got some labor inflation. Is your cost position similar in 2024 as it was in 2023? Or is it actually lower?
Heath Mitts: Well, it's a good question, Scott. And there's a lot of buckets there that I can think about no different than everybody else in the globe. You mentioned labor inflation, which is real and it's always going to be part of our equation. So, that has a little bit of variability to it. But when I think about kind of our fixed cost base, we're obviously going in with a little bit lower based on some of the restructuring that we have done, and that's around rooftop consolidations, particularly in Europe. As we've continued to move more of our operating activities out of Western Europe and into places where the supply chain has migrated for our customers, that could be Eastern Europe, that could be Northern Africa and Morocco, certainly some more activity in parts of Asia. And then within North America, it's a little bit more focused to Mexico. So, that has that element and gives us more confidence as we jump into it. And then you kind of get into the inflationary pressures for everything else. And I would say not getting worse but not dramatically coming down. There's buckets of areas like freight spend that have come back in line as certain capacity on certain types of freight have increased and allowed for some pricing competition. So, that's been healthy. But when I think about the input cost around metals and resins, it really depends on where the world is and what we're buying. We're still dealing with a fairly inflated environment there for a lot of the things that we have to buy. And so when I think about it versus 2023, I'd say it's stable. But I wouldn't say that, that's our biggest driver in 2024 in terms of margin expansion. We've got a lot of material productivity activity underway that we have a lot of confidence about. But that's not pricing coming down. That's just the efforts of our team to source different ways in different parts of the world. So, there's a lot of buckets there, Scott, net-net, if I just trying to sum it up, I'd say we're in a better position in 2024 than we were this time last year, staring at our overall cost structure. But we've got work to do, and we still need to offset the inflation around labor and so forth.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Scott. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Christopher Glynn at Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning. Was curious about the non-auto parts of transportation commercial, what are you seeing in terms of cycle there? What do you expect for next year, maybe first half, second half split? I know you're very broadly based across platforms, customers and applications and commercial. And then just Sensors, I think you have a little bit of attrition, ski-rationalization -- data play on that, please. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: So, let me break those into two pieces there. So, let's talk about what we've seen this year in Industrial Transportation. And really -- and then I'll talk about probably how we're thinking into next year. First off, in commercial transportation this year, both in North America and Europe and commercial transportation is -- I want to remind everybody, it's heavy truck, construction equipment, ag equipment, for TE globally. It's in all those applications, which we have a leading share. And we saw Europe and North America actually have nice production growth this past year and certainly drove our growth but China was very weak. And China was very weak in 2023, especially around construction equipment. So net-net, while we would say, if you took the number of units made on the planet of all those different types of vehicles, it was flat. China was very weak and really Western World offset that. And let's face it, when we think about China into next year, we expect construction to be flat again or weak next year, maybe some recovery in the truck and bus side. We do expect in the early half of this year, we do expect Europe and North America to slow, and we've seen that. You see that in our organic growth here. So, we do expect at least for the first half, that's going to be a market that is slower going into next year. And we will have content outperformance, I will buffer some of that. But it's also nice that China, we probably have the weakness of China is more behind us than in front of us.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Terrence Curtin: I am sorry, you also asked about Sensors. I apologize. On Sensors, there is pruning that we're doing. I know when I made my prepared comments, we talked about growth and automotive and declines in industrial, next year, there will be about a $50 million exit rate of where we're really getting that focus as we improve the margin there and make sure that the wins that we get in automotive and industrial applications, really where we're positioning that business longer term as we've been talking to you about. So sorry, I didn't touch the Sensors piece in my first comments.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We will go next to Shreyas Patil at Wolfe Research.
Shreyas Patil: Hey thanks a lot for taking the question. So, looking at the Industrial Equipment business, I mean, you talked about the destocking trends but curious what you're seeing in terms of CapEx deployments. We have heard from some automakers deferring EV investments, and I believe that has been an important driver supporting the business. And then also, if you can talk about the payback on restructuring investments. I believe you had sizable restructuring that should be in 2021 and 2022. So, should we start to see the payback from that into 2024?
Terrence Curtin: So, let me take the Industrial Equipment piece because there is, hey, as supply chains improved, I do think you see throughout the industrial equipment, and that's a very broad and fragmented space, as we've always talked to you about. You see everybody tightening up their buffer stocks. And we're in the middle of that. You also see areas where you see CapEx continuing to roll. You see EV battery plants. You just sold Toyota, their expansion to their North Carolina campus. So, you see pockets like that. But certainly, you see warehousing certainly around consumer electronics remains weak in Asia. There is a lot of automation that goes in there. So, I do think it's a very mixed picture depending upon where your focus on in Industrial Equipment, I do think you see strong backlogs by our customers. And I do think we have to work through the destocking and see what the CapEx levels are running once we get through the destocking. Heath, why don't you talk about the restructuring?
Heath Mitts: Sure. On the restructuring front, I think a good rule of thumb is about a two-year payback on the restructuring charges that we take in terms of when you see those pay for themselves in the P&L. So, it's a little bit longer in Europe, a little bit shorter in other parts of the world, but it averages out to about two years on average in terms of the payback and certainly layering that in to the P&L as we move forward into 2024 and 2025 for the charges that we took in 2023 would -- is one of the things that gives us some confidence here.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Shreyas. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll take a follow-up from Wamsi Mohan at Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up. I think you mentioned in your remarks, you're expecting $250 million headwind for revenues for fiscal 2024 from FX movements. What should we think about the EPS impact commensurate with that? And Terrence, I think you mentioned a very strong 10% EPS growth in the first quarter. price actions will ramp year-over-year in the second half. So just curious how you're thinking about stockability growth first half versus second half next year?
Terrence Curtin: You broke up on that, Wamsi, a little bit. Can you repeat the key questions that you had there? I'm sorry, you broke up on our end.
Wamsi Mohan: I'm sorry. So, first question was around the headwind from FX on revenue. It was $250 million for the year. Wondering what the EPS impact is. And then just the first half versus second half profit growth for next year, you noted 10% in 1Q, but you wrap on some of your price initiatives in the second half.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Thank you. Sorry about that. Thank you for repeating yourself. Heath will take those.
Heath Mitts: And Wamsi the $250 million of FX, the way we're looking at is about $0.20 of EPS headwind that we have and from an earnings per share perspective related to that foreign exchange. And of course, that's as snapping the line in the sand where rates are more or less today. And as rates change throughout the year, we'll continue to update you on those assumptions. In terms of first half to second half, the second half of -- and we're going to -- I'm referring to fiscal 2023, the second half certainly did benefit from some of the pricing catch up that we needed to do, particularly in the Transportation business and the team did execute on that well. As we pivot into the first half versus second half of I think we're not guiding out that far, but you should expect our margin performance to -- as we've implied in our guidance for the first quarter to be somewhere in the mid-17 similar to the last quarter, the Q4 quarter, you should expect us to continue to grow from there in the first half to the second half, some of that related to some of the destocking normalizing, as I mentioned earlier on the call and then some of the other initiatives otherwise.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi. We don't have any further questions. So, please contact Investor Relations at TE if you do have additional questions. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a nice day.
Operator: Today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 A.M. Eastern Time today, November 1, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude the conference for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivitys third quarter 2023 results and outlook for our fourth quarter. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. I also want to remind you that our Q4 results in fiscal 2022 included an extra week. In this call, year-over-year comparisons for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2023 are made excluding this extra week. Finally, during the Q&A portion of today's call we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question and you may rejoin the queue. if you have a second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Sujal, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Before we get into the slides and as I typically do, I want to take a moment to discuss our performance this quarter, within the backdrop of the market environment, along with what we're seeing versus our last call, 90 days ago. I am pleased with the execution of our teams in the third quarter, with revenues that were in line and EPS that was ahead of our guidance, due to strong performance across all three segments. Our Transportation and Industrial segments grew year-over-year, which essentially offset the expected declines in our Communications segment. Our adjusted operating margins expanded 130 basis points sequentially, without the benefit of any volume growth. We delivered on the actions that we've been driving to ensure margin expansion occurred, as we move through this fiscal year. Also, as important, you're going to continue to see the benefits from the strategic positioning of our portfolio around secular growth trends, including increased global production of electric vehicles, adoption of renewable energy and applications for cloud and artificial intelligence. In the quarter, our orders of $4 billion are not only indicating stability in transportation and industrial, but also in our Communications segment as well. I view the older trends to be a real positive and they're reflecting the improving supply chains and reinforce our fourth quarter guidance, which I'll get into more details in a moment. As we've been sharing with you, one of the key areas of focus this year has been working capital management as supply chain performance improves. Our strong free cash flow performance reflects our focus, both in the quarter as well as you see it year-to-date. Cash generation is an important part of our business model and year-to-date free cash flow was up 40% versus last year. Also, our capital strategy continues to remain disciplined and we've returned roughly $1.2 billion of capital to our owners so far this year. Let me now provide some additional color on our markets and other updates since our last call. So, on an overall basis, our markets are playing out as we expected. We have most of our key end markets in a growth or recovery trajectory and we have a few markets that continue to cycle and these we previously discussed with you. Our view of transportation end markets remain consistent with our prior view and we continue to expect auto production to remain roughly flat at approximately 20 million units per quarter globally. Our growth in the transportation area will continue to be driven by content outperformance and our leading global position in electric vehicles. Turning to our Industrial segment. We have three businesses that continue to have strong growth momentum. You continue to see our strong positioning in renewable energy with growth from both wind and solar applications. In commercial air, sales continue to grow as this market recovers and our medical business is benefiting from increases in interventional procedures. In our communications segment, while sales are down significantly this year versus last year's cyclical peak, our order trends are indicating stabilization at the current levels. And finally, I do want to reinforce that the way we think about long-term value creation remains unchanged. It's built on the pillars of secular growth trends that will drive increased content in the markets where we position TE, strong free cash flow generation with discipline around how we deploy capital and leverage to enable margin expansion as we move forward. While our orders are indicating stability, we continue to see strong opportunities to expand sales, margins and earnings per share as we move forward. So at this time I want to get into slides and we'll discuss some additional highlights. And if you could turn to slide 3, I'd appreciate it. Our third quarter sales were $4 billion and this was in line with our guidance and down slightly year-over-year on a reported and an organic basis. We saw organic growth of 7% in our Transportation segment and 2% in our Industrial segment. Our communications segment declined due to the expected market weakness that we've been talking to you about. Adjusted earnings per share was ahead of our guidance at $1.77 with adjusted operating margins of 17.3% and these margins were up 130 basis points sequentially as I already mentioned. The margin improvement from quarter two to quarter three was driven by our Transportation and Industrial segments as we are delivering on our commitment to expand margins from the first half to the second half of this year. Our earnings per share performance that was ahead of guidance was driven primarily by the stronger margin performance. As we look forward, we are expecting our fourth quarter sales to be approximately $4 billion and adjusted earnings per share to be around $1.75, which are both similar to our quarter three levels. Also similar to our third quarter we do expect year-over-year sales growth in our Transportation and Industrial segments and a decline in our Communications segment. Just moving away from the financials for a moment. I do want to highlight that we issued our corporate responsibility report, which we call connecting our world and we've issued this report for over a decade. There are a number of initiatives that we're driving internally and our goals are in line with our purpose as well as expectations from our customers. Key highlights in the report versus prior year includes an over 30% reduction in our absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions and currently I want to highlight that 50% of the electricity in TE comes from renewable sources. I also want to note that we communicated our commitment to the science-based target initiative, which enhanced targets for greenhouse gas reduction by 2030 that are inclusive of Scope 3 emissions. So with that as a quick background on slide 3 let's move to slide 4 and I want to talk about our order trends. On the slide you can see the details on the moving pieces, but I do think the key takeaway is that our orders are reflecting stability in all three of our segments. And this is nice to say after some of the order patterns we've had over the past couple of years. And these orders reflect and reinforce our guidance for the fourth quarter. When you look at our transportation and industrial orders they're both roughly flat from the second to third quarter. The real highlight in where you see the changes in our communications segment where orders increased 5% sequentially. And this is the first sequential increase in our Communications segment orders since the first quarter of fiscal 2022. So with that quick overview of orders, let me now discuss the year-over-year segment results that are laid out on slides 6 through 7 and you can see the details and I'll just talk about the high points. In our Transportation segment, sales growth remained strong and it was up 7% organically year-over-year with organic growth across all of our businesses. Our auto business grew 9% organically and we had growth in all the regions of the world. The strong performance continues to be driven by our leading position in electric vehicles as well as electronification trends in cars and positive impact from pricing. While auto production is staying flat at about 20 million units per quarter production of hybrid and electric vehicles are continuing to grow and right now reflect about 25% of total global auto production in our fiscal 2023. As you know we generate approximately two times the content in electric vehicle platforms versus a combustion vehicle. So, we expect our content per vehicle to continue to expand as we move forward and the increased adoption of electric vehicles. Elsewhere in this segment, our Commercial Transportation business we saw 2% organic growth in the third quarter and in our Sensors business our 4% organic growth was driven by automotive applications as we see increased volumes from new design wins. At the margin level, in the segment, adjusted operating margins were 18.6% in the quarter and this was up 130 basis points year-over-year and 200 basis points sequentially as a result of operational performance including the benefit of price increases. Now, let me move over to the Industrial segment. At the segment level sales increased 2% organically year-over-year, where we had strong organic growth in three out of the four businesses in the third quarter. In our AD&M business, our sales were up 13% organically and we're benefiting from the ongoing improvement in the commercial air market. In Medical, sales in the quarter were up 11% organically, driven by ongoing increases in interventional procedures. Turning to our Energy business. We continue to see momentum with 8% organic growth driven by renewable applications. The addressable market for TE and renewable applications has a double-digit CAGR and we're helping to enable utility scale solar and wind farm deployments. Through our broad product portfolio, we are helping our customers reduce installation as well as maintenance costs and we expect our sales from renewable applications to be up double-digits again this year. What's really nice in this business is that the current quarter continues to demonstrate the growth momentum that we've been delivering in this business, which has had an organic sales CAGR of 8% since 2019. And finally in the Industrial segment. In our Industrial Equipment business, our sales were down 10% organically and this sales decline was driven by inventory digestion in the distribution channel and is being driven by improvements in the broader supply chain that we're all feeling. In the Industrial segment adjusted operating margins were 15.8% and these margins reflect the impact of the expected volume declines in the Industrial Equipment business. And I want to highlight that we remain committed to achieving our high-teen margin target for this segment. Now, let me turn to the Communications segment and in this segment, our sales were down 37% organically to $424 million and it was slightly lower than we expected. Versus last year's cyclical peak, Appliances and our Data and Device businesses are being impacted by market weakness and the ongoing consumption of inventory across our customer supply chain that we previously discussed with you. Despite this weakness in sales we maintained adjusted operating margins in the mid-teens range at 14.2%. Based upon the order trends I talked about earlier we believe communications revenue will be roughly flat to quarter three levels in the fourth quarter with adjusted operating margins remaining in the mid-teens. Now, with the Communications segment, I do want to look beyond the near term for a moment and really talk about what we get excited about especially in our D&D business as it continues to have strong design win momentum in next-generation AI platforms. When you think about where we play we focus on providing the high-speed low latency connectivity to meet the needs of these next-generation data centers. Last quarter we mentioned that we secured $1 billion in wins for AI and certainly related server applications. And I just want to highlight for you this number continues to grow. We expect meaningful ramps of AI programs, as we move through fiscal 2024 with 50% more content in an accelerated compute AI platform versus a traditional compute server. The other key highlight is, we're working closely with cloud customers as well as leading semiconductor companies with reference design to call out our TE Connectivity solutions. So with that, as a wrap-up, let me turn it over to Heath, who will get more details on the financials as well as our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Well, thank you Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide 8, where I will provide more details on the third quarter financials. Adjusted operating income was $692 million with an adjusted operating margin of 17.3%. GAAP operating income was $630 million and included $53 million of restructuring and other charges and $9 million of acquisition-related charges. Year-to-date we have taken $208 million of restructuring charges, and we continue to expect full year restructuring charges to be approximately $250 million, as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was $1.77 and GAAP EPS was $1.67 for the quarter and included restructuring and acquisition and other charges of $0.10. The adjusted effective tax rate was 18.2% in Q3. For the fourth quarter and for the full year we now expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. Importantly, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year. We can get you to turn to slide 9. Sales of $4 billion were down 2% reported and 1% on an organic basis year-over-year. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $42 million and adjusted EPS by $0.05 versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 17.3% in the third quarter expanding 130 basis points sequentially, despite lower sales driven by margin expansion in our Transportation and Industrial segments. We have continued to drive productivity and cost initiatives and have implemented the price increases that we discussed in prior calls. Our pricing is now fully offsetting the impact of higher input costs. Turning to cash flow. In the quarter we once again demonstrated strong cash generation model of our business, with cash from operations of $779 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was approximately $615 million. And through the first three quarters of the year, free cash flow was approximately $150 million which is up 40% year-over-year and roughly a $1.2 billion return to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. As you may recall, I indicated that we would look to drive our own inventory levels lower, as we saw performance improving in our supply chain. We have been able to deliver improvements to working capital which has contributed to our free cash flow performance this year. As a result of our actions and strong profitability, we expect free cash flow conversion to approach 100% this year. We continue to remain disciplined in our use of capital and our long-term strategy remains consistent which is to return approximately two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders and use about third, for acquisitions overtime. Before I turn it over to questions, I want to reinforce that the strategic positioning of our portfolio is enabling us to deliver strong results from secular growth trends. In our Transportation segment, we expect to deliver high single-digit organic revenue growth this year. In our Industrial segment, we expect double-digit organic revenue growth in three of the four businesses for the year. In our Communications segment, we continue to generate strong design win momentum in AI and cloud applications. We are delivering strong operational performance including the work we have done on our cost structure and price actions to offset inflation, enabling our first half to second half margin improvement and EPS expansion as we expected. Overall, this sets us up for a strong finish to the fiscal year and a good step-off point as we enter fiscal '24, which as you know, begins in October. We remain excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us to drive long-term growth, margin expansion and value creation for all stakeholders. So now let's open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Avi, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Chris Snyder with UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. So our Q3 top line only met the guide, but despite a higher level of auto production, so can you even just talk about some of the offsetting headwinds there? And then also what some more color on what really drove the strong step up in margins. Obviously, a step up was inspected, but this was much more significant. And then just lastly, any clicks and takes into Q4 at the segment or end market level. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Chris and thanks for the question. First off, when the first part of your question, you know, we met our overall guide on the top line, and you're right in transportation, we were a little stronger, but you know, communications was a little bit weaker. You know, we've been talking for many quarters now about, hey, as we go through some of the supply chain correction and market weakness around cloud, we thought we'd be in the 450 to 500 range and we thought this past quarter we'd be closer to that 450 and you know, our communication segment came in a little bit below that and our transportation revenue, which was stronger, really made up for that. So on your first party of your question on really the margin front, you know, let's just to move it up a little bit, you know, we knew we had to do margin opportunity as we marched through the year. We had the price cost element that as we talked about in automotive, that was going to be on a lag basis. We did get those in place. I think you're seeing the benefit of that and we said we could get our transportation segment back up to where it's at today as we get later in the year and that that's been accomplished. I also think there's been good operating performance in our industrial segment, even in light of, you know, our biggest and, you know, higher profitability business unit there, industrial equipment, you know, has some destocking occurring. So I think that was very good performance there. And the other element is as communications is cycling down here in both businesses, we've been able to maintain the mid-teens margin even on lighter revenue. So I do think, you know, to my prepared comments, I am pleased with the execution that we know we teed up for you all earlier in the year, you know, came through. Now when we go to next quarter, really with the order trends that we're seeing, it does look like, you know, the segments will be very similar next quarter to where they were this quarter. You know, auto production is going to be flat, you know, we expect transportation revenue looks similar to quarter three, similar to IS and CS right now with where we see the order patterns, we expect margin to be similar. So the guide is very consistent with what we just did and that's some of the stabilization that I talked about. And you know, on the EPS side, we're just a little bit lower in quarter four and that's really due to tax and FX. So, you know, it's nice to be able to show some of the stabilization, as we wrap up quarter three and go into quarter four.
Sujal Shah: Thank you. Chris, can we have the next question please? 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. It's really nice to see the operating margin improvement here in transportation that you guys alluded to earlier. But I was wondering if you could Terrence maybe double click on some of your inventory comments. How much more inventory digestion do you think is ahead of us, especially in industrial equipment and how much more correction do you think is also left in in data devices? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Thanks, Wamsi. And thanks for the question. I guess the first thing is, you know, I know we talked about the stocking and the same benefit we're driving in cash flow as supply chain gets better. It is important. We're not in a bubble where not only our supply chains are getting better, but our broader customer supply chains are getting better. And I think really where you see it in our results are the three business units we have, two in CS and one in IS where we feel it the most. And that's really where we have distribution channel involved and certainly, things aren't as much of a direct, direct relationship. So in transportation, we don't feel there's any supply chain to work off. We don't see impacts of destocking and you see that in our performance and you see the growth in all three businesses. In the other businesses, while TE does do about 20% of its revenue through distribution, the business, as you mentioned appliance and D&D in sees as well as industrial. They do about 40% to 50% of their revenue through distribution. And what we've been seeing is we do see a broader supply chains improve, we see our distribution channel partners adjusting their inventory levels to get to more normal demand. And let's face it. If lead times, people are hitting lead times and people don't need to go to distribution to find something to complete a build, they won't have to do that. So it is a natural effect in our business when you have this, but I think we have to realize it is a good sign that supply chains are improving. I think where we are, certainly, industrial has gotten to it a little bit later. I think we still have a quarter or two that we need to work through in these businesses is our best guess, and guess what, that is a guess. But I do think there'll be a point in time where our revenue in those businesses, especially go through distribution, will get closer to demand. But right now, we're building less on what demand is as inventory works down. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you could dig in a little bit more into the cash flow numbers. Like you said, you're up a lot. How sustainable you see cash flow going forward? And maybe what does it mean in terms of your capital allocation? It seems like it's not changing right now, but how does it influence you in a rising rate environment? And then within that, if you could touch on just the M&A environment, that would be helpful also. 
Heath Mitts: Sure, Steve, this is Heath. I'll take this question. First of all, we're pleased with our cash flow performance this year. Year-to-date, our free cash flow is $1.5 billion, which, as I mentioned earlier, is up 40% year-over-year, and we've had pretty consistent results as we -- each quarter as we work through the year. A little -- a big chunk of that to answer your question about sustainability of the space performance builds on what Terence just talked about and that's stability. And if you think about -- there are times, particularly over the past couple of years, when we've had to flex our working capital, particularly inventory to handle all of the volatility that's out there in the various supply chains, both uncertainty from our suppliers as well as differing order patterns from our customers. And the last thing we're going to do is be in a position to hold our customers up. So we've had to flex inventory. So now with the visibility improving, that's tied to some of the supply chain improvement out there, we've had the ability this year and particularly through the first half of this year to reduce inventory levels, bring our days on hand to back more in line. There's a little bit of work to do in a couple of our businesses. But for the most part, we're getting to a better place. And that working capital management has really driven our ability to drive free cash flow improvement year-over-year. So we feel good about that. We feel good in general about our ability to sustain that going forward. In terms of overall capital allocation, which was the second part of your question, was that we're fully funding capital expenditures. We have not cut that back demonstrably -- most of our CapEx goes towards new products and new applications, and that is still real, and that is still happening, whether that's on the EV side or some of the AI opportunities or things within our Industrial segment. So, that's been fully funded. That is unchanged. And then when we start thinking about outside of investing in ourselves, the opportunities out there around the M&A environment Listen, it's always going to be a bit dynamic in terms of what's coming to market and what's available. And we always take the approach that are we the right owner for something that fits strategically well for us and then do the financials work. And I feel like I say that's just about every quarter. But at any given time, we're looking at about half a dozen things. And most don't get across the finish line for one reason or another, but we're active in that process. And there's been some things that that you'll continue to hear us talk about. Over time, I still believe that M&A will take up about a-third of our free cash flow. But it's lumpy. It's not a straight line in terms of the linearity of how that's deployed. So, short answer, no change in our capital allocation strategy. We feel good about where we are from a balance sheet perspective and it allows us to play offense going forward.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thank you, and good morning. Terence, I wanted to drill down a little bit more on the opportunities in AI in your comments. It sounds like you've got a strong relationships with key customers and the semiconductor suppliers. But could you talk about the competitive landscape and the edge you have over competitors? And could you also size up the market opportunities for us perhaps as a percentage of your overall cloud revenue?
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Matt. Thanks for the question. Thanks for the question. And let's face it, we like data anywhere because typically you need a connection to occur. So when you think about the core of what we do, whether it's data, power, or some sort of signal, that's where we see opportunities. And anywhere data goes is an opportunity for us. When you think about AI, though, there's one thing to move data, but when you think about the high speeds that this is at, as well as the low latency you need, it's really an extension of what we've been talking about from a cloud perspective. There's one thing to have a data connector. There's another thing to have a high speed that can handle what these GPUs are throwing off, as well as make sure that you not only have to compute, you also have to move the data. You also have to store the data. And how does that all stay in sync? And that's really, there is a number of us in the world that do that very well because you're at the cutting edge of technology and you not only need to design with the people that build the architecture, you need to be very close to the semi-companies that are making these next generation chips that everybody's all excited about. So when you look at it, I sort of view it's the next step of where cloud went. And we're just taking it up a level of speed. And certainly with the adoption of AI that we all hear about, it's exciting for us. So from a product set, when you look at what we do, we have sockets that actually the GPUs and the CPUs go into. You do need something that takes that semiconductor and connects it into the board. Our high-speed backplane products that actually make sure how the signal moves around. And then you get into things like DAC cables and so forth that actually make sure you're connecting different parts of the rack and boxes together. And we've had opportunities in all of those, similar to we talked in cloud. And what I really like is our position that our team has built, that is both with the semi-customers as well as the ones that are working on the architecture, which are also the cloud guys, really has positioned us well. And like I said, we have over a billion dollars of wins. They probably will go out over a four to five-year period as they ramp. And the momentum is still building on the wind side. So once we work through some of the market correction we're working through in a place like D&D, I think you're going to continue to see the ramp of these programs probably be more in the middle of our fiscal 2024. That will be more visible to you. Some of it's in our revenue already, but the launches will be more in 2024 based upon the launch schedules of our customers that do the architecture build out. And we're really excited about the wins we have and also the problems we're trying to solve with our customers, which is really, in essence, what our engineers do.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. I realize the company only formally guides one quarter at a time, but given that we're now in your fiscal fourth quarter, I'm hoping you can provide some early thoughts on fiscal 2024 and how you're currently thinking about trends by end market for next year.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Mark, and I also appreciate you giving a caveat that we only guide for one quarter. So anything I'm going to give here will be qualitative about what we see and, some insight because I think I probably talked about some and Heath talked about some already. So first of all, it starts off, it is nice to see the stability that we're starting to see in orders and communications that pick up. So I do think the comments start with that sort of as a backbone. It is important that some of the destocking we talk about in some of our businesses that will work off. I can't tell you the exact date that will be done. But that will -- while that's a headwind now, that will be something as we get into next year will be a tailwind for those businesses. I also think when you look at transportation specifically, our transportation growth this year is going to be driven by automotive is in the low-double-digits. That's on pretty low production growth and it has the content that we've always talked to you about and then a little bit of price on top of that, really, you should expect on top of what auto production is we'll be in that 4% to 6% next year, because we won't have the additional price increases unless material would go up more. And so in transportation, we still see content being the driver into next year. I think the only thing that we're watching real time is in our commercial transportation business. We see some signs in China and North America, that being a little bit slower. So that's one market we're going to keep an eye on. And then when you get into the Industrial segment, you think about the three units that I talked about on the prepared comments. Commercial aerospace is not going to be slowing down in the recovery, and it's one area that we're still playing catch-up in. Medical interventional procedures we feel good about and you're seeing the strong growth there. And renewable applications, we would continue to expect strong growth momentum there. And once we work through the destock and industrial equipment, we'll get back to some of the growth that we've been showing you. And then in the Communications segment, it really is around the destocking and then the AI programs kicking in. So having the stability, I think you see the secular content drivers. We still expect there would be a slow global economy. But really, when you look at these content levers that we've been talking about, will really be the drivers as we get into next year and hopefully, the inventory destocking winds down.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Stein with Trust Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. First sort of a supply chain question. You've given us a pretty good bit of information already about where you're seeing destocking and such. But like to draw the comparison to some of the semiconductor suppliers who in this cycle was very effective at taking that extended lead time situation as an opportunity to constrain what they were delivering into the channel so that they didn't run into this problem. And I wonder if there are any lessons learned from that? I know every cycle is a little bit different. But as you think about this going forward, is that a potential opportunity to improve the business to constrain what you ship into those guys so you don't wind up in the situation.
Terrence Curtin: So a couple of things, Will. I just want to give a contrast between semi land and what we do, because I do think there is an important difference. Semiconductors had some lead times that were well out over a year. I would tell you, when you look at what we do, our lead time typically on average could be six weeks to 12 weeks. And while we had supply chain challenges, I think the bigger challenge was not as extending lead times. It was meeting lead times. And when I think about the service levels we're at today, which our direct customers feel other than maybe in the aerospace market, our service levels are back to pre-COVID levels from a shift to request element. So I do think there's a big difference on lead times and certainly the semiconductor fab process is very different than the connector process. But I do think while we are around the same trends and we may have stocking and destocking effects, the lead time disconnect between a semiconductor and a connector is very different and ours is much shorter. We did constrain demand in certain areas where we knew we were ahead. You take our clients business, we did not add capacity for our clients business to be permanently at a $1 billion run rate. We were trying to manage through our various channels. So, I think you're always going to have elements of a little bit of stock and destock where you have more channel activity. Let's face it. We build the orders. When we're getting orders we don't say, well this is a real order and this is a fake order. Every order is real, because there is a customer that's asking for something someplace. So I actually feel pretty good how we manage through it. I'm also pretty proud when you look at our communications segment with where their margin is running on how much their revenue is all I think it also proves we've improved the profitability substantially in that segment when we're at maybe a cyclical low that really gets us back to where we can take the margin back up to what we talked about when we target for the segment more like 20%. So there are lessons we think about. I'm not sure it relates to the semiconductor processes as much as how we manufacture.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Will. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning guys. I had a question about the TS margins. So you have the price fully realize some wraparound into next year. And you also have called out some operational improvements as well. I'm curious, if you could talk about a view of fundamental incremental margin expectations over the next year or two for the TS segment?
Heath Mitts: Hey, Chris this is Heath. Listen I think TS has done a lot -- the transportation segment in general, but particularly the automotive piece of this as well as the sensors piece of this has done a lot of heavy lifting on the cost structure. And that's largely moving production in a meaningful way away from higher cost locations into lower cost jurisdictions. And we are starting to see the benefit of that in many cases we're also following -- we're part of a supply chain that's also following that trend. So not necessarily unique to us that following our customers to where we need to be to support them. The impact of that on our cost structure is something that has been gradually layering in catching up on inflation with some of the price increases that we've done over the past a couple of quarters has certainly benefited us. And as I think about as we go into next year, the difficult thing to call on that is what auto production number is going to be. We're not terribly bullish as we go into next year that auto production globally is going to ramp possibly [ph]. I guess, more to come as we all get smarter on that by region. But you know the content story, and we do expect the category of EV and hybrid to grow very nicely again just as it's shown in the past couple of years and our content on that. So I feel good about our ability to outperform the market as we've always done and that will lead to some margin opportunity for us. When I think about incrementals we target in normalized times roughly a 30% incremental and more to come on that as we get through into next year, obviously, as you mentioned we'll have some price wraparound for the first half of next year. So I appreciate the question.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joe Giordano: Hi guys, good morning. I appreciate all the color on the AI stuff today, but I did have one kind of follow-up there. How do I think about that business replacement for a business that you would have been doing in the absence of AI, like, if I think about your whole data and device business where -- what does that business look like on a normalized basis now? Like it was a $1.5 billion business higher now it's run rating at $1 billion where is like the right pedaling?
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, I think there's a couple of things. You do have the destocking and certainly I would say the one area where I know I talked about distribution a lot there is still a lot of server and semiconductor inventory on the planet that needs to work through. So I do think you're going to have us being below that level right now as that clears out. I would also say just realize just because AI is happening doesn't mean every server and cloud application is obsolete. It is different architecture, but you're still going to get the benefits of those. So I think we're going to get back to normalization in the supply chain, which is driving it. And then you will see AI add on to some of the cloud element. It is not a full cannibalization by any means. And you shouldn't think about it as cannibalization. And we're in the early innings really on AI. I know, I talked about the wins we've had, but the engagements we have are still very strong and you'll start seeing them next year go. 
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Joe. Clear. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Amit.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Abdullah speaking for Amit. And I just wanted to focus on industrial. I think last call you mentioned industrial to be - 150 margin expansion in the second half and you saw a really nice expansion I think of 130 this quarter despite revenues being down I think in the segment $50 million or so. So I was just curious what could be here and what the varies puts and takes on?
Heath Mitts: Yes. Again this is Heath on the margin question for IS. Listen, I mean, you've got four very distinct businesses within this and you're always going to have a little bit of noise quarter-to-quarter. I think we talked about last quarter some of the mix with the downturn in the industrial equipment business, which is our highest margin component of that segment certainly impacted us. We were able to make up some ground here in our fiscal third quarter with some cost actions as well as just improved profitability in some of the other businesses. So it's a bit of a mix. As you think forward I think listen at this kind of revenue range and with this current mix of what we're talking about the operating margins for the segment probably start with 15. I don't necessarily know that we would dip back down into the 14s like we were last quarter. But this -- as we think forward I think it's in the 15s. And then I think the important piece here is that we are still committed to high-teens operating margins within this segment. We do have a couple of acquisitions that we need to digest that we've taken on over the past year or so. Those have come in with considerably lower margins, but have a really, really strong opportunity to create value through some of the margin improvement and growth opportunities that we've already identified and are implementing that's still running below segment average. And as we get those acquisitions layered in I think that will also have a meaningful impact. So we feel good about our trajectory there. But there's no doubt that we're running a couple of hundred basis points lower than where we want to be longer term. 
Terrence Curtin: Okay. Thank you, Abdullah. Can we have the next question, please.
Operator: We will take our next question from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question, I guess I had a question on Industrial Solutions as well but more sort of looking at it from a mix perspective just wondering how you think about what this business mix looks like in four years to five years, or how do you want it to look like in four years, five years because from the outside it does look like you have secular drivers in ADM, Energy and Medical whereas industrial equipment I understand sort of the better margin on it but doesn't appear from the outside to have the same drivers in terms of secular growth. So is there a way we should think about how this mix transitions in this business by subsegment of time or where your focus of investment will be as you look at this business? 
Terrence Curtin: Well, I think, when you look at the business I think it's important to say where you've seen our investment first. You have seen us been very focused on building out the industrial equipment business unit because we like the factory automation trends that are there. And even if you went back probably three years, four years that was not always the largest business unit. So we have done M&A there. We like the opportunities that are there. We also like the challenges that are there that what are customers trying to solve? You're typically trying to solve getting data off a factory floor in a very harsh environment and getting it back to the compute that turns that into intelligence.  So I think you're going to continue to see areas in that space where we continue not only to invest, but also thinking continually about where we can do M&A in that spot. In the other areas that you sit there energy has become much more of a secular driver than we've had and it's where we've really focused around renewable energy. We actually did a small M&A earlier this year. And I think that's an area that we would also continue to look at on top of the secular drivers we have there to say how do we continue to build out that. In aerospace, I would say we're capitalizing on the recovery it's a space that I would say the content is really set because those platforms are won. I don't see there being big secular changes to the platforms right now. We certainly have EVOTL and things like that, but they're further out then your horizon to really create value. So I think it's really more of an execution story. And in medical I think you see the consistent growth and I think you're going to continue to see as we're benefiting from interventional. So I think what's nice about the segment is all four of them have growth drivers in them today. We couldn't say that five years from that five years ago. And I think what you're going to continue to say they all give us different options as we continue to build out those businesses and we'll have times where we do have a little bit of a mix or one has a little bit higher margin than the other, but that's just going to be a factor as we build it out. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Samik. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Luke Junk with Baird. Your line is open.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just wondering if you could comment on the pace of AI-related awards that you're seeing. Just wondering how quickly the billion plus in awards that you've referenced have come together how quickly that could get $1.5 billion or $2 billion? And then related to that in terms of book-to-bill, could you just give us some additional color on overall communications book-to-bill of 0.96, just how that splits between data and devices and appliances and to what extent AI is impacting the data and devices side? Thank you. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. On the -- let's take the last question first. Data and devices is above one. And certainly appliances to below one. I would tell you on both of those where the orders go through distribution the book-to-bill is well below one and the direct customers are above one. So it sort of shows you some of the dynamics. And even in the appliance market, I would say, inventory at the OEMs and at our direct relationships seem to be in check where they need to be where that lower market is. When you look at the wins and an AI to go back the wins are coming fast and furious. And it's one of the things I have to give our team credit for as we were dealing with a market that was turning how do we really make sure we capitalize on those wins. So when you sit there the pipeline has moved up even since the last time we talked we're well over $1 billion now. I think it's really going to be around how these programs ramp and certainly the architecture size. So it wouldn't surprise me that we continue on these calls to update you. But there's no pause in the AI platform. In some cases similar to the EV platform that we had in auto no matter what's happening in the cycle they're accelerating. And I think we'll be able to give you ongoing updates as they ramp. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shreyas Patil with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Shreyas Patil : Hey, thanks so much. So maybe just coming back to Transportation Solutions. If I think about where we are now you mentioned the price increases are fully offsetting material inflation. So you're generating and you're generating about an 18.5% margin, there is going to be some additional outflow potentially some benefits from restructuring. So how do we think about that bridge to the 20% margin target? Are there other headwinds we should be considering as it does seem that is something that could be achieved potentially at some point next year?
Heath Mitts : First of all, I don't want to commit to anything for 24 until we get closer to 24. So I think we've got to be careful with that. Obviously, we're pleased with the improvement from our first half to our second half both in the third quarter reported results as well as how we feel about how we're going to finish the year in the mid-18s. Our target margin for TS is still 20% and that is unchanged. Obviously, we're approaching 19% now. I want to be careful that we don't commit to something for next year because as I mentioned on an earlier question we got to see where revenue comes out as well. And the thing that we have to keep a very close eye on within this segment is commercial transportation, which is an important piece of the segment. We didn't talk about it too much today, but Terrence had mentioned on an earlier question that we do -- that is our highest margin component of the segment, and we do expect some pressure there next year particularly in China. And so as we think about it it's not just an auto story, it's also the combination of commercial transportation which is a $1 billion business as well as is our sensors business. So more to come on that. But our goal and I feel comfortable over the next couple of years for sure getting to sustainable margins closer to target. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Shreyas. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Guy Hardwick with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Guy Hardwick: Hi, good morning. Just wondered, if you could differentiate in industrial equipment between sales into distribution sales to original equipment manufacturers. How sharply different are the trends or maybe they're not at all? And I had a follow-up question as well.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Guy, it's Terrence. If you look at it to our direct customers, our book-to-bill is running a rent closer to one. Through distribution is probably running more like 0.8. The only color I would add to you, the industrial equipment business in Asia, which includes the Japanese equipment makers for factory automation who support a lot of things in China and certainly in China. That continues to be weak, both in direct, as well as indirect. But the backlogs of our OEM customers are strong. I would tell you in some cases, we see them working off some inventory, as they were making sure their supply chain they were protected, but there are different trends between our direct relationship and what we're seeing from -- in the distribution channel. And in that business, it's close to 50-50 between the channel and what we do direct.
Guy Hardwick: Thank you. Could you give us an update on your Chinese auto business particularly in electric vehicles? I mean, potentially this market could be 40% NEVs by the end of the year. If there's enough then how TE's position particularly versus local competitors and whether you're fully participating in the growth, particularly one or two very strong domestic players who've done very well of late?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So, a couple of things. Thanks for the question. So, just -- I'm going to talk, in TE about -- we have about $3 billion of business in China overall, of which two-thirds of that is automotive. I mean, so when you really think about China and TE, the biggest play we have is around EV and Guy, youre right on. If you want to really participate in EV adoption globally, you have to participate in China or they're the biggest driver of it. And 70% of global fully battery electric vehicles that are adopted on the planet are produced this past year are basically in China. And the thing that I would tell you is, our market share with the local Chinese OEMs versus the multinationals is similar. And you have to realize today, well over 50% of production in China is local OEMs. So, the old days of the multinational brands owning the market, that's no longer the case. And when you look about our content story, our content story is being driven, not only with the multinationals with the local Chinese OEMs and we have a very good share position, content per vehicle when you look at it overall in China, it's pretty similar between the two, whether it's a multinational or a local Chinese OEM and honestly the growth we talked about and our CPV growth is really driven by, we're positioned well with both of them. So I know sometimes people say, well, I'm only with the multinationals. Not in that's not true with TE. TE's on essentially every car in the planet I always say. And what's really nice is what our team has done to really make sure they're penetrating both types of OEMs in China and it's been very important to our growth. And our China automotive business as I said in my prepared comments, all regions in automotive grew this quarter. And also for the year, we'll have growth in all regions. So, certainly we see sluggishness in China outside of automotive. We've actually seen auto production starting to ramp back up again and our positioning there is very strong.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Guy. And I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. If you have any additional questions, please reach out to Investor Relations at TE. Thank you, and have a nice morning. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today, July 26 on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude the conference for today.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivitys second quarter 2023 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, during the Q&A portion of todays call, we are asking everyone to limit themselves to one question and you may rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Sujal. And I do appreciate everyone joining us today to cover our results for our second fiscal quarter along with our outlook for our third quarter. Through the details on the slides, I want to take a moment to discuss our performance this quarter within the backdrop of what remains a dynamic market environment along with what were seeing versus our last call 90 days ago. We continue to operate in a world with cyclicality and certain end markets as well as impacts from foreign currency exchange and inflation. At the same time, [Technical Difficulty] so the strategic positioning of our portfolio around key secular trends, these include global growth in electric vehicle adoption, momentum and renewable energy adoption, growth in interventional medical procedures and wins in the artificial intelligence space. Growth from these trends are enabling us to offset the impacts from [Technical Difficulty] we delivered 8% organic sales growth that was above our guidance and adjusted earnings per share that was ahead of our guidance as well. We remain on our journey to expand margins through a combination of growth, price increases and cost reduction actions. As we discussed back in the first quarter, our plan was to drive margin improvement from the beginning of this year as we enter next year. We are executing to this plan and you see this in the sequential margin progression in our Transportation segment in the second quarter and the sequential margin expansion at the company level thats implied in our third quarter guidance. You all know that an important part of our business model is strong cash generation. With supply chain [Technical Difficulty] driving our inventory levels down and along with our teams strong operational performance, inventory reduction helped to drive free cash flow improvement of over 35% year-over-year in the first half and enabled us to continued strong return to capital back to our owners. So let me now provide some color on markets that were seeing and other updates [Technical Difficulty] with the macro environment were experiencing, it is driving uneven impacts across our portfolio. We have some markets that are growing, some that are remaining very stable and some that are cycling. And this is truly evident as we go through our second quarter results today where all our businesses in the Transportation and Industrial segments grew [Technical Difficulty], while both of our business in the Communication segment declined. Our view of the transportation and markets remained consistent with our prior view and we continue to expect auto production to remain roughly flat at approximately 20 million units per quarter as we move through the second half of our year. Our growth will continue to be driven by content outperformance and our lead [Technical Difficulty] electric vehicles. In our Industrial segment, when we spoke to you last quarter, all of our businesses were strong and our second quarter sales results reflect this. We continue to see strength in three out of our four businesses. Our commercial air business continues to recover. Our medical business had record quarterly sales and our energy business [Technical Difficulty] momentum in renewable applications. In our Communications segment, orders and sales remain weak due to both the market weakness and inventory corrections across our customers supply chain. Last quarter, we talked about being in a $450 million to $500 million quarterly revenue range and we now believe we will be at the lower end of this range for the next couple of quarters [Technical Difficulty] is to get worked off by our customers. And finally, before I get into slides, I do want to highlight the way we think about long-term value creation and that its remained unchanged. It is built on the pillars of secular growth and increased content around the markets where we have positioned TE. Strong free cash flow generation, a disciplined [Technical Difficulty] and levers, which will enable margin expansion as we move through this year as well as longer-term. So with that as a quick overview, let me get into the slides and discuss additional highlights that are on Slide 3. Our sales in the second quarter were $4.2 billion and it was head of our guidance driven by the [Technical Difficulty] we saw organic growth of 12% in the Transportation segment and 15% in the Industrial Solutions segment with organic growth in all businesses in these two segments. In our Communication segment, the decline was in line with our expectations. On a reported basis, sales were up 4% year-over-year and included approximately [Technical Difficulty] exchange headwinds. In the quarter, our orders grew 10% sequentially to $4 billion and I will talk more about order trend dynamics by segment on the next slide. Adjusted earnings per share was ahead of our guidance at $1.65 and included a $0.17 of currency exchange and tax headwinds versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins came in at 16%. Free cash flow for the first half of the year was very strong at approximately $850 million with nearly $800 million being returned back to our owners. And we do expect continued strong cash generation in the second half along with strong free cash flow conversion this year. We are expecting our third fiscal quarter sales to be approximately $4 billion and adjusted earnings per share to be around $1.65. Our guidance represents a sequential decline in sales, a flat earnings per share, which implies margin expansion from the second to third quarter. We continue to be confident in margin expansion as we move from the first half,largely driven by our Transportation segment. And just moving away from the financials for a second, we are pleased that we were named among Fortunes Worlds Most Admired Companies. This is the sixth consecutive year that TE has received this recognition, which measures a number of criteria including a companys investment value and product quality [Technical Difficulty] responsibility. So lets talk about orders and lets move to Slide 4 and well talk about order trends as well as what were seeing in the markets. The sequential growth of our orders to $4 billion reflects increased stability in the supply chain as well as our teams ability to improve the service levels to our customers. I think the key [Technical Difficulty] is that were continuing to see stability in Transportation, overall strength in the Industrial market and continued weakness in Communications. Looking at orders by segment, our Transportation orders grew 12% sequentially and this reinforces the stability I mentioned. In the Industrial segment, we saw sequential [Technical Difficulty] businesses with continued momentum around renewable applications in our energy business, improving trends in commercial air and as well as our medical business where we continue to see recovery. One change that weve seen since last quarter is that order patent are indicating moderation in certain industrial equipment end markets. In segment, orders reflect a continued weakness in the data and devices that weve talked about for a few quarters now as well as the expected moderation of the appliances market. So with that brief overview around orders, lets get into the year-on-year segment results that are highlighted on Slides 5 through 7 and you can see the details on each of these slides. Starting with Transportation, sales growth was strong up 12% organically year-over-year with organic growth across all businesses. Our auto business grew 14% organically versus auto production that was up low-single digits versus the prior year. The outperformance was driven by our leading position in electric vehicles, electronification trends in the vehicle [Technical Difficulty] from pricing. As we previously discussed, we were lagging in the recovery of inflationary pressures, but weve implemented price increases, which help us enable margin expansion as we go forward. While overall auto production is expected to remain flat for this fiscal year, we continue to expect production of hybrid and electric vehicles to be approximately [Technical Difficulty] in 2023. And as you know, we generate 2x to content and EV platforms versus ICE vehicles. So we expect our content per vehicle to continue to expand as we move through this year. In commercial transportation, we saw 7% organic growth driven by North America and Europe, partially offset by declines in China. We remain excited about our leading global position at electric vehicles for commercial transportation market. We continue to make significant progress with design wins at all the key truck, bus and specialty vehicle OEMs. We are providing a broad range of high voltage connectivity products, which are enabling our customers to solve fundamental challenges that they face in the EV space. These [Technical Difficulty] 1,000 volts throughout the vehicle, increasing the speed of battery charging and withstanding the harsh environment thats expected in a heavy truck application. Turning to our Sensors business, we had 9% organic growth, which was driven by automotive applications as we see increased volumes from our new design wins. [Technical Difficulty] adjusted operating margins were 16.6% as expected. While the dynamics of price versus inflation caused year-over-year impacts to margin, we saw an 80 basis point sequential improvement in the quarter reflecting the progress that I mentioned. We expect adjusted operating margins to improve sequentially again in the third quarter in the Transportation segment to get back into the high teens in the second half of the year. Now moving to the Industrial segment, sales increased 15% organically year-over-year with organic growth across all businesses. Our Medical business sales in a quarter was a record at $200 million and it had 26% organic growth. The interventional medical market was depressed following COVID, but nows back up to pre-pandemic levels and its nice to be talking about growth in medical again. In our energy business, we continue to see the growth momentum with 28% organic growth and this is entirely driven by renewable applications. We continue to drive growth both from wind and solar applications and the addressable market for TE and renewable applications has a double-digit CAGR and were helping enable utility scale solar and wind farm deployments around the world. When you get into these renewable applications, we provide switch gear and high voltage connectivity products and just to give you a little bit perspective, when we talk about high voltage and energy, these are mentioned in kilowatts, kilowatts, not volts like we talk about in the car. And its very important that the application knowledge we bring on these higher wattages are very important to enable these renewable applications. And through the  through our broad product portfolio, we are helping our customers reduce installation and maintenance cost. And you can see our strong positioning playing out in the growth of the renewable applications. And now in our energy business, its going to represent nearly 25% of our total revenue. Turning to our aerospace, defense, and marine, our sales were up 19% organically with ongoing improvement in the commercial air market. And finally, in the industrial equipment business, our sales were up 3% organically with growth in Europe, partially offset by weakness in the Americas and China. Adjusted operating margins for the segment came in at 14.6% and this reflects an impact from business mix as well as the impact from acquisitions and divestitures. We expect margins to expand sequentially into the third quarter and continue to target high teens margin for our industrial segment. Now let me turn to the Communications segment, where our sales were down as expected at 20% organically, but within the $450 million to $500 million range provided last quarter. The appliance market is down as we expected and declined across all regions. In data and devices, we were down due to market weakness and supply chain inventory digestion as I discussed earlier. Communications adjusted operating margins were 16.3% as we expected. As I mentioned earlier, we expect quarterly segment sales to be at the low end of the range we gave and closer to the $450 million and we think its going to be there for the next couple of quarters. And we do think adjusted operating margins at this lower volume will be able to maintain in the mid-teens. As we look beyond the near-term, I do want to highlight that our D&D business continues to have strong design win momentum and next generation platforms thats serving the cloud data center market. When you get into the rising complexity and artificial intelligence, it drives low latency architectures that need both high performance processing as well as interconnect. Im pleased that were engaged with the key ecosystem providers, including leading semiconductor and cloud companies. We have already generated over $1 billion of new design wins in AI and server applications and expect new programs to begin ramping up in fiscal 2024. So with that as a backdrop of the segment performance, let me turn it over to Heath, hell get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q2 financials. Adjusted operating income was $664 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 16%. GAAP operating income was $537 million and included $62 million of restructuring charges, $57 million of other non-cash charges related to divestiture activities and $8 million of acquisition related charges. Year-to-date, we have taken $166 million of restructuring charges and would expect full year restructuring charges to now be approximately $250 million as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was a $1.65 and GAAP EPS was a $1.34 for the quarter and included restructuring acquisition and other charges of $0.31. The adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 20% in Q2. For the third quarter and for the full year, we now expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 20%. Importantly, as always, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year. And lets turn to Slide 9. Sales of nearly $4.2 billion were up 4% reported and up 8% on an organic basis year-over-year. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $155 million and adjusted EPS by $0.15 versus the prior year. We expect FX to have a modest negative impact for both sales and EPS again in our third quarter on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted operating margins were 16% in the second quarter, price and perspectives, we saw about 200 basis points of headwind to our adjusted operating margins year-over-year as a result of lower volumes in our Communications segment combined with the impacts from currency exchange rates. As we go forward, we remain confident about margin expansion in the second half and its important to note that we are not dependent on higher volumes to drive margin expansion. We have successfully implemented pricing actions to offset inflationary impacts in our Transportation segment and this will drive margin expansion at the company level as we move through the second half of our fiscal year. We also expect that industrial margins will modestly expand in the second half from Q2 levels. Communications should remain in the mid-teens at the expected volume levels that Terrence mentioned. Its a good story here. In the quarter, we once again demonstrated our cash generation model of our business with cash from operations of $634 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was approximately $445 million. Through the first half of our fiscal year, free cash flow was $845 million, up 37% year-over-year was roughly $785 million [indiscernible] shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. As you may recall a few quarters ago, I indicated that we would look to drive our inventory levels lower as we see performance improving in our supply chain. And as Terrence mentioned earlier, we reduced inventory again this past quarter, which contributed to our free cash flow performance. We continue to remain disciplined in our use of capital and our long-term strategy remains consistent, which is to return two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders and use one-third for acquisitions over time. I want to stress that our capital structure remains very strong as evidenced by our robust credit profile, ample available liquidity and ease of access to the capital markets. We are maintaining a consistent financial policy and a strong balance sheet [Technical Difficulty] parts of our business model. Excuse me. Before I turn over to questions, let me provide a quick recap. The strategic positioning of our portfolio is enabling us to deliver strong results from secular growth trends despite cyclicality in certain end markets. From a market perspective, the Transportation and Industrial segments are consistent with our 90 days ago with ongoing cyclical weakness in our Communications segment as we expected. Our focus in the second half is to continue to generate strong free cash flow and expand our adjusted operating margins, driving to a higher margin rate as we enter fiscal 2024. We continue to demonstrate our strong cash generation model with a strong balance sheet that can support investments for growth. And we remain excited about the opportunities ahead of us to drive long-term growth, margin expansion and value creation for all of our stakeholders. With that, lets open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Heath. Chris, can you please get the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Could you comment more detail on
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Mark.
Mark Delaney: Good morning. Could you comment in more detail on your end market expectations for the balance of the year and how thats being impacted by the various cyclical cross currents and content drivers? And then on the topic of content, maybe elaborate if you could please on China in particular and how TEs content per vehicle and share compares between China domestic auto OEMs and then your content with the multinational OEMs.
Terrence Curtin: All right. Yes, thanks, Mark. Let me start with the first part of that, which is what are we seeing in the various markets and some of this will be repetitive but Ill add a little bit of color. Clearly, there is unevenness of what were seeing and I think with what we see in orders as well as the markets, it is  most of the industrial space continues to be very strong. You have stability in transportation and you have communication markets where you do have inventory correction, its market weakness. So I think you have to keep it in the framing of those big buckets. I think if you click down and I think about transportation, transportation is still  an automotive is still well below the 90 million plus or minus units have been back in 2019 and weve sort of been now for three years in a row around 80 million units. So were still off 11% or so on the production side. But one of the things that you can see comes through and its been built up over time is, our automotive business is up about $1.5 billion over the same period while productions down. And it is the content trends we talk about every quarter. It is about [Technical Difficulty] and its also about the chunk of that. The vast majority comes out of electric vehicles. And I think it shows, where we position the business and also we do expect this year in excess of $2 billion of our automotive revenue will be from electric vehicles. And thats something were proud of and it also proves the content. And even with production staying flat as weve said, were going to continue to see that content growth. Now the one thing we do have this year on our growth and content is the benefit from the pricing that we put into offset inflation. So thats about 300 basis points more on the growth and we would normally have. But I do feel with leaving the guide we said where margin will be up next quarter implied in our guidance versus this quarter really reflects those dynamics. I think when you get into the industrial businesses, we have three markets that still remember  remain strong and like we talked about last quarter, our industrial equipment market showed some plateauing in some areas and weve seen a little bit more weakness in our orders in certain areas in the industrial equipment market. Youre going to continue to see strong growth in our energy business due to renewable applications. If you take this quarter, we grew high 20%, but over  since 2019, its high single digit growth on a CAGR basis and its really what weve done to position TE around renewable and turn energy into a growth business. Medical, its really nice that you see the record revenue. I also think thats where we position ourselves in interventional procedures and I think thats something that  as we get supply chain corrected and growth back there again can be higher single digits. And then com air, were still in the recovery mode. Our revenue is still below pre-COVID levels, [indiscernible] is not back. So I still think theres upside there as that entire space recovers and the supply chains get better. And then in communications really whats happening there is, well documented, cloud spending pause we have throughout everything corrections across the supply chain and inventory, whether it be the OEM, the ODMs, any of the contract manufacturers that are there as well as distributors. And we do think thats going to be with us at least the next couple of quarters. But as I said on the call, feel very good that the design wins were getting on next generation artificial intelligence which comes on the back of cloud, where our teams are going to get there with the highest speed interconnects that are required really like where were positioned there. Once that does that inventory does get worked off and we move forward. So clearly some moving pieces, but I do think where weve talked to you about content is coming through and has come through during this cycle that weve been. Now let me turn to China, your second question. And I think the first thing we all have to remember is China just printed its GDP report and that was up 4.5%. Clearly, as it comes out of recovery, its been choppy. For TE what we see in China is the things in the Communications segment look very similar to the overall segment, not only in China but globally. So those markets are weak. A lot of supply chain correction. When you look at our Industrial segment, our bigger play in the Industrial segment in China is around our industrial equipment that remains weak and were looking to see if that does get some positive momentum. And then the automotive and transportation side, we grew last quarter, we expect to grow year-over-year this quarter. So we continue to see the growth from the momentum we have there. And I think whats important is when you think about it, China is the grower of electric vehicles globally. You see that in our growth. We have even share when you look at whether its a multinational or a local or shares very even, its something our teams have worked very hard to make sure we get. And as EVs get adopted, whether its in China or elsewhere in the world, its going to be something that drives content growth and its part of our four to six. So we dont see any change in our content momentum related to any OEM change. And whats important for TE is were always agnostic to OEM. Were trying to win and scale what we do for to make sure that the auto industry has further adoption of electric vehicles out to the consumer.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. We have the next question, please.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Snyder with UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. So the auto business was up 16% organically in the first half of the year. So about double-digit outgrowth versus production, 2x the targeted levels. How should we expect this trend into the back half of the year? The company in the prior response, you just called out about 300 basis points of price, I believe for auto this year. Is the back half stronger than the first half as the recent price increases are implemented or is that roughly flat throughout the year? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: No, thank thanks for the question. And what Im probably going to say first is, please be careful looking at content in any quarter or short period of time, because you do get into supply chain elements as you get in there. I do think to your comment around price, I do think 300 basis points youre going to  is going to be the benefit as we continue and as price rolls in. And that will continue to take for the year, drive us above the four to six range that we normally talk about. Price will be a part of that, when we look at this year. I think the other thing, and I know itll be a little bit probably redundant what I just said. We continue to expect that electric vehicles going to be 25% of global production. So I do think youre going to continue to see that set up be very good. And I think overall content per vehicle and how it trends over time is the most important factor to look at. So we talked about this a lot on these calls a few years ago back in 2018, we were in the low-60s, were in the low-80s today, that just proves its due to electric vehicle content and as well as supply chains continue to improve and our service levels go up. Youre going to have some of these into quarter impacts at times, but net-net feel very good about where were positioned on content growth.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Good morning. I was hoping to get some incremental color on the margins in Q2, where you made progress in transport, but industrials turned a bit lower. Also the detrimental margins on a year-on-year basis was much higher than normal. What drove that and how should we think about the overall margin and conversion margin trajectory through the course of this year? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Hey Wamsi, this is Heath. Ill take this one. Listen, I think the single biggest impact we look at the TE margins on a year-over-year basis is the pretty significant decline in the Communications segment. But you have to remember, if you go back a year ago, we kind of framed up the Communications segment margins as a bit overheated and it kind of showed how much volume leverage you could get at those types of volumes you were getting. And we have a business that goes from roughly a quarterly run rate of between $600 million and $650 million down to $450 million to $500 million, that deleveraging is steep. And you get brought back to reality pretty quickly. So we expected this, we were certainly didnt expand our cost structure or anything when our revenue was higher, knowing that it would cycle down at some point. Net-net and then if you add in the impact of FX, those together are over 200 basis points of impact year-over-year to the company margins. And quite honestly, if you go back and look at our third quarter, which is our June quarter that were guiding to now, and you look at that from last year, were going to have similar kind of impact. And that impacts both, whether you want to say the year-over-year margins, thats going to have that same impact. So thats implied in our guidance as you can see. But if you take a broader picture and say, where does it look like going forward from here, right? Were kind of running in this $4 billion range of revenue, plus or minus, Im not guiding thatll be beyond the quarter that we just gave, but lets just assume were kind of in that range. So Transportation is kind of this $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion quarterly in our back half of our fiscal year, industrial running between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, right? And then you get into the communications business, which as Terrence said is going to be closer to $450 million quarterly run rate for the next few quarters. I think when you look at that and you say, okay, whats that going to do for margins. Within transportation, the price that weve discussed so far in this call, and Terrence just walked through in a prior question that the price that we were  have been successful in implementing that was a long time coming and was negotiated contract by contract with OEM by OEM is largely in effect. And well get the full benefit of that as we work our way through the second half of the year. And it gives us confidence in our margins in addition to all the outside growth versus market that we get from content. So we feeling more confident around the transportation margins as we look forward. Industrial side is a bit more challenged, right? Weve got a business in here that the industrial equipment business, which is feeling the pressure on the order front and certainly as it translates into the revenue side of things. And that is our highest margin business within the segment. And you saw that as we move forward fiscal Q1 and our fiscal Q2 that, while industrial equipment grew albeit modestly at 3%, the rest of the segment far outgrew it. And if you look at how that impacted the mix within the industrial equipment  or Im sorry, within the industrial segment, it did have an impact. And well have an impact as we work our way through the rest of the year. Now the good news is as were seeing revenue increase for commercial transportation within aerospace and defense, Terrence also mentioned medical and then obviously our energy business, which weve highlighted on this call. Those, albeit, they have structurally lower margins than the industrial equipment business, volumes do help. And our commercial transportation  Im sorry, our commercial air business is not back to pre-pandemic levels yet. And so we are still catching up on the margin front. So theres some things trending in right directions. Theres also some things cycling down with our industrial equipment business that is putting pressure on those margins. But we do expect from a modeling perspective, Wamsi, if you wanted to assume a modest improvement as we move from our Q2 levels through the rest of the year within the segment. And then Communications is pretty straightforward. Listen, its roughly $450 million quarterly level, mid-teens is a good [Technical Difficulty] So I think weve discussed that already. So hopefully that answers your question. Happy to take anything else.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Wamsi. We have the next question, please.
Operator: The next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thanks. I guess, I was hoping if you folks could spend a better time just talking about from a supply chain perspective, what are you seeing from a component availability and then also the inflation side. And really on the inflation side, Id love to understand if you think the price increases so far are adequately offsetting this or do you think more that needs to be done here? And then just secondly, if I could get the clarification, could you just remind me what are you estimating from an auto production perspective in the June quarter? I think IHS is that 21.5 million units. So Id love to get a sense of what are you kind of taking into the guide to auto production side. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, sure. Let me do the last one first, all year, weve sort of said, were going to be around 20 million units on of auto production to 80 million in total. And its just going to be a flat environment and that hasnt changed from the beginning of the year. So thats pretty much how we think about it. And I know theres some differences of heavy vehicles that are in the IHS number that we put in our commercial transportation, but weve viewed flat. On your [Technical Difficulty] about supply chain inflation and price, I want to give a little bit before I get into supply chain is service levels of how were servicing our customers. Because I do think whether it is supply chain, whether it is the orders that I talked about earlier is theyre all interrelated. And its why when we talk about some markets being stronger stable, it does come into how were servicing our customers. And what I would tell you at the overall TE level, our service levels are back to 2019 at the overall TE level. Some people are higher, some people were servicing better as supply chain has improved. There are markets like commercial air and medical, which were late in the recovery. I would tell you our service levels still need to improve. And the main reason the service levels need to improve is were still seeing supply chain impacts. But at the big picture, what I would tell you is the availability across the global supply chain has improved. Our customers are feeling it from us. And I think thats a key element that also explained why we see some stabilization and backlog and I think our orders going up sequentially is a positive factor. Now from an inflationary impact, what I could tell you is places like freight and logistics, we have seen deflationary impacts. I would tell you elsewhere, its sort of just moving sideways. I wouldnt say its getting worse. I wouldnt say its getting better. And its why when we feel with the things that weve done on pricing, especially in transportation where were lagging, we do think were really in a mode of recovering the inflation that weve incurred over the past two years. And thats why we feel good about the margin impact and we do expect that the pricing will stink.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: The next question is from Joe Giordano from Cowen. Your line is open.
Joe Giordano: Hey guys, good morning.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Joe.
Joe Giordano: One just a quick clarification and then a question on an industrial and some of your other markets here. Just in China on EV, do you have a big spread between like, a high-end Tesla type vehicle and a low end kind of local manufacturer in terms of content. And then bigger picture, if I look at something like industrial equipment or IT obviously those are moderating here, but even with moderations, theres still up a lot even adjusted for inflation or M&A from like a pre-COVID level. So like if those markets  like how much of a real reset should we think is reasonable in like an economic downturn for something like that, thats moderating now but still up a lot over a like a fairly short period. Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Let me take both of those. So first off, when you think about content per vehicle, I think what you have to start with, especially, with China is anytime you move from an electric vehicle to from a combustion engine, thats a content growth element for us, because were on both multinationals and locals. So I do think the bigger thing is to be thinking about not comparing content between, its really about it drives content growth, because we have a good position on them. And depending upon classic car, youre always going to have, whether its a combustion or electric vehicles going to come into the features of whats in the vehicle. So I think the real thing is as I think Chinas over 20% of new car sold or electric vehicles, all that is good for us. And its really a key driver to our growth and weve always said Asia overall is the growth driver of electric vehicles. So the 25% of the 80 million units that weve always, that we say we think its going to be at this year, 70% of those units are going to be in Asia and certainly China, China is the largest. So its only positive for us. One industrial equipment, I think the element that you come into and let me add a little bit of color to your question is, industrial equipments a very broad space. Theres factory automation, theres building automation things that go into construction, theres process automation, theres a number of different buckets and what I would tell you, in areas around factory automation that supports consumer electronics, that  there will be some element of where that will downdraft areas around building automation. Also, weve seen weakening there where you get into the commercial construction side. So I dont expect itll be what we see in our Communications segment, but you will see it come down a little bit as some of those markets moderate. Theres also the element of our service levels have improved across that market as well, even though its up and we are seeing some of our OEM customers pull out some buffer stock. So we do think there can be some moderation, right now you can probably think about it, the growth and the other three businesses can offset some of that moderation. But we got to continue to watch it and make sure it stays contained in some of the submarkets in the industrial space.
Sujal Shah: Hey, thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Scott.
Scott Davis: I want to switch gears a little bit. And you mentioned AI a couple times in the prepared remarks, but how material is this upgrade cycle? Is this kind of a nice to have or is this something that could be kind of a multi-year pretty powerful demand driver for you guys?
Terrence Curtin: No, super, Scott. So yes, Scott, we talked about it and we talked about some of the design wins because its really just the next extension of what you get into high speed. So one of the things thats nice is where we position ourselves in cloud that will be a multi-year cycle is you get into those higher speeds and also the importance of like I said the low latency you need. So those design wins were getting today will start in 2024 and I think it could be very similar to the cloud cycle that we saw over the past three years to four years. So I think as we work through the whole communications and the telecom and the cloud inventory work off, once that settles, I think youre going to continue to see content growth that will be both from reinvigorated cloud investment plus the AI element that will really drive our D&D business as you get into 2024, 2025 and beyond.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Scott. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to dig into Transportation revenues a little bit more. Looks like it was well above your guidance production maybe in line with guidance, but theres always some timing around supply chain and EV launches pull forward or more likely push out a little bit. So sounds like you expect consistent revenue in the back calf. So just curious what really changed there with the volumes that came through versus expectations.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So when you look at it, one of the things we saw is that a lot of our over performance in this past quarter was really out of Europe. And Europe was an area that coming into this year and I dont think we were a typical of anybody else between what was going on from a utility perspective and energy cost as well as the war. And I would tell you in our Transportation business and our OEM customers, theyve been building more aggressively than we wouldve thought when we came into it. Chinas a little bit slower, which sort of gets you to the flattish and really not changing our view, but whats really nice is, we were able to service them when they wanted it here. And on the back half, the back half isnt that much different. When you go first half, second half, and when you think about were going to be down sequentially a little in Transportation thats really just due to the choppiness I talked about in China.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is from Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thanks, and good morning, everyone.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Matt.
Matt Sheerin: I had a question regarding your distribution channels Terrence, I know that youve got a big concentration of distribution within your industrial markets and I imagine youre seeing some feedstocking at the industrial equipment market, but are you seeing that play out anywhere else or expectations that that the distributors are going to start to cut inventories, particularly as lead times continue to come in?
Terrence Curtin: Sure. So couple of things Matt, just to frame everything, when you really look at where we play in the distribution channel, certainly in our Communication segment, a big chunk goes through to our channel partners and youre exactly right, a big chunk goes through in our industrial business and our aerospace business. Now what I would tell you is in our aerospace business, as that continues to ramp, orders continue to grow, backlog builds and certainly we need to continue to increase our output to service the backlog and get service levels where they were before the pandemic. So what you see is you sort of see trends in the distribution channel that do mirror what we talk about in our different business verticals. So weve been seeing already, and its started a few quarters back with our distribution partners, those that were around our Communication segment units. Order levels have come down. They have been trying to manage their inventory, its probably at  its at the higher end of their range. And thats something that when we talk about what were going to be at a $450 million in the next couple of quarters, that includes OEMs bringing down inventory, ODMs bringing down inventory, and certain our distribution partners getting to a better inventory level. I would tell you in the Industrial space, we have seen some impacts, but I would also say part of it comes to service levels. So during COVID, when we could not meet service levels due to supply chain, certainly our customers would go to our distribution partners to get product, which is part of the role they play. We have seen as our service levels improve, youve seen buffer stocks taken out and we have seen order levels weaken in certainly those industrial markets. Its not even across all of them like we see in communications, its around the markets that we talked about that can be building automation and things like that. And we do see that the inventory levels are at the higher end of the range that our distribution partners would want to be at. So thats why their inventory levels are a little bit down but not to the extent that we see in the Communication segment.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. Matt. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is from Samik Chatterjee with J.P. Morgan. You line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I guess thanks for all the color about the individual end markets. I was just trying to think of it in more aggregate terms when we take all your outlook for the different end markets auto activity here. Are we comfortable that in relation to cycling pass trough in relation to aggregate autos as you sort of match all those outlooks up by the end markets? And maybe if you can touch on autos there particularly, I know you mentioned choppiness in China, but I just also has a pretty material step up in production in China all through the year. Is that what you sort of are maintaining more caution around or are you seeing it in the orders yet? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, no, so a couple of things. As I said on our orders in Transportation, they were actually up 12%. And I think the other thing we have to realize, the China automotive market does a big build in our December quarter. So typically, you do have a step down in China and we sort of view China auto production for the rest of our fiscal year being pretty flat to where it was in the second quarter. So we dont see an acceleration of build, but I do want to highlight that typically the December quarter Chinese auto producers do a big build to meet production targets. And as we look forward, it is choppy right now. Were watching it. Certainly, the price activity that certain OEMs are doing in China, I think is creating a little bit of pause for consumers to say, hey, how does this settle out? The Chinese consumer is an intelligent consumer when it comes to price. So there are some things that are creating some near-term choppiness, but we view its going to be flat from here when we look at auto production in China for the rest of our fiscal year.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Samik. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. I was just curious on the restructuring charges that youve taken year-to-date and plan to date for the full year. How those are flowing through the income statement? When are you getting to benefits? What kind of return on it? It looks like more is going into Transportation and other segments based on what I saw in the slides, any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Thanks, Steven. Yes. We did, as you recall, when we went out early part of the year back in our initial view into 2023, we said the restructuring would be somewhere around $150 million, which was flat from prior year. And then in the last call 90 days ago, I said we were reevaluating that and we did and in the discussions with our business and obviously with our Board, weve increased that by about $100 million to $250 million. Now you are right. There is chunks, it is just in Transportation, there is some incremental things were doing to adjust some cost structure, as you can imagine in this more accelerated downturn in both the Communications and in the Industrial equipment business that is driving some of that in addition to accelerating some of the rooftop consolidations and other parts of TE that had been planned that we want to go ahead and pull in and get done sooner that weve determined we have the capacity to handle. So thats part of it. Now, a bigger chunk of this has been the trend over the past couple of years has been a little bit more in Europe based. And the payback, when you start getting into Europe based restructuring activity is a little bit longer than what you would think of in other parts of the world and it just has to do with the demographics that youre dealing with and country constructs and statutory requirements. So if youre looking at it, I would say nor and historically weve said that the payback on our restructuring has been just inside of two years. Thats been traditionally kind of how its blended together. Its a little bit longer for that, especially for this incremental piece. Its probably stretching out to 2.5 maybe not quite three years on the payback of this, but it does give us structural benefits in terms of fixed cost reductions and thats what were really aiming for to lower the fixed cost side of the thing and give us more nimbleness to flex the business.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is William Stein from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. You all have done an excellent job of highlighting the content growth opportunity in EV and executing against it. At Teslas recent Analyst Day, they showed how in the Cybertruck and then also in the next-gen platform, their transitioning the lower voltage part of the vehicle to a 40 volt architecture. And this looks like it consumes significantly as content in terms of cabling and I suspect connectors as well. Can you talk about the degree to which this might have already become a trend at other OEMs or if its brand new and still on the com and what the impact if any you think this will have in your business? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks. Thanks, Will. So when you get into this, I think the first thing is even if you take a Model 3, which has a simplified harness versus the Model S, we have more content on it. So I appreciate harnesses being showed, but you really need to look at, when you look at a harness, not the wire, you need to look at the functionality. And in some cases what certainly theyre trying to achieve is how do they approve assembly, assembly quality as well as they do over the top updates. But when youre bringing data power and signal together and its coming together and what may look like its a simplified harness. The interconnects on that harness are a lot more complicated, higher pin count and a higher pin count means an individual contact or connection point. So what you get into while the harness simplifies and yet if we made cable or we were a harness maker would probably be bad for us. What occurs is you move to a lot more complicated interconnect [ph], which typically have data power and signal running through them, which create a whole bunch of other demons in the architecture that engineers need to solve for. And what we get excited about that actually while it may lower the amount of interconnects themselves, the more complex interconnects in there are higher content, more highly engineered and really what you get rid of as some of the commodity interconnects that are out there. So  and the same goes through if you jump from not only a simplified harness, you get into zonal architecture, all of that plays into part of the content increase we talk about when we talk about electronification. So the trend for us, we like it. It does get into what we do and what we do well, and weve dealt with this for decades and its going to continue to evolve. And I think certainly when you get to an electric vehicle that allows you to look at the architecture with a clean sheet versus a nice vehicle, and thats what wed like to do. So net-net, its a positive for us. Appreciate you bringing up the question.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is from Luke Junk with Baird. Your line is open.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Question for Heath this morning. Heath, as you saw the change in mix developed during the quarter in Industrial. Im wondering how the margins within the sub segments performed or levered versus your excitation in the areas that are exciting right now, so differently, should we view adverse mixes being more mechanical or are there levers you can pull to get to that better volume leverage out of those higher growth areas that youre envisioning in the back half? And maybe if you could put a finer point on what you think margins might look like in Industrial in the back half, thatd be great too. Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Luke. Listen, I mean, the thing were coming off of is a pretty significant, what were worried about in terms of our worry beads as a mix of that of obviously less of the industrial equipment business, which it can run anywhere from 500, 800 basis points more profitable than the combination of the other businesses in that segment if you combine those all up. Now, the challenge then is obviously weve enjoyed a nice part of the cycle and the margins that that has helped drive for the segment overall is to minimize that impact on the way down and some of the restructuring undertaking that I just mentioned is going to help with that. The other side is getting more volume leverage out of the pieces as you mentioned that were growing through. And theres a lot of moving parts in that that I wont want to air in terms of how weve layered in acquisitions and the impact from those acquisitions is also some of the rooftop consolidations and things that dont get captured restructuring, but drive near-term margin pressures. But I do feel confident, as I think about our aerospace defense business to continue, weve seen it, although we dont share those margins at the business unit level externally. We have seen that business begin to improve as commercial air has come off of a pretty steep decline and is starting to work its way back, but still not back to pre-pandemic levels. Our medical business is not nearly as profitable, but as weve seen the volume get back to pre-pandemic levels weve started to see volume leverage there. And then the other piece is our energy business, which is more of a steady state margin business. So there is some challenge that we have as we look at it on the near-term as I look at it and look at where the growth is coming from and how that mix impact goes. I could see it if I was to frame it up the industrial equipment business could run another lets say 50 to 100 basis points higher as we work our way through into the second half. But the ultimate goal here and if the team was here to show it, I mean the ultimate goal was still high margins within this segment. And we know that we do a lot of acquisitions in this segment. Sometimes theyre small for TE, but theyre more meaningful for the segment. That resets it down some, but the goal is still to get the operating footprint in the right place where it needs to be as well as getting the overall cost structure where it needs to be. So I feel good about where well get to on this mix impact in the near-term is a bit of a pinch point for us.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is from Shreyas Patil with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Shreyas Patil: Hey, thanks so much. In the past, youve talked about typical price downs that you pay customers. I think normally its in the 1% to 2% range, especially within your automotive business. You have been taking price over the last couple of years through recoveries. But with the supply chains broadly stabilizing, Im wondering if you expect that youll have to start those price downs with customers again. And if so, are you able to extract productivity from your own supply base or drive restructuring savings to kind of help mitigate that?
Terrence Curtin: So Shreyas, thanks for the question. I do think theres an element there that and where does price really occur, like you sort of say, its typically in our automotive and our D&D business is where you really see those types of impacts, like you stated. I dont think were close to that yet, and with where inflations at for TE and still were in a recovery mode thats the discussions that were having with our customers. I think there  if there was things like deflation, real deflation and things like that, we may get back to those traditional patterns because it does come into how do we drive productivity that helps our customer if they hit the volumes in places like auto. But thats not going to be something were seeing in the second half, but as cost comes down around the world, that is something we could get back into in outer years.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Shreyas. Before we wrap up, we have heard from some of you that we had patchiness of audio cutting in and out, so we are going to publish our earnings script on the Investor Relations portion of the website and that should be up shortly. Thank you everyone for joining us today. And if you have any questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Have a nice morning. Thank you
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, todays conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 AM Eastern Time today, April 26, 2023, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivitys website. That will conclude todays conference for today.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's first quarter 2023 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, during the Q&A portion of todays call we are asking everyone to limit themselves to one question and you may rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thanks, Sujal and thank you everyone for joining us today to cover our results for our first fiscal quarter along with our outlook for our second quarter. Before Heath and I take you through the details on the slides, I do want to take a moment to discuss our performance within the backdrop of the current environment along with what we're seeing since our call 90 days ago. Clearly, we're all experiencing a lot of moving pieces in the global macro environment. While this volatility is creating cyclicality in specific end markets, we continue to benefit from secular trends leading to outperformance across many of the markets we serve. The strategic positioning of our portfolio and our teams execution enabled us to deliver sales and adjusted earnings per share that exceeded our guidance and we also delivered strong free cash flow in the quarter. We generated high single-digit organic growth year-over-year with organic growth in all businesses, in our transportation and industrial solutions segments. The growth in these two segments offset incremental weakness in our communication segment. And while we can't control the macro environment or the headwinds from currency exchange effects, we are taking actions on the elements of our business model that we can control. Our industrial segment continues on its journey to expand margins towards its high teens margin target and we'll talk through that in the call. As well as we continue to implement price increases to offset inflation in our transportation segment. In addition, we continue to drive cost reduction and footprint consolidation efforts and are now implementing additional structural reductions in communications to ensure we stay in line with the target margins of that segment as we go forward. So let me provide some additional color on our markets and other updates since our call 90 days ago. Our view of the transportation end markets remain unchanged. Our growth will continue to be driven by content outperformance from our global leading position in electric vehicles and electronification trends even in an environment where auto production we expect to remain flat this year. Our view of the industrial end markets is also consistent with our prior view. We are seeing continued strong recovery in the commercial air and medical markets, as well as continued momentum and renewable applications in our energy business. In our communication segments, this is where we're seeing changes versus our prior review. Last fall, we highlighted that we were expecting moderation in cloud demand in our Data and Devices business and we're now seeing incremental weakness in enterprise and telecom applications along with inventory adjustments across the broader supply chain that serves the Data and Device market. And as typical our expectation is that the inventory [ph] adjustment will last a few quarters. Turning to orders from a company perspective our book-to-bill level remain below one as we expected due to the strong backlog coverage from our customers and increased stability in the broader supply chain. And I do want to highlight that our backlog remains near record levels and is almost 2X higher than we were in pre-COVID. Lastly, I do want to comment on the inflationary environment and just want to stress that we continue to be in an inflationary environment and we've negotiated additional price increases with our customers and transportation, which will take effect as we move through this year. These increases will partially offset these inflationary costs and we expect to have positive contributions to the transportation margins later in 2023 from the price cost dynamic. So with that as a quick overview, let me now get into the slides and discuss additional highlights and we'll start on Slide 3. Our first quarter sales were $3.8 billion and this was up 8% organically year-over-year. We saw market outperformance in transportation and continued growth and recovery in the industrial segment, which offset the sales decline in our Communications segment. Our sales were up 1% year-over-year on a reported basis and was impacted by approximately $300 million of currency exchange headwinds. Order of backlog trends continue to reflect a strong demand environment in both the transportation and industrial segments, and I'll get into more details about order trend dynamics by segment on the next slide. Adjusted earnings per share was ahead of our guidance at $1.53 and included $0.25 of currency exchange and tax headwinds versus our prior year. Adjusted operating margins came in as expected at 16.2%. Our free cash flow was strong at $400 million and we returned approximately $410 million to shareholders, and we'll continue to be aggressive with share buybacks, taking advantage of market dislocations and our share price. As we look forward, we are expecting second quarter sales to be approximately $3.9 billion and adjusted earnings per share to be around $1.57. Our guidance represents sequential growth in sales driven by the Transportation and Industrial Solutions segments and this will offset a sequential decline in our communication segment. Our teams remained focused on how we innovate with customers around the key secular trends that we position TE around, such as electric vehicles, renewable energy and data centers, just to name a few. Now I would like to move away from the financials just for a moment and I'm pleased that TE was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the 11th consecutive year. This recognizes our positive environmental, social, and governance policy and puts TE in the top 10% of the largest 2500 companies in the S&P Broad Market Index based upon long term ESG criteria. So let me get into the order trends in markets and I would appreciate if you could turn to Slide 4. For the first quarter, our orders were $3.6 billion and I think the key take away by segment is that we're seeing stability in transportation, strength in the industrial solutions segment, and we've seen incremental weakness in communications. I also want to highlight that as you look at this slide and you compare orders versus the prior year, there are some key moving pieces I want to highlight. First off is, while currency impact sales, they also do impact orders. And so to compare we're comparing different currency rates year-on-year. And the prior year also has higher than normal order levels due to the broad supply chain challenges we were all dealing with. I do also want to highlight, as I stressed earlier, that our backlog remains at near record levels. So let me get the orders by segment. Our transportation book-to-bill was 0.95, reflecting ongoing stable environment and strong backlog levels. On an organic basis, our transportation orders grew 9% year-over-year and it reinforces our ongoing strong content growth momentum in what is essentially a flat production environment. In our industrial segment, the book-to-bill of 1.02 reflects strong demand across most of them served end markets were in. We continue to see momentum around renewable applications and energy and are also continuing to see improving order trends in commercial air and medical as those markets continue to recover. Turning to communications, the orders reflect the incremental weakness in Data and Devices that I talked about. And the other thing I want to highlight on the orders is the appliance market is moderating as we expected and we've been talking to you about. As we continue to move through this year and continue to see supply chain improvements and a reduction of backlog levels, we expect book-to-bill levels to remain below 1, which is consistent with what we've been talking to you about. So with that as a brief overview of orders, let me now briefly discuss year-over-year segment results in the quarter that are laid out on Slide 5 through 7 and you can see the details on each of those slides. Starting with transportation, sales growth was strong. It was up 14% organically year-over-year, with organic growth across all businesses. Our auto business grew 20% organically versus auto production that was roughly flat versus the prior year. The outperformance was driven by our global leading position in electric vehicles. We're benefiting from electronification trends in the vehicle as well as some benefits from our pricing actions. While overall auto production is expected to be flat for this fiscal year, we expect production of hybrid and electric vehicles to grow approximately 25% of the total global auto production in 2023. And as you know, we generate 2X the content in EV platforms versus combustion engine vehicles. So we expect our content per vehicle to continue to expand as we move through the year. In the commercial transportation business, we saw a 3% organic growth, driven by growth in North America and Europe. And this growth was partially offset by declines driven by a continued China market that's weak. And in our centers business, we grew 3% organically and that was driven by our growth in automotive applications. At the Transportation segment level, adjusted operating margins were 15.8% as expected, reflecting the lag in the timing of price actions to offset inflation. Over the past three to four months, we took incremental cost actions and are implementing additional price increases to improve margin performance. We expect adjusted operating margins to improve sequentially into quarter two and get back to the high teens in the second-half of this year as we mentioned last quarter. Now let me turn to the industrial segment. In this segment, sales increased 7% organically year-over-year, with organic growth across all businesses. Our industrial equipment business was up 3% organically, driven by continued benefits from automation applications. Our AD&M business was up 14% organically with growth driven primarily by ongoing improvement in the commercial air market. In energy, we saw 8% organic growth with continued momentum in renewable applications. And our medical sales were up 5% organically and we're benefiting from the recovery and interventional procedures. As you can see on the slide, from a margin perspective, we expanded adjusted operating margins by almost 200 basis points and we continue to make progress towards our high teens margin target for this segment. Now let me turn to Communications. And in this segment, our sales were down 11% organic. The appliance market is down as we expected and as you would expect, with the benefit we got during COVID as it turns, we saw declines across all regions in this business. Our Data and Device business was down 6% organically, and this was driven by broad market weakness, which I already discussed. In the Communications segment, adjusted operating margins were 17%, driven by lower volume including declines in higher-margin distribution sales. We are taking additional cost actions to improve margin performance in this segment as we go forward. We will balance these actions with investments for growth as we continue to see strong design win momentum in next-generation platform serving the cloud data center market. So with that as a quick overview of our performance by segment, let me turn it over to Heath, and he'll get into more details on the financials as well as our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q1 financials. Adjusted operating income was $622 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 16.2%. GAAP operating income was $502 million and included $111 million of restructuring and other charges and $9 million of acquisition-related charges. You'll note that we have taken nearly $200 million of restructuring charges over the last two quarters as we aggressively optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization. We now expect full year restructuring charges to increase versus last year and as we mentioned last quarter, with the charges being more heavily weighted towards the first half of our fiscal year. We will provide further updates to the restructuring expectations as we move through the year. Adjusted EPS was $1.53, and GAAP EPS was $1.25 for the quarter and included restructuring, acquisition, and other charges of $0.28. The adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 20% in Q1. And for the second quarter and for the full year, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 21%. And as always, importantly, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year. Now let's turn to Slide 9. Sales of $3.8 billion were up 1% reported and up 8% on an organic basis year-over-year. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by approximately $300 million and adjusted EPS by $0.21 versus the prior year. In the second quarter, we expect currency exchange rates to be a headwind of approximately $165 million year-over-year. And last quarter, we indicated that foreign exchange would negatively impact full year sales by approximately $1 billion year-over-year. We now expect the full year impact to be roughly half of this number at the current exchange rates. Adjusted EPS was $1.53 and adjusted operating margins were 16.2% as we expected. Now turning to cash flow, in the quarter we once again demonstrated the cash generation model of our business with cash from operations of $581 million, free cash flow was approximately $400 million, and we returned over 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. We continue to remain disciplined in our use of capital, and our long-term strategy remains consistent. And as you know, that is to return two thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders and use one third for acquisitions over time. Before I turn it over to questions, let me provide a quick recap. The strategic positioning of our portfolio enabled us to deliver Q1 sales and adjusted EPS that exceeded our guidance. From a market perspective, the Transportation and Industrial segments are consistent with our view 90 days ago. We continue to benefit from content growth in Transportation and continued market recovery and growth in the Industrial segment. However, some of this was offset with cyclical weakness in communication end markets and the inventory adjustments that come with that. We continue to execute on our margin journey and you can see that progression in the Industrial segment. We remain focused on the actions that we can control, implementing price increases to offset inflation and driving additional structural cost reductions to improve our margin performance as we go forward. We continue to demonstrate our strong cash generation model, with strong balance sheet that can support investments for growth. We will balance the short-term pressures with long-term opportunities, and I'm very excited about the opportunities we have to drive long-term growth, margin expansion, and value creation for our customers, employees and shareholders. Let's now open up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Heath. Abby, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Hey, good morning guys. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Could you please provide more detail on orders, specifically the linearity of how orders tracked over the course of the quarter and into January and any differences in order trends by end market?
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Mark. Thanks for the question. First off, how orders trended during the quarter and even into January had been pretty stable outside -- except for our Communications segment. So when you think about orders linearity or orders were stable, except for the one area that we highlighted. And what's interesting is, and you see it on the orders chart, our backlog in both TS and IS are up year-over-year. We have seen our backlog being worked down in TS, and it reflects the demand dynamics that we see. So from a demand, I think you got to look at both orders and the backlog together to really get a picture. If you break it apart by segment, as I said on the call, Transportation, if you remove currency effects, our orders were up 9% year-over-year. And production has been running around this 20 million units per quarter. So relatively, it's got more stable, and the supply chain has improved. And really, that growth really comes into the content that you see the strong outperformance and that we've, I think, proven to you about our content opportunity. In Industrial, we continue to benefit from some markets that are recovering. You see that Comm Air, while single aisle is back very -- back to pre-COVID levels, dual aisle aircraft, which are bigger content opportunities for us are starting to improve. So we still see recovery there. Also in medical, we see it. And in those two markets, we still see some broader supply chain challenges, but we see our orders continuing to accelerate there and renewables I talked about as well. The only place in Industrial, I would highlight, we had multiple years of very strong growth in our industrial equipment business. We probably see that plateauing. It would probably be how I would phrase it because that growth is just off a very high base, and we're going to have tough compares. And in Communications, where we really saw the weakness, I would say, we always highlighted to you that the appliance business that we had was going to benefit in cycle due to the COVID benefit it got. It's playing out as we expected where it got worse was in communications, where we were expecting moderation in cloud CAPEX spend. We solely got weaker both in enterprise and telecom type applications. And that supply chain is here, let's face it, whether it's distributors selling into EMS or lower-tier players or the ODMs and EMS. They all make the same, and what we are experiencing is we do see inventory burn happening there. So I think it's more of a cyclical element we're dealing with. And as you go through inventory burns, as I said on the call, that's going to be with us for at least a couple of quarters, that's going to have a cyclical pressure with us in communications.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Mark. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Kelley from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Kelley: Hey, good morning and thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on the Communications Solutions segment discussion. I was hoping you could provide a bit more color on the progression of comms demand throughout the quarter? And then can you give us a view or sense into how you're thinking about sequential 2Q sales and margin trajectory for the segment? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure, David. Thanks for the question. And I'm not going to repeat what I said in the last question on the demand side. But as you think about our comm segment, last year, pretty much every quarter, it ran in excess of $600 million and really showed the momentum we have in those applications. In the first quarter, it's down to 520. When we look at where we see the demand levels, we think that we're probably going to be around $450 million to $500 million in revenue in the second quarter. So we do expect an incremental step down with what we're seeing in demand patterns and this inventory work off. And then right now, with the best we can tell, that's probably where we're going to stay for a couple of quarters. So that's how I think you should think about it. I do think what you'll see from a margin perspective is I think we've done a great job proving to you what we've done with the cost base of this segment when you saw the margin outperformance last year. But I do think you'll see this in the mid-teens as we work through this and working its way back up as the inventory works up into the higher teens as we work through the year.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you David. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Terence, can you just help us with some color around margins in your other segments as well, particularly, you stressed confidence in moving industrial back to high teens and also recovery in transport margins. How much of that is predicated on some of these restructuring actions versus the pricing initiatives that you've taken in transport and how contractual are those or is there a lot of cyclicality or uncertainty associated with accomplishing those initiatives?
Heath Mitts: Wamsi, this is Heath, and I'll take the question. First of all, if you just take a step back for a second, our margin targets for each of the segments is unchanged. I mean we will react to different types of market conditions in terms of the demand environment, as you would expect us to. But in terms of how we focus some of the cost reduction and footprint consolidation efforts, those strategically are unchanged. Now we've accelerated some things, and you've seen that more recently in some of the charges that we've taken. And some of that is in response to a quicker decline in the communications business than what we had originally anticipated. But if you just break it down by the three segments, and they each have a little bit different story, the transportation margins we've talked to you about, there's been a lag from -- when we felt the inflationary pressures and continue to, and we feel those real-time versus when we can get the negotiated price increases in effect. And those are meaningful price increases, and we're confident that we are in the -- as we implement those real time, that those are going to have a nice benefit for us as we work our way through the year and would expect the Transportation segment margins to be in the high teens during the second half of fiscal 2023. The Industrial business, we're pleased with the performance. As you see in the quarter, not just year-over-year expansion, but as we continue to move forward, we've been committed to a high teens margin trajectory for the Industrial segment. That has been a balance of both restructuring and growth, and you'll continue to see us move our way through that and hopefully appreciate the progress that you see reflected in our Q1 results accordingly. And then Communications is a bit of the wildcard right now. Obviously, the prior couple of years, you saw the types of margins that can kick out at the types of volume levels that we were seeing. And as Terrence mentioned, if you go back and look over the last year plus, our communications business was running well north of $600 million a quarter in revenue. And as we go into a period here, as there's some inventory corrections and so forth where we see the revenue being somewhere in that $450 million to $500 million range for the Communications segment, as Terrence mentioned, there will be a deleveraging impact we will get after the cost structure, as you would expect. Our long-term margin for this business is still around 20%, but we're not going to be able to react in one quarter to be able to preserve that. So I think Terrence just mentioned it, and I'll mention it again, if you're modeling it, I'd say the Communications segment will be in the mid to high teens from a margin perspective this year as we deal with the decline. But importantly, all the areas that we are focused in and all the platforms that we have won relative to the areas that we're excited about have very good margin opportunities as we move forward. So we are confident in the overall margin projection there.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Wamsi. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder from UBS. Your line is open.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. I know the company is only guiding for the March quarter, but I wanted to ask a little bit about the outlook for the various end markets into the back half of the year. And then specifically for auto, I know the company said last quarter that there was agreed to price coming into effect in January. Is that not really having an impact until the back half or are you going to start to see that in Q2? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thanks, Chris. Let me talk on the first part before -- thanks Chris, sorry about that. Let me talk about the first part before I get to your price question. Like you said, I'll give you some insights that I think I said in the script around how we think markets could develop. We are only guiding for one quarter. And so in transportation, while I think there's a couple of key points as we think about these markets, I think we've said very clearly that we expect production to be flat. I also think it's important to highlight, we're still well below pre-pandemic levels in auto production. So while it might be around 80 million units a year and flat versus 2019, that's -- there were 88 million cars made in the planet. So we're still below pre-pandemic levels by about 10% on production. When you look at this year, it's all going to be about our penetration in our global leading position in electric vehicles. And what we get excited about is that position, I said on there, if electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids get up to about 25% of that 80 million units, our revenue -- or auto revenue this year, the amount around electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids, will be well in excess of $2 billion of our revenue in automotive. And I think we've proved the content story there. We continue to prove it, and you see it in the outperformance. Looking at outside of automotive and transportation, commercial transportation, last year was a negative market for that -- those submarkets. This year is probably going to be flattish with anything going on in North America and Europe being offset by China weakness, and we'll slightly outgrow that due to our content momentum. In Industrial, I already covered Comm Air, and medical are recovering markets so we expect that you're going to continue to see further growth in these markets because it's how we're catching up. And then there's also levers of further growth potential, especially when you get into Comm Air and dual aisle aircraft, which are only at 50% of pre-pandemic levels. And renewables, that momentum continues. So I really don't view that's going to slow, and that's up to 25% of our energy revenues related to renewables. And in Communications, I think we spent a lot of time on already about how you should think about that market from here as well as maybe where the revenue can be. On the second part of your question around pricing, in the first quarter we were with our customers. And our pricing in automotive, it does lag. When we get inflationary pressures, inflation doesn't stop. We have negotiation with our customers, and we did an additional round in the December quarter, which were negotiated, and now they are starting to come in. They do phase in into the early part of calendar year. And we will get margin improvement in transportation this quarter, in the second quarter from the first quarter, and then it will continue to increase as we go through the year. So those have been negotiated, and we're going to start seeing the benefits of those as they come in as we work through this year.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Chris. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is open.
Matthew Sheerin: Yes, thanks, and good morning. Heath, I wanted to just ask about your inventory levels. I know last quarter, you talked about some margin headwinds due to reduction in your own inventory within transportation. It looks like your actual inventory dollars were up quarter-on-quarter. So could you walk us through that inventory picture? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Yes. Sure, Matt. Thanks for the question. And honestly, it's fairly straightforward. And we normally grow inventory in our fiscal Q1 rather than what we're talking about today in anticipation of things specifically related to activities in China, in anticipation of the Chinese New Year. So if you think about the increase we had from sequentially within the quarter, about half of that was just the revaluation due to foreign exchange. And the other half was the planned inventory build that we anticipate. As you think about it for the year, I -- we'll continue to be aggressive. I do not anticipate -- and when you look at -- when we sit back and look at this at the end of the year, that we're going to have a material inventory inflation. Obviously, we'll do what we need to do on the communications side as we deal with everything Terence has talked about already. And then the other two segments are well on plan for that. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Sujal Shah: Thank you Matt. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citi. Your line is open.
James Suva: Thank you. Your transportation content story is very positive and compelling. So congratulations on that. One concern we get though is given a recession or a slowdown and the economy concern, is there any signs of auto unit you mentioned flat outlook, but a potential inventory correction there or a slowdown there as we progress through 2023?
Terrence R. Curtin: No. Thanks Jim for the question. And what we continually monitor with our customers is really how's inventory to the consumer. And when we look at that inventory, Jim, North America is still in the mid-30 days, which is well below the 60 days, which is more traditional. Europe is pretty much in line and China is in line. So we continue to monitor that. What's also nice you continue to see the supply chain improving across the world that anything that would be out there in the supply chain is being worked off. So I'll be honest with you, we got to watch it. So certainly, we're in a slowing macro economy, but I do want to also stress again auto production is still 10% below pre-pandemic. So I don't think we've overshot, but I think we have to keep an eye on it. And I think flat is the way we're seeing it is a prudent way that we've been planning our business right now.
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you Jim. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question. I guess, [indiscernible] kind of have you spent a bit more time on the price increases that you're expecting on the transportation side, how that flows into the model in 2023, can you just quantify what the size increases are that you expect this year? And then secondly, I think the fear I would have is, can you really raise prices on customers, the auto OEMs were actually lowering the price of their own car size by 15%, 20% at this point or do you end up with more sizable pushback, if not for this a likely for next year? So I'd love to just see your perspective on your confidence that these price increases will flow through and what sort of benefit are you embedding from that into your guide for 2023?
Terrence R. Curtin: Yes. So a couple of things, Amit. You were breaking up a little bit, so I hope I get every element of your question. First off, being our pricing with our customers are contractual. So no different than you've seen us have a lag in transportation. I do want to make sure that is around transportation. These are negotiated elements that came in, and we have been, over the past three to four months doing another round, which does give us the confidence around the pricing and those global agreements aren't checked. Now certainly, each one is a little bit different, and they will be coming in. So we will see the benefit of them starting this quarter that we're in, and it will accelerate as we go through the year. And the other element is we're still dealing with inflation. So when you look at it, we are still in an inflationary environment, things that are oil-based, how utilities and conversion costs that come out of some of the materials we use. We're still in an inflationary period, even though it might be a lower rate than last year. And we're still dealing with that in transportation as these prices come in. So as I said on our prerecorded message, we do expect our margin to get up in the high teens in the flat environment later in the year, and that will benefit from the pricing that we put in -- and what we do with our customers, we are a commodity business. We are key to their EV launches. We aren't making commodity products here. And that's the contractual nature of what we do with them. So certainly, they may have some price pressure. Certainly, we've had price pressure, and that's what we had to go through the negotiations, and we do have confidence around them.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Amit. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Okay, good morning guys.
Terrence R. Curtin: Hey Scott.
Scott Davis: There's been a lot of talk already on kind of inventories and price and inflation. But can you disaggregate inflation a little bit for us and help us understand kind of -- are you seeing material moderation in things like labor inflation, I mean we can follow the materials ourselves, but labor is something that I think is a little bit harder to track?
Terrence R. Curtin: Yes, Scott, I think it's important when you look through that in our world, material is the biggest part of our spend when you look through it. Labor is incrementally higher, but the bigger pressure that we have is really around the base materials we use. And during this period, you cover it well, you really have not only the base material, but then you also have where do utilities and conversion costs come in. And where I would say we're still seeing inflation metals have come off, I would say it's more neutral year-over-year. In resin-based things and chemicals, where you use a lot of energy to make those and let's face it, some of that those come out of Europe, continuing to see inflation there. Utilities around the world, certainly, the cost to run factories is inflationary. And the other area that I would say we talked about that actually has retreated is around how do you move things around the planet from a freight and logistics perspective. So last year, you would have had everything inflationary. You're seeing freight logistics come down. You're seeing metals be more neutral, but you're still seeing resins and oil-based things that are energy-intensive still have an inflation around it. Labor for us is incrementally inflationary, but I wouldn't say it's the biggest headwind we have, and that may be different for other companies.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Scott. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just shifting gears a little bit. I was curious about the Industrial segment margins, incrementals were a few hundred percentage points. And you held margins on lower sales versus the second half of last year. So I'm curious if you're hitting more of a culmination of the cost structure program that you've been talking about for a while?
Heath Mitts: Hey Chris, it's Heath. It's a good question. It feels like we're always on this journey with Industrial. I would say that, certainly, we're pleased with the results in the quarter. And as we look through the year and our internal viewpoint, certainly, there's progress being made. Now the other thing, and there's a lot of good reasons, but we do -- this is -- this does tend to be the segment that we are the most acquisitive in. And we have done enough acquisitions last -- in the last couple of years, where we feel, at least 100 basis points of margin pressure just from those acquisitions. But that's part of the value creation journey, right? We bring something in. We know it's lower margin. We get the cost structure right. We integrate as appropriate, and then we start to see the returns from overall. So absent that impact, I feel very good about where we are from the restructuring journey we've been on, which is really a flip top -- or I'm sorry, a rooftop consolidation journey that we've been talking pretty publicly about for the last five years. We have made a ton of progress on those rooftop consolidations. And then just the acquisitions are the things that are kind of the wildcard in here in terms of the pressure relative to the opportunity. Sometimes, we don't get into that as much, but it was pertinent to your question. I thought I'd highlight that, Chris.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Chris. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from Truist. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. You just answered a bit of this, but I'd like to dig a little bit more into the M&A opportunity. You highlighted that the company plans to spend over time about a third of its free cash flow on acquisitions. I think it's been significantly below that level for several years. So I'm hoping you can maybe refresh our memories as to both the strategic and tactical approach to M&A and whether we might expect that to accelerate in the next couple of years given the spend has been, I think, quite a bit below that third of free cash flow number? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: I appreciate the question. And certainly, the two thirds, one third ratio that we talked about and have talked about for years is through a cycle, right. You're going to have periods of time when you do acquisitions and it's heavier or size of a deal tends to swing you in a particular direction. I would tell you that there's been times over the last couple of years where we have not spent that third. At the same time, that doesn't mean we're not active in the space. I think, so far this fiscal year, we've spent about $100 million on a transaction. So we're -- I don't know what that is in terms of our ratio, but you can't look at it in really quarter-by-quarter or even in a one-year off basis. We do have a pipeline of activity. And as you imagine, besides the stuff that we keep track of and we monitor and cultivate on our own, we obviously are involved in a lot of processes that are out there as well. However, our approach to this is unchanged. That means the deal has to be strategically important for us, number one. Number two, where do we add value as the owner of that company. And then number three, obviously, the financial profile of the acquisition and how it relates to what's good use of cash for our owners. So we're going to continue to be disciplined in that process. We're going to continue to make sure that we're making smart acquisitions and in spaces that we feel very good about. So there is some fragmentation out there, and it just depends on which of our business units. And we'll continue to be aggressive in those areas, and we'll see where it all adds up here as we track it over time.
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you Will. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano from Cowen. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Michael on for Joe. Earlier, you mentioned elevated restructuring costs in the first half of the year, which are more in line with 2020 levels. Can you disaggregate the drivers behind that, I know you had mentioned a little bit earlier, but any additional color would be super helpful?
Heath Mitts: Yes. And Michael, I appreciate the question. As you think about it, when we went into the year, we said restructuring will be roughly flat or down from the prior year. And prior year FY 2021 number was around -- I'm sorry, FY 2022 number was around 150 million. Certainly, that was our plan going into the year, with the incremental downturn, particularly in the Communications segment. We have elected to accelerate some things in order to react more aggressively to that, which will push our FY 2023 number higher. I'm not at a point right now where I want to quantify exactly how much higher it is. We'll have a better view when we're back online here in April. But I would say that it's -- we took a charge in Q1 of north of $100 million that we've already spent a good chunk of that, and that was really to aggressively get after a few things here. Longer-term, certainly, after we react to that, we would anticipate bringing this number down. And our hope was to do some of that in 2023. But with the market conditions, that's not going to happen.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Michael. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I guess I wanted to see if I can dig into the industrial equipment sub segment a bit and get some more color there. You talked about the recovery that you're seeing in medical, Comm Air and also the strength in renewables. But when I look at the industrial equipment, the broader sort of industrial group there, how are you -- what are you seeing in terms of the impact of macro, what are the puts and takes there, and any sort of color on book-to-bill, what that sort of sub segment is tracking at?
Terrence R. Curtin: Yes. So first off, when you look at it, I would tell you, I do think we have to keep in the context our industrial equipment business grew 25% each of the last two years. So very strong growth. And I think what we're seeing is we continue to see the backlog around CAPEX whether it's around what you see around automotive, electric vehicle, those types of things, that backlog is very strong. We are also seeing supply chain improving. So in that space, you're seeing supply chain improving. So that will impact order levels a little bit, but not to the extent we're seeing in Communications. The other thing that I think we're watching is, it's not lost on us, what's happening in consumer electronics. Consumer electronics is a big user of factory automation. And that certainly has been a weakened market. What happens around warehousing could be a weaker environment as well. So when we look at that, there are areas, but there are strength areas when you think about the infrastructure investment as well that our products go into. And you're also seeing strength in process automation. So I would tell you, it's not all in one direction. I think it's also -- we have tough compares that we're going to be going up against. And it feels like we've seen a peak and plateauing is how we would see it both from an orders as well as the supply chain improves.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Samik. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fox from Fox. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. Just one broad question on China and there's been a lot of news flow out of there and questions around how companies manufacturing footprint should look for the long-term or even shorter term given all the changes in terms of government policies, et cetera. Can you just sort of sum up your current situation in China and then how you look at sort of your global footprint, especially as you do some restructuring down the road here? Thanks.
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Steve. And a couple of things, I mean you followed us for quite some time now, and we've always been on that how do we produce engineer where we make if we can? And our China footprint is very much for China. We are not a big exporter out of China, and anywhere we even do have that, we do continue to look at where do we have China plus one within region where we might be doing some things for Japanese or Korean customers in China, they may want an option. So I view it much more as a modification and an evolution than a wholesale change because we don't import a lot of things back to places like the United States. We're also -- when you think through our growth opportunity, we talk a lot about electric vehicles. China is the largest electric vehicle market. So we continue to look at how do we expand capacity in China to support those local OEMs as they continue to make up the lion's share of electric vehicles. So net-net, our strategy to move back again to the big picture we want to manufacture in region, it's the best for the supply chain. Certainly, we have to mirror what our customer supply chains are, and you're going to continue to see us modify so that we make within region. And even some of the things Heath talked about in restructuring is, in some cases, we're still exporting out of places like Europe into China. We want to make sure we're more localized in China. So we're continuing to invest in China around these key verticals that we expect to be there long term and drive our growth.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Steve. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Guy Hardwick from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Guy Hardwick: Hi, good morning. Just want to understand, sorry if this has been covered already, but I want to understand that the transportation margins just a little bit better. So I think you guided to, at the last quarter, at least 100 basis points of impact on the Transportation margins for the inventory reduction. At the same time, you also benefited in this quarter from, I believe, very strong pricing as well as strong outgrowth driven by mix. And even if I take out that 100 basis points of inventory reduction impact, you're still like 100 to 140 basis points decline in the margin despite the pricing. So does the pricing get even stronger as the year progresses, is that kind of what you're communicating, can you help me understand that a little better?
Heath Mitts: Sure. Guy, this is Heath. We covered some of this a little bit earlier, but our price increases largely are a little more calendar-focused, if you think about it and go into effect really as we sit here today. So January-ish time frame, they're obviously not all aligned on the same date, but more or less, we didn't see much help in our first quarter results in transportation or otherwise from pricing. So it pretty well laid out as you would have thought in terms of that. Now as we work our way through the year, both in the quarter as Terrence mentioned earlier, both in the quarter and the second quarter that we're sitting in today as well as our second half of our fiscal year, we do expect a significant help from those pricing increases. And you'll see those -- I'm confident you'll see those in both our second quarter results as well as the back half of the year.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Guy. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Junk from Baird. Your line is open.
Luke Junk: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. A modeling question for me. Heath, just wondering if you can help us understand the moving pieces around your updated FX guidance, specifically, how that translates from revenue to earnings, wondering what has changed versus 90 days ago in terms of how it works through the plumbing, if you will, especially thinking about the back half of the year and the earnings impact as the top line impact starts to moderate?
Heath Mitts: Sure, Luke. And listen, it's been a moving piece for us as well over the past 90 days. The top line piece is really just we snap a line in the sand in terms of where things are relative to the dollar. And we did see the dollar weaken in the quarter, particularly towards the end of the quarter. And obviously, that's impacting most all companies who are global. That's the translation impact. The transactional impact is a little bit harder because that starts getting into where we denominate currency versus where we have costs and those types of things and where we move things across border, across currencies. And so that piece of it has more of an impact to the EPS element of it. Now we talked last quarter about $1 billion, and most of that first -- $1 billion year-over-year and most of that in the first half weighted. Now it's about half of that at today's rates, and that's still largely in the first half of the year. And you see the numbers we talked about, the $300 million year-over-year impact in the first quarter and $165 million that we just guided for the second quarter in terms of that, and I think we provided in the bridges, the EPS elements of that. Now at today's rates, if you work your way through the back half of the year, it balances itself out. You don't have much of an impact in the back half of the year. A little bit of a headwind I think in the third quarter, and it swings around a little bit of tailwind in the fourth quarter, but we're getting into much smaller numbers at that point. So the back half, again, at today's rates, we don't know what's going to go from there. That's kind of how it looks.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Luke. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shreyas Patil from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Shreyas Patil: Hey, thanks so much for taking my question. Just coming back to communications. So maybe thinking a little bit beyond this year. You've talked about the ability to sustain low 20% margins in that segment. Obviously, we're going to be dipping below that for the next few quarters, but I'm just trying to get a sense of the bridge to get back to that low 20s level, I mean how much of that is really dependent on the end markets versus some of the internal cost actions that you're talking about taking out?
Heath Mitts: Sure. This is Heath. I'll take this. It's really -- I mean, listen, I think if you look at your models, first of all, it's our smallest segment, right? So there's a little bit of law of small numbers here on a relative basis for TE when you start getting to the margin rates. And we are always very careful about not jumping up and down to when we had the real high margins the last two years because we knew what the leverage was in those factories when you have that kind of output and when you see it flip around. So when you go from a 600 million to 650 million per quarter run rate at that segment down to sub 500 million here for the next few quarters, it does have a meaningful impact. And I think part of it also is the amount of inventory bleed off. And the margins that we know exist in that channel inventory that's just the reality of the cyclical nature of this. Now our confidence, in terms of being able to get back to closer to a 20% margin number for the segment, really resides in the fact that we don't -- we see this as more than a $2 billion segment annually, right. We do see this continuing to grow. We know the markets where they are. We know where our customers' capital needs are and the things and the platforms that we've been specked [ph] in on that are incremental growth to us going forward for the next several years. We feel good about that, and we know what the margin is going to look like, but we're going through a bit of an air pocket here for the rest of 2023 or for at least the next couple of quarters of 2023.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. We'd like to thank everybody for joining our call this morning. And if you do have additional questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 A.M. Eastern Time today, January 25th, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude the conference for today.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full year 2022 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. I also want to remind you that our Q4 results include an extra week and we'll be discussing some of our results on both the 14-week and 13-week basis during the call. Please see the appendix in the slide presentation for the impact of the extra week in our results as well as the accompanying reconciliations. Finally, during the Q&A portion of todays call, we are asking everyone to limit themselves to one question and you may re-join the queue if you have a second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal and we appreciate everyone for joining us today. As I typically like to do at the beginning of these calls before we get into the slides, I'd like to spend some time discussing our performance, along with some of the developments that we're seeing since our call just 90 days ago. While there are a number of external data points showing crosscurrents from global economic uncertainty, we continue to perform well and you'll see this both in our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 results. Our performance came in ahead of our guidance and continues to demonstrate the benefits for how we strategically positioned our portfolio around secular growth trends as we continue to outperform our markets. We also were demonstrating operational performance in serving our customers and delivering strong financial results despite the broader macro challenges. Our backlog remains near all-time high levels and our overall order levels imply solid demand across the majority of the markets we serve. Within this backdrop, we have some markets that are growing, some that are still in recovery mode back to pre-pandemic levels, and others that are showing signs of moderation. At the same time, we're being negatively impacted by a stronger dollar, which will continue to be a significant headwind into 2023. I also want to highlight that our team continue to proactively implement price increases to keep up with ongoing inflationary pressure. I am confident in our ability to execute in the short-term as we navigate these challenges and I am excited about the long-term opportunities as we go forward. And Heath and I will go into more details on these moving pieces as we discuss our performance and outlook on the call. To summarize our financial performance, we delivered strong results again in the fourth quarter with double-digit organic growth and double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth year-over-year. For the full year, our adjusted sales and adjusted EPS were records with sales up 12% organically and adjusted earnings per share up 13% versus the prior year despite headwinds from foreign currency exchange and inflationary pressures. With this quick backdrop, let me give you some details on what we're experiencing. First, on the orders front. We're seeing some putting some tanks across the different end markets we serve and this is reflected in our orders in our backlog. With the higher backlog levels that we have and the stability we're starting to see in our supply chain for the first time since COVID, it is reasonable to see our book-to-bill below one in the quarter. Our backlog remains strong at $6 billion, which is almost two times higher than pre-COVID levels. If you click down on orders by segment, transportation and industrial are continuing to show positive order trends. In transportation, OEM auto production is still constrained by supply chain limitations, and end demand remains above current levels of production. So, we continue to have a favorable outlook for this market long-term on both production as well as the content growth. In the industrial segment, we continue to expect growth in com air and medical markets as reflected in our orders, along with the benefits from wind and solar applications in our energy business. Renewables now represent 20% of our energy sales and the com air market is still recovering to pre-COVID levels. And both of these will be growth areas within the industrial segment in 2023. In our communication segment, we are seeing orders decline in the appliance market. Based upon recent developments, we have seen orders to cloud customers moderate, reflecting lower capital spending, along with inventory adjustments in the data center supply chain. We also continue to experience inflationary pressures and this is particularly true for resins, that we use for molding as well as higher energy costs that impact our manufacturing operations globally. We are continuing to implement additional price increases to offset these inflationary costs and expect to have a positive contribution margin later in 2023 from the price/cost dynamic. And the last thing I want to highlight before we turn to the slides and I think we've consistently demonstrated, we will take actions to ensure our cost structure is in line with what we're seeing in the market environment and Heath will provide additional details on this in his section. So, now let's get into the slides and I'd asked you to turn to slide three and I'll cover some additional highlights for the fourth quarter in the full year as well as get into our first quarter outlook. As Sujal mentioned earlier, our fourth quarter included an extra week. Our fourth quarter sales were $4.4 billion, which are up 14% on a reported basis, our adjusted operating margins were 17.4%, and our adjusted earnings per share was $1.88, and this was up 11% year-over-year. If you include the extra week to get to a better apples-to-apples comparison, our fourth quarter sales were slightly over $4 billion and this was up 12% organically year-over-year, and adjusted earnings per share were $1.75. A key thing to highlight in the fourth quarter is that we delivered record free cash flow of $745 million in the quarter, which demonstrates our strong cash generation model and we returned over $500 million to shareholders. I do want to highlight and we discussed it with you previously, earlier in the year, we did increase inventory levels to deal with supply chain volatility and ensure we can meet the needs of our customers. As we began to see our supply chain improving, we decided to get our inventory more in line and reduce our inventory by approximately $350 million in the quarter and you'll see our days on hand were actually down year-on-year in the fourth quarter. We do believe this was prudent balance sheet management in the current environment and this action improved our free cash flow in the quarter, but does pressure our margin in the short-term. So, now let me touch upon a few additional highlights for full year results. Our fiscal 2022 results were record at $16.3 billion and this was up 9% year-over-year on a reported basis despite currency exchange headwinds of approximately $760 million. Sales were up 12% organically with industrial and communications of double-digits and transportation of high single-digits demonstrating the strategic positioning of our portfolio. Adjusted earnings per share was a record at $7.33, which was up 13% year-over-year and adjusted operating margins were 18.2% with expansion in the industrial and communication segments versus the prior year. For the full year, we returned $2.1 billion to shareholders between share buybacks and dividends, as our focus was on organic investment in the business, as well as return of capital to our owners. Now, with as a wrap-up of the financials for 2022, let me touch upon our first quarter guidance. And I want to frame this out by incorporating some of the moving pieces I already highlighted for you. I do want to make sure we have the right baseline together for guidance. So, when you look at this, the year-over-year comparison would be against $3.8 billion of sales in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and the sequential comparison would be against the 13-week sales in quarter four of $4 billion. So, if we look at it going back to quarter one of 2022, -- I mean sorry, 2023, we do expect sales of approximately $3.75 billion and this sales in the first quarter of 2023, up 9% organically and down slightly on a reported basis year-over-year, despite approximately $400 million of FX headwinds. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be approximately $1.50, which includes year-over-year headwinds of approximately $0.25 from currency exchange, and a higher tax rate of 21%, which will be up from a year ago. When you look at our guidance sequentially versus the 13-week $4 billion, we are declining by $300 million in sales and $0.25 in EPS. Roughly half of our topline sequential decline is from foreign currency, with the remaining bounce split between typical seasonality and the decline in the communications volume due to end market moderation. The EPS decline is driven by foreign exchange and volume declines I just mentioned, as well as a temporary impact from the proactive inventory reductions we drove in the fourth quarter. While we have some near-term pressures that are non-structural, we have been making progress on what we can control with our teams driving price increases this past year to partially offset the increasing inflationary pressures. As we've mentioned in the past, in transportation, there is a lag between inflation and our ability to recover through price. We have implemented to do additional price increases which again transportation margins back up into the high teen sometime in the second half of 2023. While we are working through the crosscurrents we're experiencing, one thing that has not changed is the benefit we continue to see from the secular trends in our markets and the outperformance we're generating from content growth. We're benefiting from our position in electric vehicles, smart factory applications, including automation, renewable energy and high speed cloud and artificial intelligence applications. We remain committed to our business model and long-term value creation through growth, margin expansion, as well as driving our strong cash generation model. So, with that, wrapping up the highlight slide, let's turn to slide four and I'll share some more details on orders. For the fourth quarter, orders were $4.3 billion and this reflects resiliency in both transportation and industrial and also demonstrates moderation in our communication segment. Our backlog of $6 billion is up 11% year-over-year and I want to emphasize that we're seeing very little impact from push outs or cancellation from our customers. In transportation, we had a book-to-bill of 1.03, along with a strong backlog position. This reflects favorable demand patterns. End demand for autos continues to be higher than what OEMs can currently produce, providing a favorable backdrop for production increases as our customer supply chain bottlenecks begin to resolve and dealer inventories get back to historical levels. Our content growth remains strong with content per vehicle expanding in fiscal 2022 to over $80 per vehicle from the $60 range of pre-COVID. We do expect further content expansion due to our global leadership position and increased adoption of electric vehicles globally. In our industrial segment, we had a book-to-bill 1.01. Year-over-year order growth was driven by both at AE&M [ph] and our medical businesses, as these businesses continue to recover from pre-pandemic levels. And in our communications segment, orders declined year-over-year and sequentially reflecting expected decline in appliances and moderation in data and devices as the data center supply chain adjust inventory levels for its cloud customers. Despite this market cyclicality, we expect to continue to outgrow the market in the data and devices business due to share gains and benefits from high speed and AI implementations in the data center and cloud. Now, let me provide a little color what we're seeing in orders geographically. On a 13-week organic basis by region, we saw year-over-year growth of 6% in China and Europe, while North America was essentially flat. On a sequential basis, we saw orders growth 18% in China, with single-digit declines in Europe as well as in North America. So, with that as a backdrop of orders and backlog, let me turn it over Heath and he'll get into segment highlights, as well as some information on the financials.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrance and good morning everyone. I will now briefly discuss year-over-year second results in the quarter on slides five through seven. You can see the details on the slides and I will talk about organic sales performance on a 13-week basis. Slide five, transportation sales were up 13% organically year-over-year, our auto business grew 16% organically with growth across all regions. We continue to increase our content per vehicle through our global leadership in EV. Electric vehicles now account for nearly 20% of auto production with further increases in production expected in 2023. To provide context EV and HEV production has grown 3x from 2019 with 14 million units produced in 2022. And importantly, for 2023, we expect our market outperformance to be well above our stated 4% to 6% range and automotive. In commercial transportation, we saw 13% organic growth, driven by North America and Europe with significant market outperformance in all regions driven by content growth and share gains this year. In sensors, we declined 3% organically with our focus growth areas offset by continued portfolio optimization activities. At the transportation segment level adjusted operating margins were 16.6% and the margins reflect the short-term impact of our planned inventory reduction along with the timing of price actions to offset inflationary pressures which Terrance mentioned earlier. Moving to the next slide, the industrial segment, sales increased 16% organically year-over-year. Industrial equipment was up 20% organically with double-digit growth in all regions and continued benefits from factory automation applications. Aerospace and defense was also up 20% organically with growth driven primarily by ongoing market improvement and com air. In energy, we saw 16% organic growth driven by increased penetration and renewable applications. And our medical sales were up 3% organically with increases in interventional procedures as the medical device market continues to work through supply chain challenges. Adjusted operating margins for the segment expanded year-over-year to 16.5%, driven by higher volume, price actions, and implementation of previous cost actions. The next slide communications. We had 3% organic growth year-over-year. In data and devices, we saw continued market outperformance driven by content growth and high speed cloud and share gains in artificial intelligence applications. Our appliances business declined 46% organically, reflecting the expected moderation in this end market that will continue into fiscal 2023. Communications adjusted operating margins were 21.7%, reflecting the lower sales in the appliance business. If you turn to slide eight, where I'll provide more details on the Q4 financials. As mentioned earlier, Q4 includes an extra week and we had provided tables in the appendix that bridge sales, margins, and EPS for that extra week. Sales of $4.4 billion were up 14% on a reported basis year-over-year and currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $348 million versus the prior year. Adjusted operating income was $757 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 17.4%. We are being impacted in the near-term by non-structural pressures of foreign exchange, inflation, and the previously mentioned inventory reduction. While we can't influence currency exchange rates, we are continuing to be proactive on recovering inflationary pressures through price increases. Additional upcoming price increases will go into effect and transportation helping to lift segment margins back to the high teens in the second half of fiscal 2023. And while our Q4 inventory reduction has a near-term impact on margins, we do expect margin expansion as we move through this year with the back half closer to run rate company margins and as you know, we were in the 18% range for most of fiscal 2022. GAAP operating income was $660 million and included $82 million of restructuring and other charges and $15 million of acquisition-related charges. For the full year, restructuring charges were approximately $150 million, which were in line with expectations. We did ramp up our restructuring charges in Q4 to proactively react to the market environment. While I expect restructuring charges in fiscal 2023 to be roughly consistent with fiscal 2022, the charges will be more heavily weighed into the first half of the fiscal year and we will continue to further evaluate cost actions as we move forward. Adjusted EPS was $1.88 and GAAP EPS was $2.21 for the quarter, and included a tax related benefit of $0.57 related to discreet tax benefits during the quarter. Additionally, we had restructuring acquisition and other charges of $0.25. The adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 19% in both Q4 and fiscal 2022 and for Q1 and fiscal 2023, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be roughly 21%. Importantly, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our stated ETR for the full year. Turning into year-over-year comparisons on slide nine, fiscal 2022 sales of $16.3 billion were a record at up 9% on a reported basis and 12% organically year-over-year. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by approximately $760 million versus the prior year. Due to the further strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, we expect currency exchange rate headwinds to be approximately $1 billion for fiscal 2023 with roughly 70% of this headwind to be felt in the first half of the fiscal year. This equates to approximately 600 basis points of headwinds to reported growth in fiscal 2023. Adjusted EPS expanded 13% year-over-year to $7.33 and adjusted operating margins were 18.2% with year-over-year expansion in our industrial and communications segments. Turning into cash flow, free cash flow for the year was approximately $1.8 billion, with over $2 billion returned to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. We continue to remain disciplined in our use of capital and our long-term strategy remains consistent, which is to return approximately two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders and use one third for acquisitions. Near-term we have been aggressive in buying back our stock and taking advantage of investing in our own organic value creation opportunities. And before we get into questions, let me wrap-up. We delivered strong performance this past year. Our teams have continued to execute well in this volatile environment to effectively serve our customers. And while we have some near-term headwinds, I am excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us this fiscal year. Our positioning of the portfolio will drive content and performance. We also have a trajectory for further margin expansion and EPS growth through actions we can control, including price increases to fully offset inflation, cost reduction initiatives, and a strong balance sheet that can support investments for growth, while continuing to return capital to shareholders. So there's a lot to be excited about there. Now, let's open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Angela, can you please give the directions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Kelley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Kelley: Hi, good morning team. And thanks for taking my question. Number of moving parts in the quarter, the extra weeks and inventory reduction shifting in demand. So, I was just hoping to dig into maybe the earnings trajectory into 2023. So, could you walk us through or give us a sense of exit rate 2022 sales and margin levels?
Heath Mitts: Sure, David. This is Heath, I'll take it. We just laid out a lot of moving parts for you. And as I appreciate the opportunity to clarify anything that may come across this is as confusing. As we exited the year, certainly, we enjoyed good order volume and we saw that reflected in our sales. And you saw that and certainly we benefit from the flow through some of that. But we still are dealing with a lot of pressures. We have our inventory that we've elected to take down in the quarter, it was over 10% of our overall inventory balance, it was 350 million. And that does have a natural impact on margins in the flow through accordingly. But importantly, we did bring our days on hand of inventory metric, more back in line with where we would see a healthy ending balance script as volume level. So, we feel good about that. And obviously it has the benefit of the cash flow, which was a record in the quarter of nearly $750 million. So, we're going to keep our foot on that in terms of making sure that that stays in check as we move forward. But it does have a negative near-term impact on the P&L. The other piece is we still are seeing a lot of heightened price pressures, particularly in transportation around inflation, and where we buy resins and so forth that are oil-based driven cost structures is still hitting us. So, we do have planned increases that have already been agreed upon and will go into effect and more or less the January timeframe and other parts of Q2, that will have a nice uptick for us as we move from the first half to the second half of the year. And we are seeing our communication segment moderate as expected. We had expected appliances to moderate, we've been discussing that openly throughout the year and we have started to see that both in our orders and our sales. And that does have a little bit of a dilutive impact on the segment margins there for transportation -- for communications. So, there's a few things heading that direction. Now, on the on the flip side, as we think about EPS, FX, and the strengthening dollar is heightened. If you recall, back in July, when we snapped the line on what the currencies looked like, I had given an early preview that our FY 2023 exposure was going to be roughly $300 million and now we're calling that a $1 billion with about $700 million of it hitting us in the first half of the year. That does -- while that doesn't hit our margins quite as hard, that does have an impact on earnings per share and we're certainly feeling that in the first quarter. We can't control that, but we are working -- and that's just reality. We want to be transparent with the analysts and owners of the stock here. So, there's some moving parts there as we work our way through the year. At the same time, we're not sitting flat footed. We mentioned some restructuring activity that will continue. That is about right-sizing, some sort of things in an anticipated software macro environment. So, I appreciate the question and certainly if there's follow-on, let us know.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, David. Can we have next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Good morning. I was wondering if you can talk a little more about the order and backlog trends and comps, if you could share some color on that? And maybe the magnitude of the inventory adjustment, potentially the GRC being at these ODM suppliers to hyperscalers. And if I could, I was also wondering if you could comment on how TE's performance was an outgrowth versus production and in fiscal 2022 for transport and how much of that was inventory adjustments in 2022 as well? Thank you so much.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Wamsi, I'll take that and good morning. And let me talk about orders a little bit. Because I know you talked about comps, I want to talk about what we're seeing in orders again across and then I'll talk about content outperformance. First off, I just want to be honest that having a book-to-bill below one with where our bookings have been in building a backlog, that's not surprising to us. And as supply chains around the world improve and we would continue to expect to see book-to-bill dipped below one. So, I just really want to make sure as supply chains improve, including our own, we would expect our customers to work down our backlogs that we have -- that they have with us. So, I really want to make sure that people don't read into this, that demand is dropping off across our markets, because we're not seeing that. And as I said in the script, we aren't seeing cancellations or push outs in any meaningful way. I think if you look by segment, TS and IS, I think those backlogs are getting -- book-to-bills are getting more normalized. And I think it shows resiliency. In communications, I think what's important is we've had CapEx growth with our cloud customers that have been 20%, 30% cloud CapEx and we've outperformed that. Clearly, you can see it in the growth rates. But as you see the cloud CapEx moderating well off those levels, the ODM supply chain does have excess inventory in it that's been worked off. And I think that could impact us for a couple of quarters. But it's probably to that magnitude that you'll see it in our D&D business. And then the other areas in comps and we've always talked to you about is the appliance market was one that benefited from the trends during COVID. And we're seeing that moderation that we've already always expected. So, we're getting both of those in those order patterns. Now, let me turn to your second part of your question around content outperformance. I think what's very important is, as Sujal -- also and I said earlier, was we aren't -- from how much our revenue has been impacted anymore from supply chain disruptions, it's only about $50 million of revenue that we haven't built. That used to be about $100 million. And content outperformance was at the high end of our range, and we told you a 4% to 6%. When we look at the auto supply chain, I can't tell you what the impact of that growth is in there. We actually feel very good that it's at the high end of the range for 2022. And we expect for 2023 will be above the high end of the range. So, we don't see any major inventory impacts in the auto supply chain from what we're seeing. Certainly we've seen orders moderate and people getting more comfortable with were working off the backlog.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering since you're not providing a full fiscal year guidance for the new fiscal year, if you could maybe walk through what you're thinking about your end markets at this point in time? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, thanks, Steve and we got it for the first quarter, so there is volatility in the macro, I don't think that's a surprise. And the color I'm providing is on what we're seeing today and how we're planning the business and certainly there can be changes here, depending upon how the global macro moves. But let me do it by segment. First of all, transportation, the transportation environment has been a challenging environment for the past couple of years. Auto production has really been sort of stuck around 76 million, 77 million units, due it all the things that we talked about whether it's supply constraints, the war in Europe, certainly extended lockdowns in China around COVID. And I still think where you get -- and it's nice to see some of our customers talking about semi supply improving, it's going to be really about how can they ramp production to still keep up with demand that is greater than what they can produce. So, we still see end demand for auto being above the production environment. So, we still see that as a nice setup, as we go into next year. We do also expect, as I just said, to Wamsi's question that we're going to have outperformance versus market above the 4% to 6% this year. And this is really going to be driven by the global leadership position we have where we position ourselves in electric vehicles and certainly the penetration of electric vehicles continuing to increase as a percentage of total production. The other key market that's in transportation, which is commercial transportation, it's a market that decreased double-digits this year, really around China, and some of the emissions standards, that we're putting the fact that you're before. And we would expect that China could have an increased market situation there. And we've been driving out performance versus the market in commercial transportation as you seen all year through all the three regions. So, it's also something we've had a tough year, this this year, from a market perspective and commercial transportation could have some upside next year. In industrial, as you look at that and I still think it's a very strong setup. And you heard me when I talked about orders, both on backlog and orders. And we see com air and medical are markets that are still recovering. And we expect further growth in these markets in 2023. And when you look at com air, while single aisle aircraft are back to pre-pandemic levels from a build, double-aisle was still only at 50%. And what's nice is some of the air framers are talking about increasing production and increased demand on double aisle aircraft. The other thing that I mentioned, the script is wind and solar remain strong and our energy business, very strong double-digit growth this year and 20% of our sales are energy from renewable. So, we expect further growth in that this year. And the one market that's been really hot for us, which has been industrial equipment and we had extremely strong performance in past two years, we see good trends there, but we're going to have tough comps. And as we're focused on higher growth applications and robotics, and new programs around Ethernet connectivity, that will help make sure we outperform the market. But I just want to remind everybody will have tough com. And in communication, the appliance market is weakening as we expected and the step down in our sales in the fourth quarter. And you're going to continue to see that this coming year. And in data devices, as I just talked about with Wamsi question, we are -- do expect cloud CapEx to step down from where it was and moderate. And then we also have the ODM supply chain that's going to impact us in the first part of this year, as they adjust to the hyperscale company's demand. And I think it's reasonable to expect that our D&D business will be down this year based upon those two factors that we're dealing with. So, I know you asked a simple question and I gave you a lot, but it's sort of how we're thinking about the macro as we're entering 2023.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to circle back to the gross margin and specifically, the impact of that inventory reduction, that $350 million. How much -- I mean it looks like in Q4, you were down with 220 basis points in gross margin year-over-year. And it looks like you're guiding roughly 200 basis points down in Q1. So, how much of that is related to that inventory reduction? And is that one quarter issue or does that carry through to Q2 of 2023? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Matt its Terrence. So, I'll take that. And you're right, I want to be clear, this was our inventory that we took out. So, I know we -- I talked a lot about D&D supply chain with cloud customers, this is our inventory. And as Heath sort of said, our inventories back in days on hand in the mid-80s, it was running in the 90s, as we were working through supply chain. And we made the proactive action to bring inventory down and as you have factories that have cost of x, you have less units running through it, you have higher costs inventory have to work off, we had a partial impact in our fourth quarter and you'll have a bigger impact on our first quarter, that'll be about 100 basis points in the first quarter. And it'll be a little bit in the second quarter as it works off, but then that'll be a temporary issue. The other thing is what why did we do it, I do think it's important. The why, it is something we made choices to carry more inventory during the year. But as our supply chain got better and we saw more normal flow coming in, it was something we said, hey, let's make sure we get our inventory more back in line. And we're serving our customers consistently. And it's just something we thought was prudent from a cash generation as well as the uncertainty in the macro. The only area we're seeing really supply chain impacts will be in some niche materials, as well as those markets that are really still in recovery mode back to pre-pandemic, medical, as well as commercial aerospace, which I don't think is a surprise to anybody. So, it is something that it was to get inventory back in line and TE and that always kind of a gross margin impact that will be with us here early in 2023. But that was a proactive action on our part.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Terrence, I think there's going to be a lot of focus on operating margin trajectory in fiscal 2023 beyond the mid-16% I think we're going to do in December. I was wondering if you could provide some clarity on how do you think margins stack up in 2023 qualitatively across segments? And really specifically on transport, reviewing the back half, recovery looks better versus the first half. And then CIS, do you think we end up dipping below 20 over there. Just any breakdown on margin trajectory going forward would be really helpful? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Amit. This is Heath. I appreciate the question. No, listen, I think it's certainly on point. As we think about transportation margins and some of the things we've already discussed this morning, a couple of things that are pressuring transportation margins. One is we talked about the price cost differential and what we're looking forward to in terms of seeing higher prices go into effect that we've already got agreement on later in the first half of our fiscal year that will have a benefit as we move into the second half on transportation margins. The other thing that, Terrence just walked Matt through was on the inventory side. As you can imagine, we did take out $350 million of inventory as we burn through the accounting element of that and the pressure it puts on margins, there is a disproportionate amount of that that hits transportation. So again, as we just talked about, that will have a benefit as we think about our second half versus our first half. So, transportation margin is definitely a second half improvement based on a couple of things we talked about. Industrial is honestly performing very well. And we've been pretty vocal and transparent with you about our journey on transportation and the restructuring journey in terms of rooftop consolidations that we've taken on. The business has done that well and has absorbed some acquisitions in the middle of this journey that are going to be very good returns for the company and for the shareholders. So, we're looking forward to those. At any given time, there might be a quarter pressure here or there but we are making strong progress towards our journey towards high-teens margins even while absorbing some of the dilutive impact on acquisitions. So stay tuned on industrial, but we feel good about our trajectory there in 2023. And then the last part of your question, Amit, was around transfer and communications margins and being able to stay north of 20%. Listen, we've never advertised it as a high 20% business. We've enjoyed a couple of years and we basically have said as a reminder that at those volume levels, it just shows what kind of margins that we can generate at those volumes. Now that we're seeing volumes come back down, Terrence mentioned earlier on a question that we do expect Communications to be down modestly year-over-year on the top line, we would expect that the margins would moderate. I still think they'll be a little above 20% for the full year, but there's some pieces there that, in any given quarter that might dip below. But generally, I feel like we'll be above 20% for the year there, which still shows the resiliency of that even at lower volume.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. So I wanted to talk about more the margin outlook for Transport Solutions, but maybe more so focusing on price cost. Prior commentary from the company has said that you're recovering about two-thirds of cost inflation and it translates to more than $200 million loss at the EBIT line based on my math. Presumably, the high majority of all of that is transport. So I guess, as we look into the back half of next year, and we see pricing going higher in cost maybe flat to down, at least with metal, how should we think about that 200-plus kind of EBIT loss? Could that get to neutral? Is there any scope for that getting beyond neutral? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Chris. I'll take that. First of all, I think your math is pretty close, okay? So I'll give you the props for that, because certainly, that is not an easy way to back into, but your math is pretty close. Listen, our inflationary pressures really come from four main places. It's metals, right. It's resins, right, that we use for our molds. It's freight cost and its just overall utility costs that we've seen spike, particularly in Europe to run our factories. Some of those things, we have started to see moderation on in terms of being able to as capacity has come back online and so forth. We are still feeling inflationary pressure on resins and on utilities, which are both energy driven prices. So we are going to -- we anticipate that to continue even as we have certain buckets that will begin to moderate and potentially lower year-over-year in terms of any incremental pressure. Throughout the year, as you mentioned, we have recovered on the TE basis about two-thirds of that inflationary pressure through price. So that still leaves us, as you mentioned, a couple of hundred-million-dollar gap. When you break it into our segments, it's a little bit different. So while it maybe two-thirds for the company, it's -- we're covering much more in FY 2022 in both industrial and in communications. And the nuance there is that we do -- in both of those segments, we do more through our distribution channel partners. And it's simply easier to pass along price more efficiently and more timely when you're going through distribution partners because you can go out with more regular increases and they're less about reopening contractual negotiations. So, those have both been recovering more price. We permit more inflation through price as we work through both not just last year, but the prior year. Transportation is where it gets tougher because you've got more direct to OEM contracts and those contracts are tied to platforms and so forth. And so many times when you're recovering inflation, which everyone is trying to do, you are discussing things that won't go into effect for some times six or nine months out. And that's really what we're feeling in the transportation world now. Fortunately, we're coming up on those price increases later in the second half of this fiscal year. And I do feel that as we do that, we'll start to see that two-thirds of pricing coverage certainly will improve. Now as we get to the back half of our year, where we go above the inflationary pressures, I would say stay tuned. But we -- that ratio will improve as we work our way from the first half to the second half sure. And that gives us more confidence as we move into -- as we move and make our plans for the rest of the fiscal year.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Spak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joe Spak: Thanks so much. Heath, you mentioned some higher restructuring. I was wondering if you could give a little bit more details on that stepped-up level in the fourth quarter. It looks like it was really in the transportation business. And I think on your guidance, it looks like restructuring is still going to be a healthier level in the first quarter. So maybe just a little bit more on those actions, what you're looking for in terms of a payback. And when can restructuring return to more normalized levels?
Heath Mitts: Yeah. Joe, thanks for the question. Listen, as we noted in the prepared comments, we did do a little more than 80 -- of the $150 million and change that we took charges for in FY 2022, little over $80 million of that was in the fourth quarter. And a lot of it was geared towards transportation. Now we have been working our way through restructuring programs, which has been very focused on factory footprint consolidations. I think we've been pretty clear that we had some European footprint in Western Europe that we've been in the process of taking off line. Most of that is in transportation and, to a lesser extent, in our Industrial segment. Those are either finished, on track or certainly underway versus when those charges were taken and the payback for those continues to be in line with what you would expect for us and when you start talking about European footprint consolidations, you're somewhere in that two to three-year payback period. The charges that we took in the fourth quarter and that I anticipate taking in the first quarter, certainly are more geared towards a bit more of a somber view of the macroeconomic view, and we want to make sure that we are getting ahead of that. Now, we're not going to do anything to pinch capacity, to a point that we can't deal with a rebound in certain markets, and it won't be universally applied across TE, but it will be disproportionate in our Transportation segment, both in auto and then a couple of other selected places. So, this will be more focused on cost reduction, and we want those costs to come out. We want to come up with our structural cost, and I think importantly, lowering our fixed cost structure as we move forward here to maintain some nimbleness on the margin front.
Sujal Shah : Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney : Yes. Good morning. Thank you very much for taking the question. I want to understand what's making the company take the view that 2023 content growth will be higher than the 4% to 6% target? And do you think there will be any inventory reductions that your customers could be making and that perhaps could offset some of the underlying content growth this coming year? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin : Hey, Mark, thanks for the question. And really, when you look at it, I think it just has to do with -- when we look at the setup of electric vehicle penetration and you see -- and I know Heath talked about where electric vehicles have grown from and to, and the broad global acceptance of them, which is exciting to us, it's very exciting to us that we still continue to see that being a big driver of our content growth. And with the mix that we would expect, we do expect that we would be above the high end of the 4% to 6% range. That also has a view when we make that comment and as I sort of said, production is stable. And we do view, we'll drive that off of stable production. We don't assume major supply chain excesses in the supply chain when we say that, and it's what we're seeing, especially as you look at our orders and where our book-to-bill has gotten to in auto, it's more back to more traditional levels. So net-net, we actually feel pretty good If production was to change meaningfully, maybe that could create a little bit of supply chain. But right now, we're not expecting that.
Sujal Shah : Okay. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Sumeet [ph] on for Samik Chatterjee. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask on transportation relative to the underlying market, like what are your expectations for auto production growth for 2023? Like IHS is currently forecasting a 4% growth, like amounting to nearly 85 million vehicles produced. What's your take on that? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin : Thank you for the question. And I think what's important and I know at times, we don't include light vehicles, so it might be a little bit different on how we talk number and how you talk. We saw about 20 million units made in the fourth quarter of 2022. And we also expect 20 million units to be made in the first quarter and there will be seasonality in it. And we think production can be a little up. But net-net, we don't see it's going to be a rocket ship of production increases. We sort of view it will be up low single-digits, which I don't think is far off of what you say. So net-net, I think that's how we see production right now as the OEMs try to make sure they fulfill the demand that's in excess of production.
Sujal Shah : Okay. Thank you, Sumeet. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jim Suva : Thank you. Heath and Terrence, at this time of year, you typically give a little bit more on the 2023 or the next year outlook. I know I think I heard Terrence talk a little bit about the end markets. But then with the moving parts of inventory digestion, book-to-bill and all that, I was thinking and restructuring, I was thinking on the company totality level, any preliminary thoughts on either sales or margins or cost structure or cash flow for kind of the full years as we look out because there are a lot of moving parts?
Heath Mitts : Hey, Jim, this is Heath. Well, certainly, we've got to be careful in terms of what we say, because we have not provided FY 2023 guidance other than a few buckets like where current -- foreign currency -- excuse me, currently stands as well as what we're anticipating for restructuring. Those were full year numbers. I think as we sum up a lot of things here, we've talked a little bit today about the first half versus second half. And hopefully, that provides a little bit of color for you and our expectation is that margins will improve and you can kind of cascade that way down through the P&L. From a cash flow perspective, listen, we finished very strong and had record free cash flow in the quarter and that was largely attributable to our inventory reduction. We do expect to have a strong cash year in FY 2023. We will fund all the organic opportunities that are in front of us, because we still are in a lot of markets and applications where we can outgrow our markets. That should give you some confidence that we feel pretty good about the revenue line. And in general, I feel good about that cash opportunity, not just return money back to shareholders, but to fund the CapEx and the investments we need and still deliver a very strong cash flow year above where we are in FY 2022. So I know that's probably more vague than you wanted, but that's about all I can give you at this point.
Sujal Shah : All right. Thank you, Jim. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shreyas Patil with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Shreyas Patil : Hey, thanks. I was just maybe on automotive. You talked about content outgrowth this year. It sounds like it was around six points. And I'm just curious what that would be if you stripped out some of the price recoveries just to kind of get a sense of the underlying content growth? And then I think as we look ahead, how are you thinking about the ability to sustain that six points of growth over market or potentially even do better than that? And as you look at your position amongst some of the big OEMs that are poised to be the largest players in EV, what gives you confidence that you're seeing content expansion, especially with those OEMs?
Terrence Curtin : Yes, sure. So couple of things, and I missed it on my answer earlier, so I apologize to the earlier question. One of the things as we get into and being above the 6% this year is not only content, but we will have price benefit for the costs that we've talked about. So I missed that on the 2023 element as we get in there and those numbers were framed out earlier. When we look at the program wins and this year alone, our electric vehicle revenue of our Automotive and Transportation segment is $1 billion. So if you take what we have today in our revenue, it's $1 billion today. And when we look at the momentum that we have, which are by platform wins, guess what, that's how we build capacity, we know those wins. And really, the bigger wildcard is what cars get made, how the -- what consumers the cars -- the consumers -- the cars consumers want, sorry, I said the backwards. And really, that's the bigger variable. So net-net, when we look at the programs that we've won, we feel very good about the content momentum as well as where we're positioned globally. And let's face it, it's not only the OEMs we know here in the US, you take places like China, which is about a third of the global electric vehicle cars made in the world. So the 14 million that Heath talked about, 4 million to 5 million of them are made in China. And that position is very important as well as elsewhere with our European customers, our Japanese customers and our Korean customer. So, we feel very good about the content and it shows the demonstration of our global position as well as, I think, the $1 billion of revenue we have already in 2022 really shows how deep our penetration is already in EV, that's EV revenue.
Sujal Shah : All right. Thank you, Shreyas. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Junk with Baird. Your line is open.
Luke Junk : Great. Thanks for taking the question. Terrence, regarding the outlook for communications normalization, clearly, there's been a lot of data center capacity put into places since COVID hit in 2020, and that's, of course, benefited data in devices. What I'm wondering is, as you look forward, do you think there are opportunities to go back and strengthen the system after what at times has seen like a very frantic piece of investment in the past three years? Any near-term changes in channel inventory side, of course? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin : Yes. So, hey, Luke, one of the things is, I think, there were elements that were certainly around COVID from an investment. But I also think it really supports their core business models. It could be around gaming elements and so forth where people want to have service, it's not just about COVID, but it's also about how the network that we've all used has had to get strengthened, and I also think there's a big element about refresh that you're always going to have around the energy efficiency of the cloud infrastructure and the data centers that go into it. So, when we look out, there will always be steps around how the technology improves to make them more efficient. Certainly, the speeds in the data center are always very important, and some of that will come in as chipsets come out for the data center. You will continue to see a refresh element of the cycle. I'm not sure you're going to have the 20%, 30% growth we've had from the past couple of years. So, when we talk about it, we really view it's a moderation off of two very strong CapEx years by the cloud customers. But I think when you think about efficiency, AI, how they continue to improve the compute, the move in the store element of everything that a data center and a cloud needs to do that all plays into content growth for us. So, we're very excited about that trend long term. Certainly, we think as we're starting 2023, we have a little bit of moderation on the CapEx side, as well as the supply chain getting in live, like you said, from a channel perspective.
Sujal Shah : Okay. Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst : Hey, guys. Good morning. This is Tristan in for Joe. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Just wanted to double click on your industrial orders, which I believe was down sequentially despite that extra week? Like any reason for that, anything you can highlight?
Terrence Curtin : No. As I said on the call a little bit, in industrial equipment, we have seen a moderation a little bit, but off a very high level. And I wouldn't use the word moderation, like we've been talking about in communications. Our Industrial Equipment business has had very strong growth. It does look like the orders are moving more a little bit sideways, and actually coming down, and that's what you're really reflecting in our orders. And also realized orders do also represent, they do have currency effects in them as well. So you'll also see that sequentially have an impact to what Heath and I talked about from a sales element also does affect our orders.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Tristan. And I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. If you have any more questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a nice morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 A.M. Eastern Time, today, November 2nd, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude the conference for today.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivitys Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning. And thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter 2022 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of todays call, we are asking everyone to limit themselves to one question. We are willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you re-join the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal. And I also want to thank everyone for joining us today to cover our results for the third quarter along with our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. As I normally do and before Heath and I get into the details on the slide, I want to take a moment to discuss our performance within the backdrop of the current environment. We delivered strong performance again in the third quarter with record sales, and this represents 11% organic growth year-over-year. We had growth in each of our three segments and organic growth across all nine of our business units. Adjusted operating margins were in the mid-18% range and this is at level similar to where we've been running through the year, despite incremental headwinds that we've been experiencing. And we also delivered record adjusted earnings per share that was above our guidance. I feel our performance is a result of how we strategically positioned our portfolio around secular growth trends, as well as the execution of our teams, both from a manufacturing perspective and in our ability to effectively manage pricing in this inflationary environment. I'm also proud of our teams as they continue to overcome broader macro challenges to effectively serve our customers and deliver the strong financial results we're going to talk about today. Now let me provide some color on the supply environment, key end demand trends and the development since our call 90 days ago. When we provided our guidance last quarter, we told you about an anticipated impact from the sales  on our sales due to the COVID lockdown in China. And even during these lockdowns extended further into the third quarter than our original expectation, our teams were able to recover and the sales impact to the quarter was negligible. When you think about the global supply chain challenges and specifically around material availability, I would tell you they are about the same as they were 90 days ago and inflationary pressures continue to linger. One element that I want to highlight that has changed since the last time we spoke is the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. This strengthening has significantly increased the headwind we're facing from foreign currency exchange rates both year-over-year and sequentially and Heath will talk about that a little bit more, later. Returning to the markets, customer demand remains strong as evidence by our order levels and our strong backlog position. And just to highlight our backlog has grown over 20% versus the prior year. And we are seeing some consumer-facing markets like appliance, moderate, but we continue to see broad strength across our industrial segment and we still have a number of markets that we serve that are not yet back to pre-COVID levels. And this includes automotive, commercial air as well as medical devices. And we expect growth in these businesses as supply constraints are alleviated and those markets continue to recover. The other thing that I want to highlight we've consistently talked about, and it has not changed is the benefit we continue to see from the secular trends in our markets and the outperformance that we are generating from content growth and share gains. We are benefiting from our position as an industrial technology leader with growth from electric vehicles, smart factory applications, including automation, renewable energy and high speed cloud and artificial intelligence applications. The other thing that I want to highlight that we  as we continue to navigate through this noisy macro environment is that we remain committed to our business model and long-term value creation by driving further growth, margin expansion and strong cash generation. So with that, as a backdrop, let me get into the slides and discuss additional highlights that are on Slide 3. Our quarter three sales were record at $4.1 billion, and this was up 7% on a reported basis and up 11% organically. As I mentioned, we saw growth across each of our segments and organic growth across all of our businesses. Once again, demonstrating the strength and positioning of the portfolio. We generated double-digit organic growth in the Industrial and Communications segments and 8% organic growth in transportation, despite an auto production environment that was essentially flat year-over-year. Our orders were $4.2 billion in the quarter with a book-to-bill of 1.02. And this shows that the demand environment continues to be strong. And I'll get into more details about order trends by segment, when I get to the next slide. From an earnings perspective, our adjusted earnings per share was a record of $1.86 and that's up 4% year-over-year with adjusted operating margins of 18.6%. From a cash flow generation, our year-to-date free cash flow was approximately $1 billion with approximately $1.6 billion return to shareholders this year. And I will tell you, we've been aggressively shared buybacks as we're taking advantage of the recent market price dislocations with our stock. As we look forward, we are expecting quarter four sales to be approximately $4.2 billion and adjusted earnings per share to be around the $1.85. Our guidance reflects the benefits of an extra week that we have in the fourth quarter, but also factors in the impact of an increased headwind from currency exchange rates. And if you look at the slide, we've provided the details of each of these items and how they impact our fourth quarter. Before I get the orders. One thing I do want to do is move away from the financials for a moment and highlight that I'm pleased that we issue our 12th corporate responsibility report last quarter, which reinforces our One Connected World strategy. When you look at the report, it has many highlights, but one of the keys that I think is important was that we were successful in driving a 30% reduction in absolute greenhouse gas emissions in a single year in fiscal 2021. And this is a very large step towards our goal of achieving a 40% plus absolute reduction in our Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. So with those being the highlights on Slide 3, let me turn to Slide 4 and I'll discuss order trends as well as what we're seeing in our markets. For the third quarter, our orders were $4.2 billion as we expected. And this reflects the continued strong demand environment from our customers, as well as we continue to see the impacts of ongoing supply chain volatility in the markets. Our backlog is up over 20%, and increased double-digits in each of our segments versus the prior year. It is also important to note that currency exchange headwinds are not only impacting our sales, but also when you look in the year and year compares negatively impacts the value of orders in the third quarter. And this impact when you look at the year and year compare, or orders would be $230 million higher this quarter, if it wasn't for the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. In Transportation, we have a book-to-bill of one in the third quarter, which is in line with where the segment has run historically. And keep in mind that we also have a strong backlog position. And demand for autos remains healthy and is significantly higher than what OEMs can currently produce, providing a potential setup for future auto production increases as supply chain bottlenecks begin to resolve and dealer inventories get back to more normal levels. In our Industrial segment, we saw another quarter of strong orders with a book-to-bill of 1.16 and growth across all businesses year-over-year. We continue to see a favorable backdrop in capital expenditures for factory automation, manufacturing capacity and renewable energy. And these trends benefit both our industrial equipment and our energy businesses. The other thing about our Industrial segment orders are were continuing to see improving order trends in the commercial aerospace, as well as medical markets, where we expect growth as those markets continue to recover. In our Communications segment orders reflect a double digit increase in our backlog versus the prior year, along with expected moderation in the appliance market that weve been talking about all year. And one thing, when you look at the communications order trends, it is important to note that our backlog in our Communication segment is approximately $1 billion. So with that as a backdrop on orders, let me get into the year-over-year segment results that you can see on Slide 7 through 7 and each one of those slides have the details for each segment. So starting with transportation. Our sales were up 8% organically year-over-year. Our auto business grew 9% organically versus auto production that was roughly flat versus the prior year. Global auto production was 18 million units and this was slightly lower than our expectations due to the lockdowns in China. And we do expect some sequential increase in auto production into the fourth quarter. The trends around our content remain robust as we continue to benefit from increased electronification, as well as higher production of electric vehicles. And we do expect electric vehicles to be up over 30% this year compared to a total auto production environment that is going to be flat. As we look forward, we do expect continued expansion in our content per vehicle and youll see that as we move from the first half to the second half of this year. In the commercial transportation market, we saw 10% organic growth driven by North America and Europe with significant market out performance in all regions driven by strong content growth, as well as share gains. In our sensors business, we grew 2% organically and what was nice of that growth was driven by the focus we have on factory automation applications. When you look at earnings for the segment, adjusted operating margins were 17.3% and this was impacted by the inflationary pressures. As you know, theres a timeline from when we incur higher inflation until price increases become effective with our auto customers. So lets move to the Industrial segment and in our Industrial segment sales increased 13% organically year-over-year. Industrial equipment was up 19% organically with double digit growth in all regions and continued benefits from increased capital spending and factory automation. In our energy business, we saw 17% organic growth driven by increased penetration in renewable applications. And in our aerospace defense and marine business, this is the first time weve seen year-over-year growth since the market was impacted by COVID. And we now expect continued growth as we go forward. Our medical sales in the segment were up 1% organically with a modest increase in interventional procedures, as well as medical device market is continuing to work through supply chain challenges. From a segment margin perspective, our adjusted operating margins expanded year-over-year by 100 basis points to 16.8% driven by higher volume and strong operational performance by our team. We have made significant progress in our margin progression over the past several years. And Im pleased with how the team continues to drive towards its business model target of consistent high teens operating margin. So lets turn to the Communication segment. And as you can just see, looking at the slide, our team continues to execute, while capitalizing on the growth trends in the markets they serve. Sales growth was 16% organically year-over-year for the segment with growth in both businesses as highlighted on the slide. In our data and device business, we saw market out performance driven by content growth in high speed cloud, as well as share gains in artificial intelligence applications. And as we highlighted last quarter, these artificial intelligence applications do improve energy efficient in the data center. And its just another example of how we enable lower carbon emissions with our customers through our engineering. In our appliance business, it didnt perform ahead of our expectations, despite the expected declines in the China market. We saw growth both in North America and Europe in our appliance business, and that is driven by continued share gains enabled by our global manufacturing strategy. From a margin perspective, the communications team continues to deliver outstanding performance. The adjusted operating margins were 26.2%, and this was up 270 basis points versus a strong quarter in the prior year. And our teams continue to deliver strong performance, both on sales as well as proving margin resiliency. So with that as a backdrop of our segment results, let me turn it over to Heath who will get into more details on the financials as well as our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8 where I will provide more details on the Q3 financials. Adjusted operating income was $761 million with an adjusted operating margin of 18.6%. GAAP operating income was $719 million and included $30 million of restructuring and other charges and $12 million of acquisition related charges. We continue to expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million for the full year as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was $1.86 and GAAP EPS was $1.83 for the quarter and included a tax related benefit of $0.06, and additionally we had restructuring acquisition and other charges of approximately $0.09. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q3 was approximately 19%. For the fourth quarter we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be roughly 20%. So we continue to expect an adjusted effective tax rate around 19% for the full year. Importantly, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year. Now turn to Slide 9. Sales of $4.1 billion, a company record were up 17% reported and up 11% on an organic basis year-over-year. When you think about our organic growth, approximately one-third was driven by price increases and the remaining two-thirds was driven by volume as a result of the strength of our portfolio. In the third quarter currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $236 million, and $0.07 versus the prior year. As Terrence mentioned, FX impacts have worsened significantly over the past 90 days. In Q4, we expect currency exchange rates to be a sequential headwind of approximately $70 million and a year-over-year headwind of approximately $275 million. For the full year we now expect a negative impact from FX of roughly $700 million, which is significantly worse than our view 90 days ago. Adjusted EPS was a record at $1.86; adjusted operating margins were 18.6%, and I am pleased with the performance of our team given the incremental inflationary and supply chain pressures we are seeing. We continue to pull pricing levers across the business to help partially offset these pressures, and as we talked about last quarter, while we are not able to offset these costs dollar-for-dollar, we continue to recover approximately two-thirds through price and the remaining through productivity initiatives. We continued taking pricing actions to offset these inflationary pressures. Turning cash flow in the quarter; cash from operation from  excuse me, from operating activities was $579 million, free cash flow for the quarter was $423 million and as we mentioned in past calls, the year-over-year trend in free cash flow does reflect strategic inventory builds. However, we expect a work down inventory this quarter with Q4 expected to be the highest quarter of free cash flow for the fiscal year. Through the first three quarters of the year we have returned approximately 1.6 billion to shareholders with approximately 1.1 billion returned through share buybacks. We will continue to remain disciplined in our use of capital and near term. We have been aggressive in buying back our stock and taking advantage of investing in our own value creation opportunities. So we've made significant progress towards our business model over the past few years, and our teams are continuing to execute well in a volatile environment. The strategic positioning of the portfolio has enabled us to deliver sales growth, margin resiliency and EPS expansion despite the challenges we are facing. We will continue to focus on what we can control to effectively serve our customers and drive strong financial performance, including strong cash generation. So now let's open it up for questions. Sujal?
Sujal Shah: Hey, thank you. Can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Snyder with UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to ask about expectations for global auto production over the next couple quarters. Obviously a big debate in the market, consumers are pressured but we've already had production year top levels for the last two years. So just what are you hearing from customers around expectations for production and, and intern connectors over the visible time horizon and would also be interested in any views on auto demand versus production debate? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure Chris thanks for the question. And let's just frame it a little bit. Auto production I talked about it in my comments, we think in our fiscal year, the September year, there can be 76 million vehicles made this year and that's the same amount as it was made last year. And you look at demand; we would tell you we think demand is well above 80 million units. And also to give you another guide goes back in 2019 pre-COVID, there was 88 million cars made on the planet. So we still have a way to go to get back to pre-COVID production. And we can also see where inventory levels are in pretty much every region of the world still very low. So we do think there is potential for production increases, even if demand comes down a little bit there's still a big disconnect between demand levels versus what our customers can deliver. And a lot of that is well documented from the OEMs around semiconductor supply and things like that. I think the other thing that I just want to say is we did see 18 million units made this quarter. Going into the next quarter we do think, and I said in my prepared remarks, 19 million units and so there is I think upward momentum to production as we move into next year the supply chain continues to improve. I think to Heath's point though, the other thing is what we control. We control content. We don't control production. Certainly TE does not make semiconductors. But I think the other element I just want to stress is, and I think it's shown up through this period even in a tough production environment like we've been in the past couple years, how our content has expanded from what was in the 60s, consistently in the 80s you'll see an increase in the second half really shows where we position the portfolio bodes around as electric vehicles continue to be built, continue being a bigger pie, but also from the electronification. And as I told you, [indiscernible], you can look at that $20-plus delta per vehicle, about 60% of that's driven by electric vehicle growth. The other 40% is due to electronics on both combustion engines as well as on electric vehicle. So I do think while production has been frustrating, I do think we're still well below demand and if we do get some breaks on semiconducting other supply chain, there could be upside as we go next year, even with a cloudy macro environment.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from David Kelly with Jeffries. Your line is open.
David Kelly: Hey, good morning, Terrence and Heath, and thanks for taking my question. Maybe to follow-up on the order summary page and specifically the transportation and communications orders which pulled back a bit here. Can you talk about demand trends and maybe transportation kind of outside of automotive and then also what you're seeing in communications and maybe also if you could give us a sense of how orders are tracking for both in markets Q4 to date, that would be great? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. So let me take the first, the last piece of your question first. So when you look at our orders in July from a TE level, they're running very similar to what they were running at last quarter. So our orders overall have been pretty steady here. What we saw last quarter as we go into this one month in, so from a July they remain healthy. The other thing that I think is important is we do have to keep them perspective, and we talked about this a lot over the past year, two years. A lot of customers were ordering ahead. Certainly we have an elevated backlog position. And even in some of the compares like our communication segment, last year in this quarter our orders were over $800 million. So it's very strong compares and tough compares. What we continue to look at in our orders is orders with backlog, and I mentioned on the call communications we have $1 billion of backlog and our communication customers did a good job of ordering out. I do think they did a better job than our transportation customers when they were trying to make sure they were securing supply and overall that's what you're seeing in the trends. So as we look forward and no different with our guide, we continue to see healthy demand trends, certainly the industrial markets continue to look like they're accelerating and we have two of our four markets in industrial. We're a little bit later to the recovery party with medical and commercial aerospace, industrial equipment stays strong, and the one market that we do see moderation in which isn't a surprise we talked about has been the appliance market. We would've thought there'd be moderation even before now. We sold it in China. Certainly that's tied to housing and property and we would expect that will continue to moderate. But when we say moderation, you're really talking about our orders sequential going from our March quarter to our June quarter being down like 12%. I don't want it to be either falling off a cliff, but they did moderate. And certainly the backlog also supports where we guide them. So hopefully that gives you a better color about how we think about and also confidence.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, David. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Terrence, can you talk about the various moving pieces and margins across the segments? Automotive was weaker and I know you experienced a lot of headwinds in the quarter, but comps and industrials were quite strong. How should we think about the trajectory from here? And also if you could address how the incremental margin should track because that that seemed to decelerate someone in the quarter? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Hey, Wamsi this is Heath, and I appreciate the question. Listen, I think if we just start with where we are TE in total, right, we're still tracking in that mid-18% level, which is really where we've been tracking most of the year. And there's no doubt some of the strength coming out of our communications segment. And then some of the improvement we're seeing in industrial has helped offset some of the pricing lag that we get in the automotive and overall transportation business. But we're pretty pleased with the diversity of the portfolio and the ability to be able to withstand these volatile environments. Part of the answer to your question, though is the timing on when price increase is the one to affect. Within transportation specifically, you're dealing with a lot of automotive customers and there's a lag between when we see the price increases go in relative to when we see the impact of inflation. And I think it's important for us to remember that where we operate in the world, inflation looks very different. And in some cases it has worsened including in Europe where energy prices have continued to be a pretty significant headwind. So we are offsetting about two-thirds of that inflationary pressure with price, which as you know, well, us moving into positive prices was a big move coming out of COVID here, but it does still be because we can only cover about two-thirds of it. It still does require us to make up the difference through either productivity initiatives, and then obviously what we've been undertaking with some of the longer term restructuring activities. Within the quarter, I think it'd be fair to say transportation also felt a little bit of the impact from China, just the inefficiencies of not shipping much for two months and then catching it all up in the final month of the quarter that did have an impact. And as we move forward, I think we'll continue to focus in on where we stand from our ability to be able to pass on price, but overall we're feeling good in where we stand. So with that hopefully that answers your questions. Thanks.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning and thank you for taking the question. So you would better understand the FX impacts and from a couple dimensions potentially. So first you spoke to some of the translational impacts, but are you seeing any change in actual business conditions and are any of the international companies potentially being more aggressive with quoting activity given some of the changes in currencies and then specifically to the P&L, I was hoping you could maybe speak a little bit more specific to the 4Q sequential EPS. Heath, I think you said its $70 million on revenue quarter-on-quarter; could you speak to the EPS impact? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Mark. As I said on the call it's  when we said here 90 days ago, I gave a number range for the full year FX impact. I think it should be between $400 million and $500 million, and that has stepped up by a couple, $250 million for our full year now to about $700 million. And about 75% of that has been in the second half of our fiscal year that we're in the middle of right now. So it does flow through when we give that's the translational impact, the overall EPS impact from all that's about $0.17 for the full year FY 2022. So it is meaningful to us. In the fourth quarter, we expect that number to be year-over-year about $275 million. So incrementally worse than what we saw the third quarter. And as we look into the first, we look into FY 2023, obviously we'll provide more guide here next quarter. But if we just snapped a line in the sand right now with where various currencies are, it would be about $300 million headwind in FY 2023 for us most of which would be in the first half of our fiscal year. So there's some numbers out at you just to try to frame up what we're seeing out there. Now, your question on the competitive landscape, we really haven't seen a whole lot difference in that yet we're keeping an eye on it, but for the most part, we haven't seen anything change considerably in terms of how competitors are treating each other along those lines. And listen, we're not economists, we're not going to predict where the dollar is going to go relative to these other currencies that we do transact in, but we feel pretty good about our balanced position globally.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Robert Jamieson: Hey, good morning. This is Robert Jamieson in for Joe. Just wanted to pivot quickly and ask about the buyback activity. It looks like you guys are running about two experts you did last year this time. Just wondering if there is any changes to your capital allocation strategy.
Heath Mitts: Well, this is Heath, I'll take this question. Listen, long-term, our strategy is unchanged, right? So you think about it over a cycle we still think about two thirds of our free cash flow being returned to shareholders in the form of buyback and dividends, and about one third being used for M&A. However, we've always qualified that with there will be times when we might deploy more into M&A, and there will be times when we might deploy more through buybacks and that kind of takes into consideration market dynamics where we're trading the value of acquisitions out there relative to our value and weighing everything through a strategic lens as well. So we have the good fortune that we have a very strong balance sheet and that has allowed us to play offense in the near term here. It's allowed us to play offense in the sense that we were able to make some strategic inventory builds and flex our working capital to make sure we are taking care of our customers. That's not letting ourselves off the hook. We will start working that back down. Now that we're seeing a little bit  in certain markets a little bit more visibility allows us to plan in our factories. But we've been able to flex with that. We've been able to flex obviously using our free cash flow for buybacks as well. But I would not consider this a permanent change, but more of an opportunity to create value for our shareholders.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Rob. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Yes. Good morning, everyone. So I guess I have a question on a clarification. Terrence the questions for you as you think about beyond the September quarter, I think, there is a lot of concern around what 2023 could look like given all the macro worries that are out there. Can you perhaps just maybe talk about the cross curves that you see at TE as it relates to 2023 across the segments would be helpful? I think to just level set things like constant growth and how you see that stacking up next year. And then Heath if you could just clarify, I heard your discussion around margins, maybe I don't appreciate this enough yet. Why are margins going down in September quarter sequentially, when I think some of the headwinds you've talked about, should alleviate? So lead us what the margins puts and takes as well in September. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Amit. And let me get into the first half of your question. As you know we've been guiding a quarter out, so anything we'll give you more about next year, but I'll give you some initial thoughts here and then we'll tighten them up in 90 days. The transportation back to an earlier question I had content was very good about, and you can all see the OEM programs that are coming out on electric vehicles, it isn't one or two OEMs in the world it's every OEM in the world that's coming out with electric vehicles that the content momentum that we've had we continue to see that. And probably being closer to the higher end of the range that we've talked about in the four to six.  But that's not only in automotive. That's also in commercial transportation and our commercial transportation team has been driving a lot of content. So I think you can have a good content there. And let's face it this year in commercial transportation in 2022, China was rough. China drove the entire global market to contract this year, but our team grew. And I do think, as you think about some of the stimulus, China is doing around infrastructure, as well as what they are doing around auto stimulus as they are coming out of COVID, I do think there is upside opportunity versus the production environment in both of those markets that I said earlier. And certainly that China stimulus is important, because it's one of the most, the bigger market in the U.S., as well as Europe. In industrial, I would tell you, feel good about the CapEx trends feel very good about the renewable positioning we've done in energy and solar 17% growth here. This quarter in energy, I think, you are going to continue to see that momentum because they were tied to good trends and then com air and medical I know I spoke about they are growing again, but in com air, we're still only at two thirds of what we were pre-COVID. And while single-aisle has improved, there is double-aisle opportunity that's even more content for us than a single-aisle aircraft. So the content is true there and it's really about, how the large air framers continue to ramp production as it gets in there? When you look at our Communication segment, I think, it's going to be probably a tale of two cities. The appliance market we've talked about we expect that to moderate next year, but offsetting that will be Cloud CapEx. And the question where does Cloud CapEx go after? It was up 20% this year we do expect Cloud CapEx growth next year. We just have to see where our customers really put it at. I'm not sure it will be a 20%, but I still believe it will be growth. So there is a bunch of moving pieces out there, but I would tell you, when we look at the order trends, we also look at the content growth that you've seen in our results plus the backdrop of where we play. It still feels very constructive as we go into 2023. And as I said, when we get on our next quarter call, we'll add more color versus what we're saying. So, Heath, why don't you take the second piece of Amits question?
Heath Mitts: Sure Amit, your question was relative to implied margins for Q4. As you know, we did not guide the margin number. So if you are backing into a margin number relative to the sales and the EPS, I think, one taking consideration of the tax, rate is going to be a point higher as we guided in the fourth quarter. So, we're not seeing a dramatic fall off in margins. But if you are on the fringes, if you will, keep in mind a couple of things as we signaled we do expect our Communications segment to be a little bit lower revenue levels in the fourth quarter, just because of some of the appliance pieces the Terrence just talked about that has a little bit of a mix impact. There is no change in our assumptions around this inflation and price. Go get when we're only covering two thirds. And then again on the fringes, we are going to be working down some inventory in the quarter and that's going to have a little bit of impact as we work through that. But it's not something that we see falling materially at all if any.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Terrence if we zoom out and don't really focus on any particular end marketer segment, just look at the overall revenue performance and overall bookings, this sort of feels like the elusive soft landing. We're still seeing good revenue growth, but the orders are backing off these very elevated levels that we've experienced in recent quarters. Is that the way you all see it? And if that's the right characterization, how many more quarters of this sort of performance do you anticipate? Do you think that this is going to continue to play out and we'll continue see perhaps moderation of orders, but sort of a burning of the backlog and revenue growth still sort of at good levels?
Terrence Curtin: Well, thanks for the question. And I guess, I know we spoke to many about it. When we think about our business and the lead time for our product, let's put things into perspective about our lead times, for an average product, you might be six to twelve weeks. So I do want to frame, when you look at TE and you think about an average lead time, you are six to twelve weeks, it's not some of lead times you hear from other product categories that you have. So there is an element here of when we were talking about book-to-bills of 1.20, we always said there will come a time that as markets become more normalized, we would expect our book-to-bill, to reflect more normal patterns than a 1.2 book-to-bill. So when I look at it and I think about transportation, getting closer to a one, we are expected to get to. Certainly as we work off backlog, like you saw in communications, we got a lot of backlog. We have over a $1 billion in backlog in communications. Customers they feel good with that backlog, they are not going to place more orders. They're going to want to work that off. And we looked for pushes and cancellations. Are people pushing out orders, are they canceling orders? We are not seeing any major trends in pushes and cancellations. So with the indicators that we're looking at show that hey, while we have some markets in transition like appliance, that we've been highlighting to you we also still have markets that are still trying to catch up like commercial aerospace. So I do think it's an environment where not everything is going up and growing. And we just have to realize if a customer is concerned about the macro, they are probably going to get a little bit more conservative and say, hey, let me work off a little bit of backlog. So I think you are going to continue to see book-to-bills getting more normalized in an environment like we have. But certainly we have some markets where customers are concerned about supply chain volatility. And like we talked about in the Industrial segment, we're still at a 1.16 book-to-bill, which is a very strong book-to-bill. And that means we're still building backlog.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. Will, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is MP on for Samik Chatterjee from J.P. Morgan. Thank you for taking my question. So I just wanted to ask regarding the order trends in industry like you are seeing some of your peers downgrading their expectations for the growth in this particular sector. Additionally, the global PMIs are also down relatively compared to the starting of the year. What exactly is driving like strong order growth for you in this particular sector? And as you said that as you see them accelerating as well.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. When I look at our  thank you for the question. When we look at our industrial business unit, it also comes into the backlog of our customers. If you look at our customers that are all the robot manufacturers of the world, certainly the factory automation, and you even go back to semi capacity, be put in electric vehicle battery capacity, being put in, other automation program being put in, they're the drivers of it. So you have to look at the capital spending and the backlog of the projects continues to be very strong. And that's creating backlog for our customers of the world, whether they're in Asia, whether they're in Europe, whether they're here. And what's nice is we're very globally deployed in that business unit. And orders continue to be very strong is people are trying to make sure they can fulfill their backlog. And we've really positioned well in that space. And you've seen that outperformance consistently over the past year and a half.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Good morning, everyone.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Matt.
Matt Sheerin: Terry, I was hoping to get your take on inventory picture at your customers. Obviously with longer lead times, there is ordering and perhaps double ordering even of your products, which we don't typically see with interconnects. But are you getting a sense of any build particularly in the industrial markets where you have a lot of distribution exposure. We're seeing lots of inventory at EMS and the OEMs, and at some point, that's all going to give and we're going to see a correction and I'm just wondering, are you seeing that, are you expecting that at some point?
Terrence Curtin: Well, I think the thing is first off being, people have been trying to make sure you're not going to want to hold up manufacturing of an end product for a connector. If you're waiting for a semiconductor, people will want to make sure they have the interconnects with certainly the semiconductor being the brain. And we're a little bit more like the arms and the legs. But when you look at it and you take distribution to what you've said. Distribution inventory is still not back to where we would expect it to be. It's still probably 15 days light on a term perspective of where it was pre-COVID. So we continue to monitor that inventory position. And that's an important thing to watch to make sure that the distribution channel does not get heavy from a day's perspective. So feel good that they're still in a good spot, when you get into where our product goes everywhere in the world, we're not going to know every little pocket inventory. But it's something that if lead times continue to get better and I wouldn't tell you, they have gotten better yet, they're stable, but they're not better. You would expect, there might be a little bit of an air pocket, but we're not at that point yet.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning, Terrence, Heath, Sujal.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, good morning.
Christopher Glynn: Hey, had a question about how you're viewing market share in the electric vehicle space. Curious if you're able to kind of cite or see share gain there or if the market's still too formative?
Terrence Curtin: When you look at that and I think you have to start with, we have a very strong position already. And as we say, we're in essentially every car in the planet already. So I think our market share, our strong position we already have that has been in combustion engine as we bring the technology. And I know we've shared content elements of, hey, you look at an electric vehicle, it's about 2x, what we have. But then you also carry over what we do on a low voltage architecture that when you add the high voltage motors in it, basically is additive. So when you look at it from a market share, I feel very good about the programs we're winning. What's in great is it's as global as our current position. We want to sit there and make sure we're globally positioned. And it's pretty similar to what we have and what we had in our historical market share.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Shreyas Patil with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Shreyas Patil: Hey, thanks so much. Just wanted to quickly understand, how do you think about the interplay between order activity and backlog? So, for example, if you're seeing some segments like transportation now in a more normal book-to-bill, but you also mentioned that the backlog is still growing in those segments is the right way to think about that, potentially the order activity would moderate as those customers try to work down that backlog. I'm just trying to understand, how we should be interpreting those going forward.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, book-to-bill of one basically means you're not building backlog. So I think the one thing, when we look at book-to-bills, please remember there's two numbers in a book-to-bill equation. The order number, and then obviously the revenue number and you have to realize, we have brought up our output by the growth that we talked about. So the bill has also gone up. But when you look at it, similar to what we talked about in communications, if the backlog is so strong, you can have a book-to-bill below one because the customers feel they are scheduled out over a couple quarters, could be up to three quarters in our case where they say, hey, guess what, I feel good, where I'm primed in the system and you could run below one a little bit. So they're just key factors of how it works. And I think you have to keep in the mindset. I'll go back to what I said today. When we have an average lead time of six to 12 weeks, let's say, we aren't somebody that has backlog that goes out years. That is not our business, our backlog typically is within the next nine months.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Shreyas. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Suva with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you. I know it's just kind of an accounting thing with the extra week, but I know that there's also year-end thing, whether it be stock vesting, merit increases, but also in your fiscal Q4, a lot of the OEMs do production change over years and kind of close for annual vacation and switch over model years and such. So I know you gave some commentary in your slides on the Q4 impact. But I'm just wondering, is it more complicated than just adding one extra week of sales and EPS due to some of the things I mentioned. And importantly, though, for setting up expectations for Q1, I know it's early, but do we just remove that exact same amount in Q1 or is it kind of non-linear and I expect that it's a lot more complicated than what people just may initially think, but I think it's important. So people level set and don't get ahead of themselves for extrapolating that going forward. So any additional clarity around that on revenues and EPS would be great for the extra week.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Jim, and good to hear from you. I'll let Heath handle that.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Terence. Jim, I'm sure you remember that we went through this in the fall of 2016 as well, right, which was the last time we had the extra week. And so this is a convention that does happen every five to six years based on when the true up of our fiscal calendar where we end up with an extra week. So if you think about it, from a fiscal year perspective, operationally, nothing changes, right. So nothing changes relative to a cut over into our October which will be the first month of FY2023, nothing changes with employee schedules and everything else. It really is basically a mechanism that trues up the calendar every five to six years. It does provide, as we did here, we gave our best guesstimate of what that extra week will provide, which is about $250 million in revenue and about $0.10 of EPS, what will happen. And when we get our fourth quarter results in our Q1 guide here in about 90 days, we will tighten up that estimate. So we'll give you what we can calculate it more appropriately or more accurately at that time. And then obviously as we move into the first quarter, first quarter, we'll be back to having 13 weeks and we'll move forward with that way. So from a Q4 to Q1 compare, there is an extra week in Q4 versus Q1. We're estimating that to be about $250 million and about $0.10 of EPS. But we'll tighten all that up and be very transparent. As we close the books here in about 90 days. So I hope that it answers your question, but it's some fun stuff. We work through every five to six years with this fiscal calendar.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Jim. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. I heard all the comments on margins this morning. I was just wondering if you could dig a little deeper into the communications margins. I think you keep telling us not to expect these mid 20 margins to repeat themselves, but they keep repeating. So there must be something going on in terms of products or pricing or execution since youve put up 26% and youre talking about pressure on appliance markets. So any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Steve. This is Heath. Listen, I know we  the question  in our stated business model, right, weve said this segment should be in the high teens operating margins, and Im acutely aware that weve been running significantly higher than that, particularly for the past couple of years. I think whats important here is, is to step back a little bit and say, this was a journey in this segment to get it to where it is today, right? There was a lot of  if you go back several years, there was about $1 billion of consumer related product that we walked away from. And then there was a tremendous amount of restructuring to get this business where it is today. And what that shows is when you get that operating footprint, right, and then you get these levels of volume that were seen out of both appliances as well as data and devices. We can kick out these kinds of margins. So theres nothing artificial in these margins. We have been aggressive on price as you would expect. And in some cases we are able to pass through price in both industrial and in communications a bit more efficiently because a bigger chunk of those businesses go through channel partners. And those price increases can go on a little bit more rapidly and take effect more quickly versus transportation. That is a renegotiation OEM by OEM. So there is some price piece. Theres no doubt about that. And well continue to keep our foot pressed down on those elements to help cover. Were not  were just trying to cover where we stand from an inflationary pressure environment. But when we do see appliance, moderate, right? Weve been running about $1 billion annual run rate on appliances. And if that moderates down some element  some amount, we do expect that to have a little bit of pressure on the margin front. That doesnt mean we see it collapsing, and well give more color as were more comfortable with that here this fall. But right now at these volume levels, this would be the margin you would expect.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joseph Spak: Thanks so much. Can you give us some color on what your customers are thinking in Europe, in light of the energy issues there? Like ironically, one of the things weve heard is in transportation industrial, some of those players may try to produce as much as possible this quarter to get ahead of what they think might be potential larger issues later in the winter, I guess as long as the supply chain allows them to do so. Are you seeing any evidence of that? And then related, I do think you have some facilities in Germany. So how directly impacted would you be by gas shortages?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Good question. And I would say this is real time and were staying close with our customers. So I would not say there is one size fits all as I deal with it. So the key element for us is we got to stay close to our customers on it. We do have a team thats working at real time, and this is a real time issue to say, hey, if output of our customers were impacted and we do have some factories in Europe, primarily supporting the automotive industry, we would have impacts as well. So its a real time situation. But I would not assume its one size fits all across Europe.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next session comes from Luke Junk with Baird. Your line is open.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Heath just hoping you can help us unpack the margin in industrial this quarter. Its a new high water mark. If we look bigger picture and there was a nice step up sequentially as well. Last time we saw this kind of step up was in the third quarter last year and that margin upside proved to be pretty sticky on a go forward basis. So just hoping you could expand on whats going on under this surface and that business this quarter, especially as it pertains to the path of industrial margins from here. Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Thanks, Luke. Listen, weve been very public going back almost five years now on this march in towards margin improvement in this segment, right? And it involved a lot of restructuring activity. We talked about at the time this is going back when we started this journey of taking over 20 facilities offline and consolidating those into lower cost locations, where we already had capabilities and capacity. And I would say were two-thirds the way through that at this point. Certainly, we did not anticipate COVID and some of the other in the bounce back and so forth that that weve had to adjust the playbook a little bit on timing. But the overall strategy is unchanged and a lot of it is around rooftop consolidations and so forth. And weve been more aggressive in this segment with acquisitions, which also give opportunity to us to for the right size and realize synergies by integrating those into existing facilities that we already have. So in most recently the ERNI acquisition came in and we see a real margin opportunity there within that business, which is in our industrial equipment portion of the overall segment. Having said all that, theres still pieces of the segment that are underperforming from a margin perspective and maybe  and largely thats due to volume, right? Terrence talked about medical and our commercial aero business, which is inside our aerospace and defense business unit. Those are far from getting back to normalized volume levels and both of those opportunities avail  opportunities for us to continue to see margin expansion in addition to some of the restructuring activities. So, hey, were pleased with the results this quarter. In any one quarter there can be noise, that swings your margins a point or so either direction, but were pleased with the results. Were pleased with the trajectory of where the cost structure is in this business. Obviously, as I mentioned in the previous question, were able to get more pricing in this segment than we have in transportation. So theres a lot of good things going here. And with the recovery of medical and commercial air, we feel like theres still legs to go.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Nikolay Todorov with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nikolay Todorov: Yes. Thanks and good morning. Two clarification questions for me. One is in auto, you posted 9% outgrowth versus production. But I just wonder, was there any inventory build in the June quarter last year that would suggest that your outgrowth was even stronger? And then the second question clarification, I think it was asked, but what is the FX EPS impact sequentially? I think revenue impact $70 million to $75 million sequentially, but what is the FX, the EPS impact sequentially? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: So one  Im going to let Heath take the second part and Ill talk about the first part.
Heath Mitts: Yes. Nikolay, I apologize if we didnt provide that. The sequential impact we are on FX, we are estimating to be its around $70 million revenue and about $0.05 of EPS sequentially.
Terrence Curtin: And then on the outperformance, quarter on quarter Im always going to caution you, be careful on trying to come up with inventory bills in a quarter, especially with the volatility we have. So when you look at it, I dont think there was a meaningful impact that you should take that out performance and add or subtract to it.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Nik. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for getting me back in. I apologize if this might have already been asked. But specifically in the transportation end market, you have a target of 20% EBIT margins. And I understand that right now were going through this well documented and well discussed on this call inflationary FX that theres a timing effect of passing that on. Do you all have an expectation as to when you might approach that 20% level again? Is that like something we should think of in the next year or two? Or is that now feeling longer out in time?
Heath Mitts: Thanks for the question. Im not going to go back through, like you said, weve discussed a lot of things on the call here relative to the current situation with our ability to get price relative to inflationary pressures and the pressures that thats putting on the business. So, as that equation morphs over the next year or so, well see how that plays out. The other thing was, if you recall, a couple of years ago we did start, particularly in our Western European footprint for transportation of taking of restructuring a couple of locations and thats well underway in some cases, well see support coming out of those actions here as we get into next year. But the other thing to remember is, weve talked about in our business model, right? That 20% target for transportation, that never contemplated auto production being down in the 76 million, 77 million units. So, if you start to  we start to see some support there where were getting closer to 21 plus million units a quarter. I think that is a better opportunity for us to capitalize on not just our content growth, but also absolute volume production that were set up to support. So I think that would have the bigger impact versus most of the other variables.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Will. I want to thank everybody for joining our call today. If you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, todays conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 AM Eastern Time today, July 27th on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivitys website. That will conclude the conference for today.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-04-27 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call.
 [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead. 
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's second quarter 2022 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts.  
 During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items.  
 The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question. We are willing to take follow-up questions but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments. 
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal. And also, I appreciate every joining us today. to cover our second quarter results as well as our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal '22. Before Heath and I take you through the slides and details, I want to take a moment to discuss the current environment and frame our performance relative to some of the developments that we've been seeing.  
 Since our last earnings call 3 months ago, we've seen some elements of the macro environment become more volatile. And specifically, we've seen the invasion of Ukraine as well as COVID lockdowns in certain parts of China. While we've seen volatility increase, we continue to see strong end demand trends across the markets that we serve. And I'm very pleased that despite the incremental pressures, our teams were able to deliver results in quarter 2 that were ahead of our expectations.  
 Our continued strong performance is a result of how we strategically positioned our portfolio around secular growth trends. Also, the resilience of our global manufacturing strategy, where we have invested to produce in region, and the commitment of the hard work of our employees across the world. I'm very proud of our teams as they continue to overcome broader challenges to effectively serve our customers to both manage the present while also ensuring we're winning programs that will drive future growth for TE. 
 I'd like to put our performance into perspective a little bit. We've made significant progress towards our business model over the past couple of years. We've been driving top line growth despite market headwinds, executing successfully on cost reduction and footprint consolidation plans, and driving margin and earnings per share growth despite the supply chain and inflationary pressures that we faced.  
 And if you look at TE versus a pre-COVID time frame of fiscal 2019, our auto sales have increased nearly 20%, against auto production declines of approximately 10 million units or 15%, and this really illustrates our global strengths in the automotive space as well as the content gains we've been talking to you about. Our industrial equipment and data and device businesses have both grown approximately 50% over the same time frame, and this is significantly above the markets that we serve, showing the benefit of where we strategically position these businesses as well as the strong execution of our teams. 
 I do think it's important to separate signal from noise as you look at TE from an investment perspective. While we are in a very noisy environment near term, the longer-term growth signals across our portfolio remain positive. These signals are secular in nature, giving us confidence that we will continue to perform in line with our business model through cycle as an industrial technology leader. 
 We have all 3 segments contributing to our performance. For example, in our Transportation segment, we are the established global leader for EV connectivity solutions. Over the past year, the value of our design win pipeline grew by over 50%, and we are designed into every major electric vehicle and hybrid platform with customers around the world. 
 This positioning has been driving and will continue to fuel our content growth and enable consistent above-market performance in our Transportation segment. If you turn to our Industrial segment, we are in the heart of the industrial automation trend and have grown our sales at double the rate of capital expenditures as the markets recovered from COVID.  
 We've been working with industry-leading customers to develop engineered solutions targeting higher-growth robotic and safety applications, and this is resulting in the robust growth pipeline that you're seeing. And in our Communications segment, we are expanding content in high-speed cloud applications and gaining share in artificial intelligence deployments as customers implement workload architectures to make data centers more efficient. And these are just a few of the secular trends that we have positioned the portfolio around, which will drive future growth, and we remain excited about the long-term growth and margin expansion opportunities we still have in front of us.  
 So now let me highlight a couple of few additional takeaways from today's call. Our second quarter results were a record in quarterly sales and adjusted earnings per share with strong results in each segment. On a year-over-year basis in the second quarter, we delivered organic sales growth of 8% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 15%, along with adjusted operating margins of 18.4%. The Margins expanded in each segment year-over-year as our teams are effectively managing pricing and cost in an inflationary environment to drive the margin performance across our businesses. The other key highlight is that the demand environment continues to be strong, and we'll talk about it, and it's evidenced in our orders, which were $4.5 billion in the quarter.  
 Our book-to-bill was well above 1 for each segment, and it reflects the continued strength across our markets. The other highlight about our organic performance is that in the second quarter, it shows to strengthen the positioning of the portfolio with our Industrial and Communications segment growing over 10% and 20%, respectively, and our Transportation segment growing 5% despite auto production declines in the quarter. 
 We continue to benefit from the ramp of new electric vehicle platforms, which will continue to drive content outperformance for our Transportation segment. And the last highlight is that we are expecting our quarter 3 sales to be around $3.9 billion, and this does reflect continued strong performance. We have a strong demand environment. But coupled with the broader volatility, I do want to stress our ability to produce will remain a key factor in our near-term sales performance.  
 So let me turn now, and I'll provide some additional color on some key end demand trends as well as talk about the supply environment. We are continuing to see broad strength in global capital expenditures that relate to factory automation, cloud and data center efficiency as well as renewable energy sources. End demand for autos remain healthy and is significantly higher than what the OEMs can produce, and this provides a set for future auto production increases as supply chain bottlenecks begin to resolve. 
 While we see a demand environment that remains positive, the invasion of Ukraine and COVID lockdowns in China are new developments versus 90 days ago. And let's face it, the supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures continue to linger. On the supply chain, the challenges around material availability and flow, I would tell you are about the same as 90 days ago, but we have seen an uptick in inflationary pressures. I am pleased with how our teams are continuing to manage the supply constraints to meet our obligations to customers, and they are also working additional price increases to partially offset higher costs so that we can maintain margin performance in each segment. We believe that we are differentiated with our global manufacturing strategy and ability to produce in region, and this is helping us to enable the growth in share gains across our business during these volatile times.  
 Now with this as an overview, let me get into the slides and discuss a few additional highlights that are on Slide 3. Our quarter 2 sales of $4 billion were up 7% on a reported basis and 8% on an organic basis, and adjusted earnings per share was $1.81, which is up 15% year-over-year, with both being records, as I mentioned. From a free cash flow perspective, we generated approximately $615 million in the first half. and we returned approximately $670 million to shareholders in the second quarter, and we did increase the pace of our buybacks during the quarter. 
 If I turn from financials for a minute, I'm also impressed that we continue to be recognized for our ESG initiatives with TE being named among the Worlds Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere for the eighth consecutive year. I am pleased with our commitment and continued progress along our ESG initiatives and also our employees are really leaning in and being engaged on these important initiatives across TE. 
 So let me again touch upon our guidance for the third quarter. We do expect sales of approximately $3.9 billion and this will be up 1% on a reported basis and 3% on an organic basis versus the prior year. This guidance does include approximately 300 basis points of year-over-year headwinds from the expected COVID-related shutdowns in China that we expect in the quarter. And we do expect adjusted EPS to be approximately $1.75 in the third quarter. So if you could, I'd like you to turn to Slide 4, and I'll get into the order trends and markets a little bit further. 
 At an overall level, our second quarter orders were $4.5 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.13, and it highlights the strong demand that I mentioned already. While TE is not typically a backlog business, we are in an environment where you need to look at both bookings and backlog to get a full picture of demand. Our backlog is up 40% year-over-year and is up significantly in every segment. Importantly, we continue to see stability in our backlog in each segment, and our customers continue to provide order visibility beyond the current quarter to ensure supply certainty in these ongoing volatile markets. 
 In our Transportation segment, we saw order levels increase sequentially, influenced by concerns around the recent developments in Ukraine and China. Global auto production was in line with our expectations in the second quarter at approximately 19 million units, and we expect auto production to decline slightly in the third quarter on a sequential basis. The trends around our content remained robust as we continue to benefit from increased electronification and higher production of electric vehicles, and we expect electric vehicles to be up approximately 30% this year in production.  
 Given the volatility we're seeing in global auto production and the comparisons that can result as we move through the second half, it is important we look at content per vehicle as an additional long-term metric. Our content per vehicle has expanded from the low $60s range in and pre-COVID times to roughly $80 in fiscal 2021.  
 As we look forward, we expect continued expansion in our content per vehicle from the first half to the second half of this year. When you look beyond the near-term noise in the auto supply chain, we continue to see a favorable setup for our longer-term auto production growth with healthy end demand and dealer inventories that remain extremely low. 
 Looking at our Industrial segment orders. We saw another quarter of strong orders with a book-to-bill of 1.22. We continue to see an improving backdrop with increased capital expenditures for factory automation, manufacturing capacity and renewable energy. And these trends benefit both our industrial equipment and energy businesses. We're also continuing to see improving order trends in the comm air as well as favorable conditions in our medical business, and we expect to see favorable year-over-year revenue comparisons in those businesses later in this fiscal year. 
 And lastly, in Communications, orders continue to reflect strong demand as well. We had a book-to-bill of 1.07. In data and devices, we're seeing a robust outlook for cloud capital expenditures, and we continue to gain share. As we mentioned last quarter, we continue to expect softening in our appliance business from the first half to the second half of this year. And just to add some color on what we're seeing geographically, and I'll do this on an organic basis sequentially. In North America, our orders were up 12%. In Europe, they were up 16%. And in China, our orders were down 4%. 
 So with that overview about orders and markets and what we're seeing, let me get into the segment results that you can see on Slides 5 through 7, and I'll hit on some of the highlights in each of the segments. In our Transportation segment, our sales were up 5% organically year-over-year. Our auto business grew 5% organically versus auto production declines in the mid-single digits. This continues to show the separation of our sales performance versus the market, which is being driven by our leading position in electric vehicles and their increased adoption. 
 In commercial transportation, we saw 5% organic growth driven by North America and Europe, even though the market in China is still going to be down this year, we continue to see significant outperformance in all regions, driven by content growth and share gains.  
 And in our sensors business, we were roughly flat organically, and we continue to see strong design win momentum in transportation applications. If you look at earnings in the segment, adjusted operating margins were 18.2% as our teams continue to execute well and implement price increases to partially offset the inflationary pressures. 
 So let me turn to the Industrial segment, where our sales increased 11% organically year-over-year. In the industrial equipment business, our sales were up 27% organically with double-digit growth in all regions and continued benefits from increased capital spending and factory automation. In energy, we saw 5% organic growth driven by increased penetration in renewable applications. And in our AD&M and medical business, our sales were both roughly flat. And as I said earlier, we expect improvement in both markets and more favorable comparisons as we go forward. At the segment level, adjusted operating margins expanded year-over-year by 280 basis points to 15.3%, driven by higher volume, price actions and strong operational performance. 
 So let me move to the Communications segment. As you'll see on the slide, our teams continue to execute well while capitalizing on the growth trends in the markets that we serve. Sales grew 23% organically year-over-year for this segment, with growth in each business, as you can see on the slide. In our data and devices business, we saw a market outperformance driven by content growth in high-speed cloud and share gains in artificial intelligence applications, which are aimed at improving energy efficiency in data centers. This continues to illustrate how we are enabling a positive impact in carbon emissions across our portfolio through our products and our technologies.  
 In our appliance business, we performed ahead of our expectations, and this is despite the expected declines we saw in the China market. We saw growth in North America and in Europe with continued share gains enabled by our manufacturing strategy to produce close to our customers. This resiliency has proven to be a differentiator as customers navigate the challenges in the macro environment.  
 And from an earnings perspective, our communications team continues to deliver outstanding performance with adjusted operating margins of 24%, up 330 basis points versus a strong quarter in the prior year. Because of the heavy lifting we've done in the segment around cost reduction and footprint consolidation, we expect segment adjusted operating margins to remain above 20% through the second half even as the appliance market moderates. 
 So with that as an overview of the segments and the markets, let me turn it over to Heath to go into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward. 
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q2 financials. Adjusted operating income was $736 million with an adjusted operating margin of 18.4%. GAAP operating income was $705 million and included $21 million of restructuring and other charges and $10 million of acquisition-related charges. 
 We continue to expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million for the full year as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was $1.81, and GAAP EPS was $1.71 for the quarter and included tax-related items of $0.02. Additionally, we had restructuring, acquisition and other charges of approximately $0.08. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q2 was approximately 19%. For the third quarter, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be roughly 20%, and we continue to expect an adjusted effective tax rate around 20% for the full year. Importantly, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well above our adjusted ETR for the full year. 
 So let's turn to Slide 9. Our results that you see on this slide reflect the strong execution of our teams and how we have strategically positioned our portfolio. As Terrence mentioned, we delivered strong results in each segment. Sales of $4 billion, a company record, were up 7% reported and 8% on an organic basis year-over-year. And just to provide some color on our organic growth. Approximately 1/3 of our organic growth was driven by the price increases. Also, currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $116 million versus the prior year.  
 As we look forward into Q3, we expect currency exchange rates to be a sequential headwind of approximately $50 million and a year-over-year headwind of approximately $150 million due to the strength in U.S. dollar. As you may recall, last quarter, we discussed the impacts of currency exchange rates for our fiscal year, and we now expect fiscal '22 impact between $400 million and $500 million headwind from FX. This is about $100 million worse than we were 90 days ago with the majority of that additional impact occurring in our second half of our fiscal year.  
 Adjusted EPS of $1.81 was up 15% year-over-year and represents a company record as mentioned earlier. Adjusted operating margins were 18.4%, and I'm pleased with the performance of our team given the incremental inflationary pressures we are seeing. We are pulling price levers across the business to help partially offset these pressures. While we are not able to offset these cost dollar for dollar, we are able to recover approximately 2/3 through price and the remainder through productivity initiatives. As you would assume, we will continue to respond with pricing levers to mitigate the impacts in this environment.  
 Turning to cash flow in the quarter. Cash from operating activities was $413 million. Free cash for the quarter was $242 million. As we mentioned last quarter for the year-over-year trend in free cash flow reflects strategic inventory builds. We expect free cash flow to increase significantly in the second half of the year versus the first half and expect inventory levels to stabilize as we move through the year. We increased the pace of our share buyback in the quarter and returned approximately $670 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Through the first half, we have returned over $1 billion to shareholders. 
 We remain committed to our disciplined use of capital. And over time, we still expect 2/3 of our free cash flow to be returned to shareholders and 1/3 to be used for bolt-on acquisitions. So before we go to questions, I want to reiterate some of the key points that we covered today. We are continuing to execute well in a volatile environment, demonstrate sales growth, margin resiliency and EPS expansion. We remain in a strong demand environment as evidenced by our orders and backlog and the ability to produce will be a key factor of our near-term revenue performance. 
 We have strategically positioned TE around well-recognized secular growth trends, and we continue to generate performance ahead of the markets we serve. Our teams continue to prove their ability to execute in this volatile environment, effectively serving our customers while managing price and cost dynamics, and we continue to demonstrate resilience through our global manufacturing strategy. So with that, let's now turn it up for questions.  
 Audrey, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 We'll take our first question from Chris Snyder at UBS. 
Christopher Snyder: So my question is on order trends. When we see transportation orders up 18% sequentially, how should we think about the drivers here? Between improving demand, but also, likely longer duration ordering as supply chain fears are picking back up. 
 And then from a higher level, the company talked a lot in the prepared remarks about the secular transformation of the business. So when we look at the $4.5 billion of orders, are there any metrics or color you could provide around how much of this is coming from the secular growth business lines, whether it be EVs, medical, automation or data centers, just to help get more comfortable around the ability to drive continued growth in the macro slowdown? 
Terrence Curtin: No, sure. Thanks, Chris. And there's 2 questions there. And so let's start with the first one. As I said on the comments right now, the demand environment remains strong. And you can look across all 3 segments, certainly, you saw Transportation pick back up. I do think some of that was a reflection of people trying to make sure they had supply chain certainty with what was going on in Eastern Europe and Ukraine which a number of our customers have operations in the Ukraine and Tier 1 customers. And people really working hard to make sure we get continuity of supply. 
 The other thing that you certainly add was also with some of the China lockdowns. And the China lockdowns, we've been dealing with since -- even in the second quarter, certainly in Southern China, but what we're experiencing in Shanghai is obviously more widespread than what we've been dealing with today. And I think the other key thing when you look at these orders, in addition to what I said is I want to go back to a point which I think is very important. The amount we can produce will be the driver of our revenue. And even when we look at our performance in the second quarter, it was more about our teams executing well to be able to get more out and I would say it was more incremental demand, and we're still in a supply chain constrained environment.  
 The other thing about your question on -- that I mentioned in the pre remarks, I do think it's important to also look at backlog. And I know that's not something we like to talk about a lot, but it is something as we continue to see customers try to get more certainty also knowing what's going on around the world, we do see customers placing orders out to make sure they are securing supply certainty. And let's face it over what we do, you don't want to be shutting down the line over what our content is in any application. 
 So we continue to see customers place orders out. It is across all our businesses, and the other element that we always look for is are we seeing pushouts or cancellations in the backlog. And we are not seeing meaningful pushouts or cancellations anywhere. So it really is an indicator that the demand is strong, and we feel good that you see things are, like the industrial businesses, continue to improve from the industrial recovery we've been talking about. Places like appliance, we do see moderating and started in China. We expect that to moderate through the remainder of the year. But net-net, it is a constructive demand environment. 
 As you get down to your second part of your question about orders and those secular trends, I think you see that in how we talk about our guidance and some of the things I'd mentioned. So the orders that we're seeing do reflect those secular trends. I don't have numbers here in front of me to tell you the order by each one of them. But when we talk about our guide and our content outperformance let me tell you, with the program wins as well as the orders as they're coming in, as these are typically newer custom programs, it is things that are coming in and driving the orders as well. 
Operator: And next, we'll go to David Kelley with Jefferies. 
David Kelley: I was hoping to dig into the auto content per vehicle drivers. And I believe you've referenced an expected uptick from first half to second half. I think we have content tracking in the low 80s trailing 12 months versus, you referenced, that low 60s numbers in 2020. So can you walk us through the EV impact to content over the last 2 years and how we should think about EV momentum and contribution into the second half? And then any color on the expectations of broader mix and inventory dynamics, first half to second half, would be helpful as well? 
Terrence Curtin: Okay. Thanks for the question, David. And let me get into -- I want to reiterate what I said in my prepared remarks. And when we talk about automotive content and what EV has done, one of the things that I always think is important in TE is we have content increase due to electronification, which has happened on both combustion and electric vehicles. And then we also get the kicker as EV adoption occurs. And I think it comes through when you think about our auto went to being up 20% versus 2019, while auto production of 10 million units. 
 And really, it really shows where we positioned our portfolio and the investments we've been making for a quarter of a decade. And the $60 I referenced on the comments, that's 2019. So in 2019, our content was around $60, low $60s. And in 2021, we were at $80, and we're running above that as we continue to grow content. And if you look over this period, certainly, the number of ICE vehicles made on the planet went down, the number of EV vehicles are up significantly.  
 And if you look at content going from $60 to $80, about 60% of that content increase is due to electric vehicles, their increased adoption as well as our content, both of those items. But the other 40% is content growth on electronification across vehicles, and that includes ICE cars. So we have content increase on both types of platforms over this period. Certainly, you get the kicker that we've always talked to you about around that EVs grow faster, our content is bigger on it. And you're going to continue to see that because, let's face it, EV adoption is up to about 12 million units this year from $9 million last year, and that's why we get so excited. 
 The other thing I do want to highlight is our products are really differentiated. And we were in a business review and right now, we're up to about 1,000 patents that we generated around the EV technology globally. And we don't typically talk patents a lot, but when you think about the innovation we bring, I talked about the number of programs and dollar-value programs in the prepared comments, this is happening, whether it's a charger inlet, a connectivity that happens close to the motor, what's happening on the cells, the connectivity you need there as well as some of the power conversion that you need to incur between the battery and the motor. 
 And there are things that we benefit from all of that and then where we get sensor elements around current sensing also creates a kicker. So I really think you're going to continue to see as EVs continue to get adopted, that is the content and our teams are scaling. And that's something that we also have to do not only how do we innovate, how do we can get the manufacturing done. And I think you're going to continue to see that content per vehicle grow. And I also believe there's a good setup as production gets better, that auto production to get into a growth mode again at some point in time, which will be an additional kicker. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. 
Mark Delaney: Question which is on margins. You mentioned cost is going up. You spoke about being able to recover about 2/3 with pricing and the remainder with productivity. Could you give more details in terms of the timing to fully execute on those mitigation measures? And is there going to be some period of time where margins are going to be temporarily depressed? And if so, by how much as you work through some of those offsets to the cost pressure? 
Heath Mitts: Mark, this is Heath. I'll take the question on margins. Well, certainly, listen, we're holding our head in this environment. As you mentioned, this is a very heavy inflationary environment for us that impacts metals and resins and freight and utility energy prices. So we feel pretty good about our ability to hold our head in the mid-18s range of operating margins. I would tell you, as you mentioned, we recovered about 2/3 of that through price, and that will be the story as we work our way -- continue to work our way through the fiscal year as well. 
 And you have to remember, and I know, Mark, you know us well, in a normal environment, our business model contemplates more of a negative price environment based on volume commitments. And so it was not uncommon for us kind of before we get outside of this inflation environment to be down 1 point, 1.5 points of price a year. We've moved that up into positive territory. And as I mentioned on the call, it represented about 1/3 of our overall organic growth. So you can kind of frame up a little bit what that looks like from a price. And yet, that's still only covered about 2/3 of the inflationary pressures, which are significant. 
 So our business model contemplates certain things. And in this environment, we're happy we're able to pass on the amount of price that we can. Our footprint, we've done a lot of work on that over the last few years, as you know, and especially, you see that come through on the communications footprint where we have optimized that. And at these volume levels, we continue to print margins in the mid-20s in terms of operating margins. And we've been going through a similar type of activity, as you know, within transportation and industrial over the last few years. 
 In some cases, we're getting close to where we need to be and that regional footprint is important to be close to the supply chains of our customers, and I feel good about that impact that that's happening for us to be able to hold our head here. In terms of going forward, I'd say we're kind of in the same range. And I don't anticipate calling out a temporary depressed margin relative to the timing and as part of your question, we'll continue to pound through this and take advantage of the opportunities where we have and continue to optimize the cost structure. 
Operator: We'll go next to Wamsi Mohan at Bank of America. 
Wamsi Mohan: Terrence, can you share some more color on the China lockdowns. I know you quantified the impact at about $100 million. But how much of that is supply versus demand? What is happening with the demand trajectory in China? And how much impact do you expect through the rest of the year? And then on pricing, I know Heath said that there was about 1/3 of the growth that is benefiting from pricing. I was wondering if you could put a lens on what percent of your portfolio you've been able to change pricing on and as it pertains to auto, is there more to come? 
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Wamsi. Thanks for the question. So let me start with the China element first. And just to base everybody, China is an important market for us. It's about 20% of our sales. And we do not see what's going on in China as a demand issue. Our orders in China have been above $900 million for 5 to 6 quarters now, and even in the last quarter, our book-to-bill was 1.07. So from a demand perspective, we don't see there being a demand problem. 
 But when you think about the lockdowns, and like I said earlier, we've been dealing with lockdowns because not all our factories are in the Shanghai area. We have factories in the north, up in Qingdao. We have factories down in Southern China around Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Shantou. And really, what we're seeing here is you got to break it into pieces. Where the customer is located? We have customers that are in shutdown. Where are some of our suppliers? And then also how we move things around China because our China business is really to serve the China manufacturing market, it's not an export business to the world. 
 And really, what we're dealing with is we have factories that are running. They aren't running full till we have customers that are trying to get back up and running. And the number that we laid out here today is really what we know from a bottoms up. If the lockdown would end, I would hope we would be able to recover up. The amount that we're missing here in quarter 3 but it is more of a logistics and a supply getting to the customer than it is actually our ability or demand destruction in any way. So demand is strong, but certainly a very fluid situation, and a very important market for us. 
 On pricing, your second part of your question. When you look at pricing, we're getting pricing across all businesses and all segments. So when you talk about what element of the portfolio are we getting pricing on, it's all of that. It is different degrees. It depends upon the customer. Certainly, in areas like distribution, we'll be putting another price increase into effect here in July.  
 With the increased inflation, certainly in those with direct customers, we're having direct contractual discussions, they started last year and they're continuing. And I think it's proven, between the pricing and the productivity that we've been able to drive. It shows up in the margin. That shows the breadth of it. So certainly, we have to get it because of the breadth of the inflation that we've seen and we continue to experience. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to Amit Daryanani at Evercore. 
Amit Daryanani: I realize TE doesn't provide a formal full year guide, but Terrence, you spoke about the signal versus noise, and there really is a lot of noise out there. I'm hoping to just get your perspective on what are you seeing in the back half of the year, there are multiple crosscurrents in terms of how things will play out. I'd love to just get a sense on what are the puts and takes if you can tell from a revenue and cost perspective for the back half of the year that you're contemplating? 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. And then you're right. So I'll give you some tidbits here, Amit. But certainly, you're right. We're only guiding for the third quarter. It is due to the volatility. But I think you have to start with, demand is strong. And while we have a little bit of an impact here due to China, our second half revenue is going to be driven by what we can get out of our factories. 
 We still believe that -- and it's how do we get material, how do we get to produce? How do we get a ship because we do want to continue to make sure we help our customers with the supply situation. If you look at it by business, we're going to continue to probably say you're going to see industrial improve. I've talked about comm air and medical improving, certainly industrial staying strong in energy. 
 We will see our CS segment to moderate due to appliances and that's not new. That has nothing to do with the recent market. That's really what we've expected and we've talked to you about. And I think transportation is probably going to be moving sideways more due to auto production demand and content. We do -- we would have thought probably 90 days ago, auto production would improve in the second half. with some of the things that are going on, we sort of expect it will probably be running around 19 million units a quarter. 
 We do have, as Heath talked about, currency, I would ask you all to make sure you're picking up the currency impact. That's an incremental headwind, about $100 million in our second half. And some of the -- the wildcard would be around China. If the lockdowns are able to get done, it will be how do we recover, the customers recover, that if demand stays where it's at, could that be some recovery in the second half of this 300 basis points that we estimate today. 
 But overall, it remains constructive, and we're going to continue to do the productivity and pricing actions that Heath and I've talked about. So net-net, I think you could see us getting back more to the quarter 2 level plus as we get to later in the year. 
Operator: We'll go next to Samik Chatterjee at JPMorgan. 
Samik Chatterjee: I guess I just wanted to ask you on data and devices. We get often asked this by investors about how long can this sort of trend that you're seeing in data and devices continue? And maybe if you can flesh out, I know you spoke about sort of the higher-speed cloud applications, but if you can flesh out the content growth story there between more number of connectors going into some of these applications over time versus where are you seeing sort of more appetite to supply higher feature or higher content connectors over time? How much of the content growth is purely more volume versus higher feature or higher specification connectors? 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Samik, thanks for the question. And I think when you look at our D&D business, the important metric you should be looking at is really what's happening in cloud CapEx. Cloud CapEx is the important driver because as our cloud customers look at it, they're really trying to solve a couple of problems, certainly, not only the consumer need and enterprise need for cloud infrastructure, but also, they're trying to solve operating efficiency because one of the biggest drivers that they have is not only the need for speed and compute, but also how do they reduce their economic footprint. 
 And cloud CapEx continues to be strong. It actually increased a little bit and we continue to see that be strong. The other thing that's benefiting our content is not only just cloud CapEx and you see us growing ahead of cloud CapEx, we are also winning not only on the speed side, but how do we help our customers solve some of the energy efficiency operating cost issues they're trying to tackle because data centers use so much energy. 
 And I know Aaron has shared some things around our thermal bridge product, but also as they move to -- they're really trying to say, how do they increase computational power with some of their workload architectures, and that benefits us from a content perspective. And while we do have share gain happening that content element is just as important across all facets of the compute and the store and move elements of cloud. 
 So I think you're going to continue to see it based upon the cloud CapEx trends, and that's the key driver to look out and then we can draw it out performance versus that cloud CapEx due to really how our engineers are really tucked into our cloud customers. 
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Sheerin at Stifel. 
Matthew Sheerin: Terrence, I wanted to get your take on the inventory environment. Your inventory was up like your peers, but we're also seeing inventory climb within EMS, OEMs and even the auto guys. So what is your sense of customer inventories? And did you see any pull in your March quarter due to anticipation of lockdowns, et cetera? 
Terrence Curtin: I wouldn't say we saw a pull in that because in many cases, we aren't -- what we can produce people are taking. So it comes back to the -- what I've been saying throughout the call about, hey, what we can produce our customers want. The one area where we always have the most visibility is in our distribution partners. And one of the things that we've been seeing with them is they're still light on a day's perspective versus pre-COVID and what they would normally target. 
 So across our partner network, which is about 20% of our sales, they typically target about 180 days of inventory. They're still running in the 150, 160 overall. So that's something we look at because they can be a pretty concentrated proxy to say is inventory getting too flush out there. But I would tell you, we did see orders increase due to some of the certainty people were trying to get with some of the increased volatility. We did not see pull-ins and really how we produce will be the dictator of revenue. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to Joe Giordano at Cowen. 
Joseph Giordano: There was a comment that I believe GM made, and not to get like specific about one customer or anything, but just more of like an overarching theme. But on ICE vehicles, they're going to use 1/3 of -- 1/3 less of like unique parts. I have no idea if they're talking about like where in the car that's going. But I'm just curious if that's like a risk going forward to legacy platforms where like maybe products where you can have more pricing power and leverage because their custom engineered, become less and less prevalent? 
Terrence Curtin: Joe, could you repeat what GM said, I've missed you with what you said there on the 1/3 of what? 
Joseph Giordano: So they said that they're going to use 1/3 less unique parts in like ICE platforms going forward? 
Terrence Curtin: Okay. If you look at that, certainly, you see the innovation around ICE platforms. There has been less innovation put into it. You look at -- engine development has scaled back. So what you really are getting on the ICE vehicles, you really have the auto companies very much focusing their effort on obviously, EV first. You also get into data and autonomy type trends. And really on the ICE vehicle, it has become a little bit more of a maintain. 
 That being said, you do need to think about what TE does, and what we do, we also play into features, safety features, and that really drives, whether it's safety features, infotainment features, emission features, those types of things really are where we get scale and even getting more standardized, we have many parts that are standardized in a car that create tremendous scale for us. So going less unique in a ICE vehicle is not bad for us. It actually provides us the scale. And in some cases, we're seeing them look to us to be that partner to help get that standardization. 
 And I would go back to what I said on the call. Our content growth in an ICE vehicle is still strong, even though you have the innovation turning towards the next-generation electric vehicles. So we do not see cannibalization when we to move to EV. And we also continue to see that electronification trend. 
 Now we just ask you to think about your cores of what you feel from a feature, how features change. And each time you're doing that, you're typically getting into more data in the car, things that are going to want more processing to get to more fuel efficiency in an ICE vehicle, could be safety features and all of those create content for TE because you're into the electrical architecture of a vehicle, whether it's low voltage in an ICE engine or your high voltage in an electric vehicle. 
Operator: We'll go next to William Stein at Truist Securities. 
William Stein: I'd like to ask a question about capital allocation. Heath you reminded us, I think about 1/3 of cash flow would be targeted towards bolt-on acquisitions. I'm hoping you might just remind us about the end market focus that we should expect to see such transactions? And your propensity today, given somewhat lower valuations, the stock market is going back. I wonder if that's influencing in any way the likely pace or ability to execute a deal. 
Heath Mitts: Well, thanks, William. I'll take the question. Longer term, which is kind of how we think about the 2/3 back to shareholders via share repurchase and dividends and then 1/3 back via M&A, that is a long-term view over a cycle, right? So you're going to have periods of time, including the ones we're in right now, where we see dislocations in our stock price, where we see ourselves as a better opportunity to buy, and we are spending accordingly on that. And we haven't been seeing as many deals get done in the spaces that we're focusing in on. 
 But there's still a fair amount of fragmentation out there for bolt-on activities across, I'd say, about 2/3 of our end markets. And there is a focus on the spaces that you've seen us do deals and whether that's in industrial or certain things within medical and our high-speed data and some of the activities that we've undertaken more recently there. It is pretty broad, the net that we cast to look at transactions. 
 And I think given time, you can imagine we're looking at half a dozen or so, and most of which don't get to the finish line for a variety of reasons, but we're very active in that front. I would say the pullback in the stock price, we have not seen a meaningful impact of that and impacts on valuations here in the near term. What that does over the long term, we'll see. 
 Most of the things we do look at are not public companies. So there tends to still be a fairly decent appetite out there to deploy capital from us as well as others. So that has continued to inflate the multiple some. So we have to be selective. We've got to be smart with what we do with our owners' money and make sure we're getting good financial returns and things that make strategic sense for us, but we're active out there. 
Operator: We'll go next to Shreyas Patil at Wolfe Research. 
Shreyas Patil: I just had 2 clarifications. So it looks like auto outgrowth this year is going to be better than the 6 points, I mean, you're already doing about 10 in the first half. Is that mainly related to favorable pricing? And should we be thinking about the underlying content growth still in that 6 points level? 
 And then the second one was on the Q3 guidance, Slide 12. It looks like the contribution margin on the $209 million of year-over-year operational performance was pretty low. It's only about $0.02 of the EPS. So that's maybe like a 5% EBIT contribution margin. And I'm just curious how much of that is being driven by COVID lockdowns and the cost impact of those? 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Let me take the first half, and I'll ask Heath to touch upon your guidance question. On the first half, we are running well ahead. A lot of that relates to EV production is very strong this year. So you will have points where depending upon where EV production is versus ICE production can drive that outperformance. And like I said, we would anticipate, if you look at a content per vehicle, we'll continue to move up in the second half versus the first half. Heath, do you want to take the second part of this question? 
Heath Mitts: Yes, so look, the Q3 contribution margin, I would steer you to really look at how we've been trending sequentially in the mid-18s, 18-ish plus for operating margins. If you recall, a year ago, we were pretty upfront that we were -- our fiscal Q3 a year ago, which was over 19%, and why it was trending fairly hot. There were some timing issues between the second and third quarter of last year. If you go back and look at those margin swings. So you kind of have to look at those together to get a fair view versus this year's Q2 and Q3, which is a little bit more consistent. 
 But I would tell you that there's no doubt relative to the lockdowns, I mean there is some pressure that's put on obviously. We quantified the top line of about 300 basis points to the total company relative to those China lockdowns. And that does come in a region where we make very good margins. 
 And so it's something that does have a mix impact as we think about the roll up to a degree. So -- but we're hammering through it, and I don't feel like it's something that's permanent. So -- and I think as you get through and you look at our full year, the full year contribution margin, even including absorbing the earning acquisition still should be with a 3 handle in front of a 30, 30 and change, maybe a tad better than that as we work our way through the full year. 
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jim Suva, Citigroup. 
Jim Suva: Can you just help us bridge the orders and the pricing? And what I mean by that is, if everyone knows pricing is going up, is it not logical that everybody puts in a lot of orders to meet those increased pricing? Or do you put in some type of escalators or variables? And just if you can kind of talk about those dynamics and how they're kind of at play? 
Terrence Curtin: Well, Jim, it's a little bit -- I don't want to be elusive to your question, but it is a little bit different. With our distribution partners, we've also been repricing backlog. So even if they put orders in, we have been repricing backlog due to the broad escalations that we have. When you come into our large customers, that's part of a contract negotiation. We have not been doing surcharges and matters like that. It's been more around price increases. And that's -- like we've said here today, it's about cost recovery. So we're going to continue that, certainly, with the uptick that we've seen. We have more discussions we need to have on pricing, and there are going to be further pricing increases into the channel here come in July. 
Operator: We'll go now to Chris Glynn at Oppenheimer. 
Christopher Glynn: I wanted to ask about factory automation and industrial, sort of similar to the question about measuring the longevity of the potential data devices cycle. There are capital cycles, of course, but you're talking about robotics, electrification and safety and I think people contemplate maybe some longer-term labor constraints. So how would you view the sort of cyclical versus durable kind of secular components of what you're seeing in industrial growth these days? 
Terrence Curtin: A couple of things. Clearly, you got to start with where is the capital cycle at. And we will, similar to the D&D comments I made around cloud CapEx I do think there will be an element that we will follow this industrial CapEx with especially where we continue to position our industrial equipment business. And I think there's an element when I talk about that business, while I talk about some applications we focused on, it's also where we've done acquisitions to get deeper into. 
 It's -- we did the INTERCONTEC acquisition a number of years ago, we did ERNI, we did ENTRELEC and these were things that were really about how do we get deeper into the trend because when you deal with factory automation, as well as the labor element, what are you trying to do? You're trying to get data off a machine. You're trying to get the machine to have more intelligence that actually can do things that humans can do in machine learning as well as preventative things. 
 And that all starts with how are you getting data off the machine. And that's what we do, whether it's from a sensing or a connectivity perspective. So I do think the capital spending element is a positive construct. And I think that you're going to continue to see similar to what we've seen with our data and device business, as you're going to see content outperformance above that capital CapEx trend, and you've seen it already. 
 So certainly, it's a more fragmented world than what we have when we talk cloud but it is something we like where we position ourselves. And I think you're going to continue to see us deploy capital to the bolt-ons that Heath talked about in those spaces to really make sure we strengthen our position. 
Operator: We'll move next to Joseph Spak at RBC. 
Joseph Spak: Maybe just one quick clarification on your inventories, which have been higher as planned as you've indicated. But is that the new normal? Or do you think they go back down and so. And then just with some of the disruptions in the industry, you've seen some of the auto capacity shift to other parts of the world, specifically out of Ukraine and others. Does that create any strain for TE? 
Terrence Curtin: Well, Joe, first of all, thanks for the question. No, our inventory levels are a bit more inflated now than I would say that not a new norm, okay? So our days on hand are higher than we would normally run. So even at these volume levels we're carried a bit more than we would normally. This was intentional, and we've talked pretty openly about that as we work our way through the year. 
 In this volatile environment, where we've seen pretty aggressive swings, largely higher in terms of demand, the ability to be able to respond quickly to our customers and make sure that the customers' needs are met outweighed the pain of carrying more inventory. So we did do that now as certain parts of our business have -- we've been able to get a little bit better insight into a few things and order patterns and so forth. We will begin to start working down modestly from this level through the rest of the fiscal year. And you'll see that corresponding impact on our cash flows, but this is not the new norm. And we'll continue to talk about where we should settle in particularly from a days on hand perspective from that side of it. 
 In terms of the shift of production, I assume you're talking about we don't do any production in the Ukraine, but certainly some of our customers do, particularly on the automotive side. And as some of those customers have had to shift some of their capacity to other places, and we're really talking about the harness makers within automotive that has shifted around. 
 It hasn't really impacted our inventory so much because it's already been sold to them. But as they shifted around, it's generally being shifted around within regions. So in that -- in this case within EMEA to other parts of either Eastern Europe or Morocco or otherwise. So we're able to respond to those new locations. And doesn't -- that doesn't specifically have a major working capital headwind towards us. So I hope I answered that question. 
Operator: We'll go next to Luke Junk from Baird. 
Luke Junk: I wanted to ask a bigger picture question as we get deep in the call here. Specifically, hoping to get a feel, Terrence, for the ascent of your data and devices franchise over the past couple of years, it was roughly a $1 billion business in fiscal '19 pre-COVID that's now pushing $1.5 billion on TM basis. Obviously, underlying market is growing here, but what really the heart of my question is, to what extent has the overall positioning of the company changed competitively over that time frame, especially as it relates to the impact on future growth and profitability? 
Terrence Curtin: On it, it is something that I would tell you, it goes back to some of the hard work we had to do in the D&D business that we've talked about and it was around -- we wanted to be focused on ultimate high speed. Certainly, we bring the innovation to it. We have pretty even share across all the cloud providers. And on top of it, one thing that the cloud providers look for is also not only around technology is speed to ramp. And I think our teams have done an exceptional job on how they keep up with the pace that a cloud customer wants. 
 And that's also created share opportunities on top of the innovation. So let's face it, part time, we had calls about D&D where we would talk about the problems we had in D&D. And I really think the D&D story is one where we got focused. We repositioned the cost structure. We refocused the team and the team has really executed very strongly on what has been a really good growth trend. We've gained share, and we're also being a partner that you continue to see our confidence on these calls about the content is growing. 
 And I think there's still a lot of opportunity, especially while you get very customizable solutions that the cloud providers are getting around how do they get their operating costs down. It's not just a CapEx decision. It is an operating cost decision. And the innovation that we get to work with the cloud providers was to make that happen is just as unique as when we deal with the EV and the auto OEMs. So it's a position we really what we built there. We continue to be focused on it. and it's going to continue to drive growth and cloud growth is projected to continue. So I appreciate the discussion. 
Operator: We'll go to Nick Todorov at Longbow Research. 
Nikolay Todorov: Another question on cloud and data center. Terrence, I think this is the first time you kind of highlight the AI architecture impact on teas? And can you please talk about the content uplift there in AI architecture versus more traditional server architecture that TE benefits from? 
Terrence Curtin: Well, what you have is you obviously have much more complicated compute as you get through there. So you get speed. You also get increased thermal dimensions, and that comes into things that our team that really works well with and they have to help our customers solve all that. And some of the orders we saw in the first quarter were some new AI platforms that came in and are going to continue to benefit growth. 
 On each application, the content does vary. It's not cookie cutter because the solutions that our cloud providers have, are very customized around their chipsets. So it is something we'll try to get you a little bit more as we do some of our Investor Day to give you a little bit more framing, but it is very different by the cloud architecture that we go after. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Nick. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. If you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you, and have a nice morning. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today, April 27, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude the conference for today.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning. And thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's first quarter 2022 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin, and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question. We are willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Thank you, Sujal, And also, thank you everyone for joining us today to cover our results for our first quarter, along with our outlook for the second quarter of our fiscal 2022.  As I normally do, and before Heath and I take us through the slides, I want to provide some key takeaways that frame our performance relative to the broader environments that we continue to operate in. As  Our results represent a strong start to our fiscal year in a world that continues to have challenges. Our first quarter builds upon the strong momentum that we demonstrated throughout our fiscal 2021, and things are playing out as we expected, including the outlook for our markets.  We also continue to be excited about the growth opportunities where we have positioned TE around, as well as the strong operational performance of our teams to expand margins and drive earnings and cash flow growth as we go forward.  In our first quarter, we delivered strong results in each segment. On a year-over-year , in quarter one, we delivered sales growth of 8% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 20% along with operating margins of 18.6%, which are up 90 basis points over last year. On an EPS perspective, our adjusted earnings per share of $1.76 was a record for our first quarter.  The demand environment also continues to be strong as evidenced by the orders that we'll talk about. And our orders remained above $4 billion in the quarter. And what you'll see is this reflects strength across many of our end markets and provides a positive indicator of ongoing future growth.  What we like about our performance in the first quarter is that it continues to demonstrate the strength and diversity of our portfolio. Our Industrial and Communication segments grew over 20% and 40% respectively, more than offsetting expected impact from the mid-teen auto production declines that impacted our Transportation segment. Transportation  Also, you continue to see in our results the benefits of where we strategically positioned our engineering investments around certain secular trends. This is generating market outperformance in each of our segments as a result of this positioning. The content story growth is real, and we continue to benefit from our leading position in electric vehicles, factory automation, as well as cloud applications.  20% of our auto sales are now driven by hybrid and electric vehicles, and we continue to see ongoing content growth in auto around electronification across both electric and combustion engine platforms.  We're also generating content outperformance from automation and an Internet of Things in manufacturing and higher speeds and greater efficiency in the data center. And also, throughout today's presentation, I think it's going to show our teams continued to execute well in a challenging supply chain environment, and it's clearly reflected on our first quarter results as well as our second quarter guidance.  We are also pleased that we continue to generate performance that is in line with our long-term business model goals. And our first quarter results, when you look with our second quarter guidance, imply a first half growth of 5% growth in sales and 13% growth in adjusted EPS versus the first half of last year, along with continued margin expansion.  This strong performance is within a backdrop of global GDP growth environment and higher-end demand across most end markets where we've strategically positioned TE. We are seeing broad strength in capital expenditures that relate to factory automation, expansion in manufacturing capacity, cloud and data center investment, as well as investment in renewable energy sources.  If you look on the consumer side of the economy, demand for autos remains healthy, with auto production improving sequentially in our first quarter and we continue to see content growth to drive market outperformance in both our commercial transportation and auto businesses.  We continue to see expansion in our content per vehicle, driven by our leading position on electric vehicles, as well as ongoing expansion of electronification in both internal combustion and EV platforms. And we clearly expect that this trend is going to continue as we move forward.  Certainly, while this demand environment is positive, we are still in a world that deals with COVID as well as supply chain challenges. The supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures that we've been discussing since the onset of COVID are slightly worse than 90 days ago, but I do want to highlight how I am pleased with how we are managing through this and making continued progress towards our business model goals despite these ongoing factors.  With the healthy demand and the current state of the global supply chains, our ability to produce will be a key factor of our near-term revenue performance. We continue to benefit from our global manufacturing strategy to produce in region and our teams continue to drive price actions and productivity initiatives across all three of our segments.  So, with that as a backdrop, let me now turn to the slides and discuss some additional highlights, and I'll start on slide 3. Our quarter one sales at $3.8 billion were up 8% on both a reported and organic basis and adjusted earnings per share was $1.76, which is up 20% year-over-year and a record for first quarter, as I mentioned earlier.  Adjusted operating margins were 18.6%, up 90 basis points year-over-year, driven by the growth in strong operational performance in our Industrial and Communication segments.  We do continue to see a strong demand environment, which is reflected in orders of $4.3 billion. And I'll get into more details on the orders on the next slide.  Looking at free cash flow. We generated approximately $370 million of free cash flow in the quarter, and we returned approximately $410 million to shareholders through buybacks and dividends during the quarter.  And moving away from financials for a minute, I do want to highlight that we continue to be recognized for our ESG initiatives. And we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the 10th consecutive year, along with our recent ranking in the top 20 of Investor Business Daily's 100 Best ESG companies. I think importantly, we remain committed to our goal of decreasing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by over 40% on an absolute basis by 2030, which is above and beyond the 27% reduction that we've already made over the past decade.  And while I've talked about our team's performance about their execution  let's face it  to make these sustainability investments, it's also how our employees engage in that as well. And I'm very pleased with the progress of how our employees are engaging as we drive sustainability initiatives across TE.  So, let me turn to guidance for the second quarter. And we expect that the strong performance of our portfolio to continue in our second quarter with approximately $3.8 billion in sales, and this will be up 2% on a reported basis and 3% organically versus the prior year despite the year-over-year decline in auto production.  We expect double-digit growth in both Industrial and Communication segments to drive our second quarter growth, once again reinforcing the diversity of our portfolio.  We do expect adjusted EPS to be approximately $1.70 in the second quarter, and this will be up 8% year-over-year.  So, now let me get into the order trends and markets. And if you could, please turn to slide 4 where you see order progression by our segments. For the first quarter, our orders were $4.3 billion and our book-to-bill was 1.13. And we saw a year-over-year and sequential growth in our Industrial and Communication segments.  In our largest segment, Transportation, order levels came in as we expected and our book-to-bill was 1.0, which aligns closely to auto production trends.  Global auto production came in slightly better than we expected in the first quarter at approximately 19 million units. And we expect that auto production will remain at a similar level in the second quarter, reflecting roughly 5% reduction year-over-year in auto production. We continue to anticipate that auto production will improve in the second half compared to the first half, and we'll return to year-over-year growth as we move through 2022.  In addition to production, the trends around content remains strong. And we continue to expect outperformance to be at the high end of our 4% to 6% range in 2022 as we continue to benefit from increased electrification and higher production of electric vehicles, which we expect will be up over 30% globally this year.  When you think about transportation, there's certainly ongoing challenges with semiconductors and the broader supply chain that continue to be a governor for our auto customers' ability to produce.  When you look beyond the near term noise in the auto supply chain, we continue to see a favorable setup for longer-term auto production growth, with healthy consumer demand and dealer inventories that remain extremely low.  So, let me turn to the Industrial segment orders. And what's nice is, for the first time since the onset of COVID, sequential order strengthened across all businesses in the segment. We see an improving backdrop with increased capital expenditures for factory automation, manufacturing capacity related to electric vehicle infrastructure and semiconductors, as well as investments in renewable energy. And this increased capital investment benefits our industrial equipment and energy businesses in the segment.  On top of that strength, we've seen improved order trends in our com air and medical businesses. And we expect to begin to see favorable year-over-year revenue comparisons in those businesses later this fiscal year.  If you look at our Communications segment, our order growth in the first quarter was driven entirely by our data and devices business and reflects an increased outlook for cloud capital expenditures, as well as our ongoing share momentum.  We also see, with our D&D customers, they're placing orders out for delivery beyond the current quarter due to the broader supply chain uncertainty. While we continue to see favorable end market trends in D&D, we are seeing a moderation of the appliance market as we expect it, particularly in China. And we would expect softening in the appliance market from the first half to second half of our fiscal year.  With that overview of orders and markets by the segments, let me add some color what we're seeing organically from a geographic perspective. And I'll start on a sequential basis.  In Asia Pacific, and I'll exclude China here, those orders were up 18%, while in China orders were up 4% sequentially. And outside of Asia, our orders were essentially flat sequentially.  On a year-over-year basis, organically again, Asia Pacific excluding China orders were up 18%, North America and China orders were up 17% and 2% respectively, and we saw a slight decline in Europe of approximately 4%.  So, with that backdrop around orders and markets, let me get into briefly just cover year-over-year segment results, and that's laid out on slides five through seven. And as I added a lot of color, I'll just hit the high points here. In Transportation, our sales were down 2% organically year-over-year, with declines in auto, partially offset by growth in commercial transportation and sensors. Our auto business declined 6% organically versus auto production declines that were in the mid-teens. Once again, you see the separation of our sales performance versus the market due to the content growth.  TE's technology and products are enabling high voltage architectures and applications with every leading customer, and 20% of our sales are now driven by hybrid and electric vehicle platforms.  In commercial transportation, we saw 11% organic growth with outperformance versus the market due to content growth drivers that are very similar to our auto business. And in sensors, we saw 5% organic growth, driven by industrial applications, as well as new ramps and transportation applications.  For a margin perspective in the segment, adjusted operating margins came in as we expected at 18.2%.  Now, moving to Industrial segment results. Our sales increased 18% organically year-over-year. In the industrial equipment area, we were up 40% organically, with strong growth in all regions, and we're benefiting from the increased capital investment and spending across the globe. In our energy business, we saw 17% organic growth that's driven by our increased penetration of renewable applications that we've talked about with you. And in our medical business, it grew 8% organically as we're starting to benefit from the recovery in interventional procedures.  And in our aerospace and defense business, our sales declined 3%, which is organically driven by the market dynamics in that space, but certainly orders show a more positive outlook as we move forward.  From a margin perspective in the Industrial segment, our adjusted operating margins expanded year-over-year by 130 basis points to 14.8%, driven by higher volume, as well as the strong operational performance by our teams.  So, let me turn to the Communication segment, and I just want to start at  you look at the performance of both businesses as well as the margin performance, it just shows that our teams continue to execute while capitalizing on growth trends in the markets we serve.  Sales grew 40% organically year-over-year for the segment, with strong growth in each of our businesses, as you can see on the slide. In data and devices, we saw strong growth across all regions, driven by content growth and share gains in high speed cloud applications as our customer moved towards 400 gig and next generation chip platforms, as well as growth in server and artificial intelligence applications. In appliances, we saw growth in all regions with continued share gains, as we continue to differentiate with our customers around our global manufacturing network.  And from a margin perspective, the performance was outstanding, with another record in adjusted operating margins of 27%, which was up 950 basis points year-over-year, which was strong performance in the prior year as well.  If you just take a step back and you looked across the segments, our teams continue to capitalize on the growth trends in their end markets, demonstrating the diversity of our portfolio and delivering operational execution with both pricing actions within the challenging supply chain environment.  So, with that as an overview, let me give it to Heath and he'll get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward. 
Heath Mitts : Thank you, Terrence. And good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q1 financials.  Adjusted operating income was $712 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 18.6%. GAAP operating income was $672 million, and included $24 million of restructuring and other charges and $16 million of acquisition-related charges.  We continue to expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million for the full year as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization.  Adjusted EPS was $1.76 and GAAP EPS was $1.72 for the quarter, and included a tax planning related benefit of $0.05. Additionally, we had restructuring, acquisition and other charges of $0.09.  The adjusted effective tax rate in Q1 was approximately 18%. And for the second quarter, we expect our tax rate to be very similar to Q1. We expect the adjusted effective tax rate for the full year to be around 19%. Importantly, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year.  Turning to slide 9. Our results you see on the slide reflect the strong execution of our teams and the diversity of our portfolio. As Terrence mentioned, each segment contributed to the strong start to our fiscal year.  Sales of $3.8 billion were up 8% on both a reported and organic basis year-over-year, and currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $45 million versus the prior year and were worse than expected.  We expect currency exchange rates to be a sequential headwind from Q1 to Q2 and the year-over-year headwind of approximately $110 million in the second quarter. And if the dollar remains at current levels relative to other currencies, FX could be a headwind of approximately $300 million to 400 million for our full fiscal year. Adjusted EPS of $1.76 was up 20% year-over-year, and represents a record for the first quarter, as mentioned earlier. Adjusted operating margins were 18.6% and expanded 90 basis points versus the prior year. And the incremental flowthrough on the adjusted margins and revenue growth were approximately 30% in Q1 on a year-over-year basis.  I'm pleased with our performance, given the inflationary pressures we are seeing and the challenges in the broader supply chain. And as Terence mentioned, we are pulling pricing levers across the businesses to help offset those inflationary pressures. Turning to cash flow. In the quarter, cash from operating activities was $532 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was $373 million. The year-over-year trend in free cash flow reflects the strategic inventory builds to meet anticipated customer demand as we mentioned last quarter.  In Q1, we returned approximately $410 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. As noted in our recent proxy filing, we proposed a 12% increase to our dividend that we expect to be approved by shareholders in March.  We remain committed to our disciplined use of capital, and over time, we still expect two-thirds of our free cash flow to be returned to shareholders and one-third to be used for bolt-on acquisitions.  So, before we go to questions, I want to reiterate that we are executing well, despite the challenges we discussed in the broader supply chain. Our results for the quarter demonstrate the strength and diversity of our portfolio with strong operational performance from each of our three segments.  The demand environment continues to be strong as evidenced by our orders, which reflect strength across many of our markets and provides a positive indicator of future growth.  You're continuing to see market outperformance in each of our three segments as a result of our strategic positioning around secular trends, and we e continue to benefit from our leading position in electric vehicles, factory automation and cloud applications.  We continue to generate performance that is in line with our business model goals, and we are excited about the growth and margin expansion opportunities as we go forward.  So now, let's open it up for questions. 
Sujal Shah : Rob, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of David Kelly from Jefferies.
David Kelly: Maybe starting with the orders, and appreciate all the color there. Industrials, Communications clearly accelerated and Transportation softened. And can you just talk about how you're thinking about the order implications for revenues go forward, and maybe how we should think about some of the supply chain dynamics, impacts on those orders as well. 
Terrence Curtin: I think first off, you're exactly right. Orders accelerated. And I said in my comments, we expected orders in automotive to step down. And even last quarter when we talked to you, we had extreme content outperformance in the fourth quarter that we knew that the supply chain was going to be a little bit ahead and some inventory was out there. So, the orders coming as we expected, we really like in Transportation. And to your point, where we saw the reacceleration was very much the broad acceleration in Industrial and the D&D acceleration that I mentioned. So, when you take that, we see the reacceleration and time to trends like we all see around capital spending in industrial as well as com air and medical accelerating for the first time really during COVID, it sort of gets into the broad industrial cycle spending that we see.  And in Communications, I think what it portends to, we sort of have a tale of two cities there. We have D&D that stays very strong. Cloud CapEx actually has moved up a little bit, but I would also say our teams are winning bigger share programs around some of the applications I talked about. I think you can expect that D&D is going to be strong. And we do expect our clients businesses to step down in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year that I think we telegraphed just as that gets to a more normal cycle.  So, feel like the order reduction in automotive is very natural. The book-to-bill being closer to 1 is more natural. And I would also say, as we look at some of the more predictability of what we're seeing out of our customers, it does set up to  it feels like  around this 19 million units can be a baseline to grow off of. So, it was nice to see automotive production go from 16 million units in our fourth quarter up to 19 million units in our first quarter, and it feels like as the supply chain gets a little better, it has potential to move up as we move through the year and return to production growth.  So, net-net, I actually think it plays out very well for how we think about how the year can continue to improve and the demand environment stays strong very broadly. And also, it's very global, as I said in my comments by region. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: The question really is on the EPS performance. And there's a fair bit of moving parts here, but I was wondering maybe if you could perhaps put some context around the EPS performance we're seeing. Specifically, if you could talk about what really drove the beat in December quarter, so your perspective would be helpful. And then as I think about March quarter, you're talking about EPS being flat, so maybe just talk about what are the puts and takes there as well.
Heath Mitts: This is Heath. I'll take that. We were pleased with our results. And if you recall what our guide was for the quarter, going into the December quarter, we end up beating on the top line by a bit more than $100 million. And that was largely driven by the higher auto production numbers that Terrence just referred to relative to our guide. So we were pleased with that. And we're pleased to see the follow through on the incremental revenue.  In terms of the Q2, listen, largely, the top line is going to be flat sequentially, as we anticipated. We expect auto production to stay roughly flat at roughly the 19 million units. There is some things in terms of the strengthening dollar that work against us in terms of the sequential headwind with foreign exchange.  And then, if you look at the segments, we think Industrial will improve modestly, but we do see Communications coming down a tad sequentially, mainly due to appliances, as Terrence referenced in his prepared remarks. So, from an EPS perspective, we don't expect our communications business to stay at 27%. We've talked in the past that that's a bit overheated, particularly given the amount of appliance that's in there. But as we move forward, we expect that to normalize some. And then, there's some non-operational impacts, foreign exchange and tax rate are headwinds sequentially.  So, I think when we look at, it looks like a very similar quarter, minus those operational things with some puts and takes on the top line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano from Cowen.
Joseph Giordano: Terrence, you mentioned that the supply chain internally for you guys was worse than it was 90 days ago. Can you maybe try to scale what [Technical Difficulty] revenue was in terms of getting stuff out the door and how that compares to the last couple quarters and what's embedded in the guide for 2Q?
Heath Mitts: This is Heath. Listen, we talked last quarter that that number was around $50 million of sales we would like to have shipped if we had the material. That did worsen in the quarter. And it's just north of $100 million that, again, we would have liked to have shipped had we had the raw material availability to do it. So, it did get mostly worse in the quarter and certainly something as we reflect and look forward into our second quarter we anticipate this similar kind of level. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder from UBS.
Chris Snyder: My question is on pricing in the quarter and forward expectations for price cost, and then particularly for the transport segment where I know auto pricing can come through maybe a bit slower than the other segments. And then, also, are there any other puts and takes on Transport margins through the rest of the year we should be thinking about as ice volumes rebound and maybe any restructuring benefits. 
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, pricing in TE was positive across the company in the first quarter. And we do expect it will be positive this year for the year and certainly, as your point, in places like Transportation, that is very much contractual negotiations. And those discussions do lag a little bit. So, that will benefit our margin as we get through later in the year as well as the volume to help offset some of the headwinds that we've talked about being a little bit worse.  I think the one key I just want to remind everybody when we talk about prices, our normal business model, because we do play in the technology space, when we win programs, is how when we ramp them, we're going to get productivity back to our customers and that really varies by our segments. But we typically run in the 1% to 2% price erosion model. And right now, we're running in the low-single digit plus price. And I think that demonstrates  you see it in the margin. It also demonstrates how our teams are executing, and it's across all our segments. So, in some markets, we can get more than others. But I do expect we're going to be positive for the year. And we continue, as we see these inflationary effects, continue to implement more price actions. And I would say price isn't completely offsetting all of the inflation and supply chain challenges, but it's also the other elements of our business model are also driving the result. So, I do think it's a combination.  And to the second part of your question on automotive, I think the one thing that we're going to continue to see is, as volume moves up, you're going to continue to see that benefit. Certainly, we continue to have some of the restructuring elements that Heath talked about. And then, you're also going to have some of those price elements coming in, with the headwind really being the inflationary things that I think everybody's dealing with. And I don't think we're any different. So, hopefully, that frames those couple questions for you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Terrence, as you look at the order trajectory in autos normalizing with book-to-bill closer to 1, how are you thinking of that progression in June and September quarters? And more broadly, can you maybe just give some qualitative color on the rest of fiscal 2022 and highlight any important headwinds and tailwinds that we should be thinking about? 
Terrence Curtin: I have to start with, we aren't given guidance for the year. Certainly, the environment that we've been in. But I think some of the color I gave on the slides and the orders is we do expect, with the order trends we've seen, we've seen some markets accelerate that haven't accelerated in a long time, like com air and medical. We also see auto turning the corner in production. And certainly, we have to see that come to fruition later in the year, but it feels better than where we were six months ago. And we continue to see places like D&D and industrial equipment, the orders remain strong. And in some cases, the confidence of people placing orders out, I also give a positive indicator that they're planning out more, knowing that we all think that supply chain challenges around semis and other components are going to be with us.  I do think you can expect, as we move through the year, that it wouldn't be reasonable to expect a step up due to Transportation, due to Industrial in the second half of the year, with Communications coming down a little bit due to the appliance comments that Heath and I made.  I think when you think about beyond the businesses, I think the one headwind that Heath talked about was the dollar strengthening is a headwind for us year-over-year. It actually accelerated. So, sequentially, we're feeling it. But on a year-over-year basis, to our growth, that's going to be about $300 million to $400 million headwind on currency exchange on a full year basis that I do think, as your model, you want to keep in front of yourself. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from Truist Securities.
William Stein: I'm hoping you can help us better understand the dynamics, maybe one level deeper in the automotive end market. I think a legitimate fear that investors might have is that, in the last year, as there have been shortages, we've seen the OEMs sort of shift their mix to the most  let's say the highest profit margin models, which are the higher end models and the higher end trims within the models. I'm wondering if you have visibility into what that trend might be this year as supply availability comes on? Is it going to be enough to cause mix to shift back towards more economical models? And then, similarly, the mix between EVs and internal combustion engines, do you expect that to continue sort of this similar mix favoring EVs during this year as well, similar to what we saw last year? 
Terrence Curtin: Let's talk about content overall, I think, and then I'll try to click into some of your sub questions. I think the first thing we have to keep in perspective is where is auto production versus where's our revenue back to pre-COVID. Auto production still off 10% globally, and our revenue is up well above 10%. So when it comes to content, we feel very good about our content, and I think you've seen that content outperformance. Now, over this period, you mentioned some, but there's also been the supply chain dynamic. And every quarter, I know everybody wants us to be right on top of our range, and sometimes we're above and beyond. But we feel good about the 6 points of over performance here, including supply chain normalization that we were very transparent with you last year. We probably got some extra revenue last year as supply chains were trying to get back to normalization, people secure inventory. And I think even you look at our first quarter, where production went from 16 million to 19 million units, our revenue was flat. And it really was some of that supply chain excess got sucked up. And we think you're going to see that as we get back to normalization. So, that'd be a little bit of a headwind. But when you think about what OEMs are building, they are prioritizing. First, I would say it's not mix and trim, it's electric vehicles. There's demand for the electric vehicles. They're trying to keep up on that growth. And in certain parts of the world, there's regulatory conditions that they get penalized if they don't get these electric vehicles out. So, I think one of the things, first off, is I've talked about the growth of electric vehicles. It's clear our content is growth, it's 2x an electric vehicle. That has not changed. And we're benefiting from that. And as electric vehicles continue to accelerate, we'll continue to get the benefit of that.  We have also seen, and as I talked about last quarter, we do benefit from features, as well as increased electronics on a combustion engine, too. So, our content continues to increase on combustion engines, not just electric vehicle. Now, let's face it, one of the bigger drivers is the electronics that help a combustion engine be more efficient. That isn't a trim package. That is, guess what, for those that continue to make combustion engines and people have demand form, how do you make those more fuel efficient drive electronics, and that's some of the electronification. We're also seeing increased communication and infotainment. That is things that benefit us around the data side. And certainly, if automotive can  OEMs can add features that customers pay for, we always get those trim plus or minus, but that's not new. They're doing what they can.  So, I would tell you, when we think about content, how we step up, I think it's clear where our content position is. I also just want to say our globalness is unique. And I know I say this every call. But when you look at it, we benefit from electric vehicle everywhere, not in one region, not in one customer. And I think that's a pretty special position that's differentiated. And we feel very good about the 6 points of outperformance we're going to get this year. But in a certain quarter, you can get elements of supply chain. So I would just ask everybody when you see overperformance or underperformance, please don't overreact to it because supply chain has been very dynamic as auto production is trying to get to a more normal level. And let's face it, hopefully get up as the supply chain crisis and get much higher than where we are here. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: I was hoping to also ask on the Transportation segment, and specifically around the bookings. You commented the lower production was a factor in that bookings reduction as well as a degree of inventory. Could you comment if you think you can hold this level of absolute bookings in Transportation and maybe even build off of it from here? Or is there the potential for bookings to need to step down sequentially, given some of that inventory that may still be out there? 
Terrence Curtin: It's a great question. I actually think you're going to see a booking level that's moving much more with production. So I think you're going to continue to see booking levels stay closer to probably around that 1 book-to-bill than where we were at certain points of the recovery. And I think that's a sign of stabilization. And I think you also see it in the levels of how OEMs need to bring production down. It has become a little bit more stable, even though the supply chain still is not flowing as freely as we would have liked. But I do think you're going to continue to see pretty solid order performance, and we've even seen it as we've started our second quarter, orders staying pretty strong and solid across all three regions of the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citi Group.
Jim Suva: Can we talk about average selling prices? I know in your prepared comments and the Q&A, you mentioned that you're up low-single digits compared to normally down a couple percent. Is that specifically towards Transportation or across your entire portfolio? So, I'm curious about, is there a difference in Transportation, say, versus Industrial and other end markets? And those ASPs, are they changed contracts that are now your long term and you have visibility with it? Or is it more just some added adders for supply chain efficiencies or higher copper costs? If you could talk some more about ASPs? 
Terrence Curtin: First off, when you think about the pricing, and you've captured it right, we are a low single digits on the pricing side. And in CS and IS, about half of that goes through distribution. So we've been raising prices since last January. And that'll continue certainly [indiscernible] smaller customers.  When you get into the larger customers, whether it's CS, IS or TS, they are more contractual agreements. So in places of like auto, they will be later. But I would tell you, pricing is across all three segments. It is connected to the headwinds and inflation we feel in the different products across the segments. And in different segments, in some cases, it's full recovery. In other cases, it's partial. And it is elements of do we have some adders, but also, in those that are contractual, it's probably more pure price. So, it reflects the diversity of the markets we serve. I'm pleased with the progress we have to date. And in some cases where they're contractual, they'll come in a little bit later in the year than where we have in places like the channel that are pretty much within three months and more transactional. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius Research. 
Scott Davis: Terrence, I don't want to beat a dead horse, and this has been asked in a couple of different ways, but the integrity of orders, most people focus kind of on auto, what about the non-auto end markets? Are there notable inventory builds that you see? If you had to put some customers on kind of allocation, thinking kind of medical where guys are scrambling around trying to get components and stuff in particular, but I'm sure there's other end markets too where there's perhaps customers that aren't used to not being able to get what they want when they want, if you know what I mean? So maybe a little bit of color around that would be helpful. 
Terrence Curtin: I'm going to focus around IS and CS, to your question. The one element that we've seen when you look at these orders is, I think, first off, being we don't see inventory building up. And let's take, in those two segments, a big part of our business goes through distribution. Our distributors are probably where they typically run 180 days at any time. They're only at 150 days. And certainly, they would like to get to 180 days, and we have not been able to get them up to 180 days. So their inventory levels are still below from a turn and a velocity, below pre-COVID. And certainly, they're trying to fill a role that they normally play.  When you look at the larger customers, what we see is a scheduling out. I think a recognition that the supply chain is going to remain tight. And for those places where we typically would have had businesses where more orders would come in the current quarter and go out, we see our customers scheduling out and out quarters. And we see that in data and devices. I think that's an element of  as well as industrial equipment, those that we've seen extreme strength. You see our customers planning way out beyond the current quarter, beyond two quarters. And I think, in some cases, they're looking at certain other components like semiconductors that, in some cases, you have lead times that are 50 weeks, that used to be 26 weeks, and they're making sure and doing better planning to plan out around the long tent and the pole. So, you see that in the orders and industrial equipment, you see that in data and devices.  And then, in those markets that are just recovering, like medical, like com air, I would tell you, they're just starting to move forward after there's been inventory work-off in both of those markets. Those markets got hit hard. Certainly, there was excess inventory in the supply chain. For those that follow com air, Boeing and Airbus builds have been known, but what we like to see is that our orders are finally showing some of the elements to make sure we can pick up. So, I still think there's a couple markets that I think we could see further acceleration of orders as we move through the year and they don't feel elevated at all yet, but they show initial signs of strengthening.  So, I hope, Scott, that gives you some color across the different industries we play, especially in IS and CS since I did talk a lot about TS already in the transportation space. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from J.P. Morgan. 
Manmohanpreet Singh: This is Manmohanpreet Singh on for Samik Chatterjee. I just wanted to ask, you said that orders were down in Europe. Can you please help us understand what exactly is driving this trend in Europe particularly? 
Terrence Curtin: In the Europe orders, that decline that we talked about was very concentrated around automotive. So, when you look at automotive, that drove the decline. In the industrial space, as well as in our communications markets, which are smaller there, we had very strong growth. But European automotive is an important position for us. It's certainly our leading business in Europe, and those orders were soft in the quarter, and that drove the decline. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak from RBC Capital.
Joseph Spak: I wanted to ask about your strategic inventory build. Is that something you'd expect to work off over these coming quarters? Or do you still need to do more there? Or just given the general sort of supply chain uncertainty, do you expect your inventory levels to remain at higher levels than prior, at least until we have a little bit of easing in those supply chains? 
Heath Mitts: This is Heath. Most of our strategic inventory build has come in the transportation space around automotive and commercial transportation, where, as you recall, we built up quite an order base last fiscal year. And even as things normalized back to our book-to-bill, there's still a very healthy backlog to work down. And so, some of that is how our customers are scheduling the activity, and our ability to get ahead of that, so that when they see  when we see their ramps that we're going to be and not going to have caused them any parts shortages.  In terms of timing, some of that is going to be tied to auto production recovery. I could see this starting to moderate in terms of the inventory levels as we work our way through and get into the second half of our fiscal year. And that's something that  stay tuned. But it really builds on the confidence of what we have, what our customers are telling us and how they're scheduling things out. And it depends on which part of the world that we're in. Given some of our production challenges in terms of raw material availability, it's just made sense to build up where we can and be ready for those customers.  The other thing to keep in mind is, we've been talking about ongoing restructuring, there are a couple plants that come offline later in our fiscal year. And there are buffer builds associated with those. And again, those are largely in our transportation business. So that's all kind of part of the timing of this activity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Luke Junk from Baird. 
Luke Junk: This could be a question maybe for Terrence or Heath. Wanted to ask about your gross margin performance in the first quarter. Of course, been a lot of discussion today about supply chain and inflation relative to sales and pricing for the company, but I was hoping you could put a finer point on the company's gross margin performance in the quarter. 
Heath Mitts: Listen, our gross margins for the quarter, on a GAAP basis, probably what you're seeing, shows a low 32s, but the reality of this, inside of that, there's some non-cash charges that were associated with the restructuring activity of a plant closure. So, that rolled through that line. So, we're actually running closer to our 33%. Just under that on an adjusted basis, which is consistent with what I think you would expect. and as we move a little bit higher, it's through the year, we would be a tad high word. We're absorbing the ERNI acquisition, though. And that that has a bit of a headwind on gross margins and the team is actively integrating that and working through getting those numbers up. So, there's a little bit of noise relative to what you're going to see on a GAAP versus how we view it. But that really is a one-time charge that was taken. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov from Longbow.
Nikolay Todorov: The question I wanted to double click and maybe clarify, the 6% content outgrowth you're expecting for fiscal year 2022 in auto, does that include the impact of FX because you clearly are seeing a bigger impact than you anticipated a quarter ago?
Heath Mitts: No, that would not include FX. So, that comment is organic. That would include anything we expect to happen in the supply chain this year. But that's really an organic comment. FX, we sort of give you that separately. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. 
Matt Sheerin: Terrence, I wanted to ask another question regarding the strength you're seeing in devices, and specifically the cloud computing. Could you just talk about the customer base there? I know there's a big concentration of big hyperscale players. But how diversified is that market? And as you're gaining share, is it new players or just winning with existing customers?
Terrence Curtin: When we talk about that customer base in the cloud, it is the hyperscalers of the planet. So when you look at it, that is still a concentrated customer base overall. But it's broad across all of them. And our market share is strong across all of them. So, it isn't like we're only tied to one of them, but it is very broad. And really, what's nice, and I said on the call is, as they're pushing the speeds up to 400 gig, clearly, as they're trying to keep up with the artificial intelligence, which creates more compute and storage clearly, there are things that they're looking to us to bring our technology to. And those wins are across the base of them. So, pleased with the performance there. And I think it really goes back to how we reposition our D&D business around the ultimate high speed versus what we were five, ten years ago. And it just shows the ongoing sheer momentum and the technology we bring to that space. And clearly, when you look at the margin, our team is performing very well in that segment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shreyas Patil from Wolfe Research.
Shreyas Patil: Maybe just following up on the earlier one regarding the data and devices. So, just how should we be thinking about the structural growth rate that we could be seeing in that segment? Obviously, this quarter you're up almost 50%. But we've been seeing very strong growth really every quarter for the last several quarters now. So, just trying to understand how we can think about that.  For Communications overall, I think you've talked about high-teens margins previously. And so, how should we think about that settling out against the 27% that you did this quarter?
Terrence Curtin: Let me take the first half and I'll ask Heath to take the second half. When I think about it, and as I said to Scott's question a little bit earlier, some of the orders we're seeing in D&D right now are also scheduled out to make sure our supply is in place for those customers. I think you're going to continue to see our D&D business run at the high revenue levels it's at throughout this year. And really, how cloud CapEx builds off of that will be very important as we look into 2023 and beyond. But I do think when you continue to see the needs, as well as the efficiency that needs to be driven out of these data centers, feel very good about the momentum there, as well as the pipeline wins that we have.  So, let me let Heath talk about the margin side. 
Heath Mitts: Listen, we're very happy with the margins that the CS segment has produced here going back not just in the quarter we just reported, but really going back over the past year, year-and-a-half. And the team has just done an exceptional job.  The reality of it is there is a little bit of a mix element to this as well, in that we do have higher margins, modestly higher margins in our appliance business relative to our data and device business. And Terence talked about the strength in data and devices, but we do see a little bit of correction that we've expected in appliances coming here in the second half of our fiscal year. And so, there is a bit of a mix impact in terms of how that comes down.  Now your question around what we've said from a business model perspective in terms of high teens, which if you go back many years ago was just an aspiration to get to the high teens for this segment, and now we're performing so much stronger. Listen, more to come. We get it. But I say still the high teens in a normalized environment still makes sense. And the team is just doing a terrific job and we'll see where we end up longer term. It's doing a terrific job and we'll see where we end up longer term. Okay, thank you for us. It looks like we have no further questions. So I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. If you do have any questions, please contact Investor Relations at T EA. Thank you and have a great morning. Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 11:30am. Eastern time today, January 26. On the investor relations portion of T conductivities websites that will conclude your conference for today.
Sujal Shah: It looks like we have no further questions. So, I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. If you do have any questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a great morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 11:30 AM Eastern Time today, January 26, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude your conference for today.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Fourth Quarter and Final Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning. And thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full-year 2021 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question. We are willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal, and I also appreciate everyone joining us [technical difficulty]
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this is the Operator. We are currently having technical difficulties. Your call will resume shortly. Until that time, you will be placed on mute. Thank you for your patience. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. We will now resume our call. Terrence, you may begin.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you. And I apologize for that technical difficulty. And I'll start at the beginning again of my comments, just to make sure, where we broke off. But I'm going to talk about our results for the fourth quarter as well as fiscal 2021, as well as the outlook for the fiscal 2022 first quarter. So, before Heath and I get into the slides, let me frame out the performance relative to the broader market environment that we're operating. I am pleased with our results in the fourth quarter, as well as the strong performance that we delivered for the full-year. We continue to experience global GDP growth, with strong end market demand across most end markets that we're strategically positioned TE to focus on. And this broad growth that we're seeing is both in the consumer and capital spending areas, and let me bring some color to that and how that relates to TE. On the consumer side, demand for autos and of sciences remains strong, and we continue to see increases in medical procedures that benefit medical device sales. On the capital spending side, we see increased investments that relate to cloud and datacenters, factory automation, semiconductor capacity, as well as the need for more renewable energy sources. And when you look at the results we're going to talk about today, you're going to see this broad strength reflected in our orders and our backlog that will benefit us as we go into 2022, as well as our results in 2021. While certainly this demand environment is a positive, the balance of this is that the reality is we're still in a world that's dealing with COVID, and global supply chains that have not been able to keep up with these strong demand trends. Within this backdrop, we are continuing to capitalize on growth opportunities across our served markets. In the fourth quarter, we delivered 16% organic growth despite auto production declines caused by our auto customer supply chain. This performance demonstrates the strength as well as the diversity of our portfolio. We have strategically positioned TE around certain secular trends, and you're seeing the market outperformance in each of our segments as a result of this positioning. In Transportation, our leadership position is enabling us to deliver content growth from both electrification of the car, as well as increased adoption of electric vehicles globally. In Industrial, we're benefiting from accelerated global capital spending around factories. And in Communications, we're driving content and share gain in cloud applications. In addition to the strong top line growth outperformance versus our markets this year, we have executed well to deliver market expansion in each of our three segments. The last proof point that I think is important is, and shows the strength of the portfolio, is how our full-year results compare to pre-pandemic levels of 2019. Both our sales and adjusted earnings per share in fiscal '21 were up double digits versus 2019, and we expanded adjusted operating margins by over 100 basis points by continuing the margin journey that we're on. More importantly, we also remain excited about the additional growth and margin opportunities that we still have ahead of us. Now with that as a backdrop, let me get into the slides, and I'll discuss the highlights that we have listed on slide three. Our teams had strong execution results in the fourth quarter despite reductions in auto production and ongoing challenges in the broader global supply chain. We generated sales of $3.8 billion, with 16% organic growth, and adjusted earnings per share ahead of guidance, at $1.69, which was up 46% year-over-year. Adjusted operating margins were 18.5% as a result of the increases across all three segments. And I'll share more details about segment results a little bit later. When you look at the full-year, year-over-year sales were up 23%, adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 400 basis points, and adjusted earnings per share was up over 50%, to $6.51. Also as important as earnings is where we generated in free cash flow. Our free cash flow was about $2 billion, with approximately 100% conversion to adjusted net income for the year, demonstrating our strong cash generation model. We also continue to remain balanced in our capital deployment, with about three-quarters of our free cash flow returned to owners this past year, and the remainder used for M&A, including the ERNI acquisition, in the Industrial segment, that we mentioned last quarter. When you look at our orders in the fourth quarter, they remain strong at $4.1 billion, with strength in each segment, and our book-to-bill was at 1.08. With these orders and where we position TE, we do expect the strong performance of our portfolio to continue into the first quarter, with approximately $3.7 billion in sales, which will be up mid-single digits organically year-over-year despite a roughly 20% expected decline in year-over-year auto production. We expect strong double-digit growth in both our Industrial and Communications segments, and I think this is another point that reinforces diversity of the markets that we serve. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be approximately $1.60 in the first quarter, and this will be up 9% year-over-year. Now, let me talk about the markets and frame it to where we were just 90 days ago, when we last spoke. In Transportation, consumer demand for autos remained robust, but clearly ongoing challenges with semiconductors and the broader supply chain continue to impact our auto OEM customers' ability to produce. Global auto production came in lower than we expected just 90 days ago, as our customers reduced production to enable the supply chain to catch up. Auto production was approximately two million units lower than we anticipated in the fourth quarter. And we're expecting auto production to be in the 18 million unit range in our first quarter. This first quarter production will be well below the, nearly, 23 million units made in the first quarter of 2021. The key for us is that the trends around content growth for TE remains strong, and we expect content growth to be at the high end of the four to six-point range in fiscal '22, as we continue to benefit from increased electronification and higher production of electric vehicles. Now versus 90 days ago in our Industrial segment, the key is that we continue to see an improving backdrop which is benefiting our industrial equipment and energy businesses. And our medical business is growing year-over-year as interventional procedures increase. The one area that we've not seen improve is the commercial aerospace business, it's sort of staying stable. And we've not seen an inflection point in that business yet to higher or lower growth. In Communications, versus 90 days ago, we continue to see favorable end market trends with global growth in cloud capital expenditures and strength in residential demand benefiting our appliances business. Now, while that's a view of what we've seen versus 90 days ago from a market perspective, I also believe in this environment it's important to tell you what we're seeing in our supply chain. While challenges remain in the broader supply chain, we have seen some improvement in our availability of certain raw materials in our own supply chain versus 90 days ago. 90 days ago, we thought we were impacted by about $100 million of revenue due to us not having availability of supply, this quarter-end where only that's down to about $50 million. And with this improvement, this will enable us increased production and inventory levels accordingly, to ensure we can meet demand as our customers resolve their supply issues. Now, before I move into orders, that'll start on slide four, I do want to take a moment to mention a few key highlights on the progress we made this on our ESG initiatives. Earlier this year, we issued our 11th Corporate Responsibility Report, which discusses our One Connected World strategy which really encapsulates our ESG strategy. And we hope that you've read this report which highlights the efforts that would drive and internally related to our impact on the planet, as well as the innovation our engineers bring to our customers to make sure we're enabling sustainable applications. Some of the key highlights I want to mention is that on the environmental side we set up a new goal to decrease Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by over 40% on an absolute basis by 2030. And this new goal is above and beyond the 35% reduction. We've already made an absolute greenhouse gas emission reduction over the past decade. We also continue to make progress in sourcing renewable electricity. And today I'm happy to say over 20% of TE's production currently uses carbon free electricity. And also this past year, we began to report Scope 3 emissions back in July. If you look at social initiatives, we set a goal to increase women in leadership position by over 26% by 2025. And I'm happy to say we continue to focus on employee safety and engagement throughout the pandemic. We've gotten good feedback from our employees how we've been there for them during this difficult time. So, clearly, I'm pleased with the continued progress that we're making towards, what our purposes as a company, which is to create a safer, sustainable, productive, and connected future. So, now let me please get into the orders on slide four, and we'll go through it by the segments on both of them and also on a geographic basis. For the fourth quarter, our orders were over $4 billion with year-over-year order growth in all regions. Our order trends and backlog remained strong in each segment and the order patterns we're seeing are as we expected. As we've been mentioning through the year and as you've seen in our book-to-bill ratios, order levels have been elevated with customers placing orders for delivery beyond the current quarter due to the broader supply chain situation. As a result, we're coming into fiscal 2022 with a strong backlog position that is higher than we typically see for our business. When we look at the order patterns at a segment level, industrial and communication orders are trending as expected with continued momentum in areas like factory automation and cloud applications. I also want to highlight and remind you that in the industrial and communications segment, we have a relatively large portion of our business that goes through our channel partners. And we're seeing our booking patterns begin to align more closely to our settlement, which is a good sign. The other key thing to highlight around our channel partners is that in 2021, we did not see inventory levels increase with them, even though they had a much higher level business levels that really they had a much higher turn in their inventory this year.  Looking at transportation, we are seeing order levels match the production dynamics that are aligned with our guidance. When you look beyond the near-term noise of auto supply chain pressure, it is important to remember that consumer demand for autos remained strong and dealer inventories remain extremely low. So, we believe this was a very favorable setup for medium and longer term auto production growth. Now let me add some color on what we're seeing organically from a geographic perspective on a year-over-year basis. We continue to see growth in Asia where China orders were up 17% and growth across all three segments. In Europe, orders were up 21% and North America orders were up 26%. On a sequential basis, we saw orders decline in each region that reflect the order patterns I just talked about in our segments. But the one key difference is we did see growth in our transportation segment orders in China sequentially where our auto orders were up 9%. So, with that, with an order backdrop, let's get into the segment year-over-year results and they will be on your slides five through seven. So, starting with transportation, segment sales were up 16% organically year-over-year with growth in each of our businesses. Our auto business grew 12% organically despite the declines on auto production that I mentioned. We continue to benefit from increased production of electric vehicles as our technology and products are enabling high voltage architectures and applications with every leading customer on the planet. Hybrid and electric vehicle production grew 50% year-over-year, increasing from roughly 6 million units produced in 2020 to roughly 9 million units produced globally in 2021. We also continue to benefit from content growth to non-electric vehicles driven by ongoing safety, certainly data connectivity, comfort and autonomy features. As a result of these content drivers, our content per vehicle has accelerated over the past couple of years from the -- in the low 60s per vehicle into the mid-70s this year. And we expect to continue to outperform auto production going forward as the content that we've setup and the wins we have continues to grow. Turning to our commercial transportation business, we saw 38% of organic growth with increases across all submarket verticals. We are continuing to benefit from stricter emission standards and the increased operator adoption of Euro 6, which reinforces our solid position in China. We're also pleased to announce that two leading heavy truck OEMs have awarded us the high voltage connectivity wins on their new electric vehicle platforms that they're rolling out. This will provide future content growth and reinforce our market leadership position in the commercial transportation market. In our sensors business in the segment, we saw 15% organic growth driven by transportation applications with the new program ramps that we've talked to you about in the past few years. And for this segment, adjusted operating margins expanded nearly 500 basis points to 18% driven by higher volume and strong operational performance by our team. Now, turning to the industrial segment, our sales increased 6% organically year-over-year. Industrial equipment was up 32% organically with double-digit growth in all regions driven by momentum and factory automation applications, where we continue to see the benefit from accelerating capital expenditures in areas like semiconductor manufacturing as well as in the automotive space. Our AD&M business declined 18% organically year-over-year, driven by the continued market weakness I talked about earlier. And in our energy business, we saw 8% organic growth driven by increases in renewables, especially global solar applications. And it was nice that our medical business grew 5% year-over-year and it's growing in line with the recovery that we're seeing in the interventional procedures. At a margin level, the segment expanded margin year-over-year by 200 basis points to 15.9% driven by strong operational performance. Now, let me turn to communications. And clearly, our teams continue to demonstrate strong operational execution while capitalizing on the growth trends in the markets that we serve in this segment. Sales grew 36% organically year-over-year for the segment and in both businesses. In data and devices, performance continues to be driven by the position we built in high speed solutions for cloud applications. We continue to see capital expenditures increasing by our cloud customers, and our content growth enable us to grow cloud related sales at double the market rate this year. In our appliance business, we saw double-digit growth in all regions driven by both consumer demand as well as continued share gains. It's clear that our communications team continues to deliver at an outstanding performance with record adjusted operating margins of 24.7% and this was up 300 basis points versus a strong quarter in the prior year. Overall, our segment teams are capitalizing on the growth trends in their end markets. That's demonstrating the diversity of our portfolio while delivering on strong operational execution in a challenging supply chain environment. You're seeing this reflected on our results both for our fourth quarter as well as our full year and we expect this to continue into 2022. So, with that as a segment and a market overview, let me turn it on to Heath, who'll get into more details on the financials as well as our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide eight, where I will provide more details on the Q4 financials. Sales of $3.8 billion were up 17% on a reported basis and 16% on an organic basis year-over-year. Currency exchange rates positively impacted sales by $51 million versus the prior year. Adjusted operating income was $706 million with an adjusted operating margin of 18.5% with strong year-over-year fall-throughs. GAAP operating income was $660 million and included $38 million of restructuring and other charges and $8 million of acquisition related charges. For the full year, restructuring charges were $208 million in line with expectations, and I expect restructuring charges to decline in fiscal '22 to approximately $150 million. Adjusted EPS was $1.69 and GAAP EPS was $2.40 for the quarter, and included a tax related benefit of $0.92, primarily related to decreases in our valuation allowances associated with tax planning. We also had a charge of $0.07 related to the annuitization of the reapportion of our U.S. pension liabilities. Additionally, we had restructuring, acquisition and other charges of $0.14. Free cash flow was approximately $535 million for the quarter. And during the quarter, we utilized approximately $300 million for acquisitions, including ERNI in our industrial segment, which Terrence mentioned earlier. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q4 was 20% and approximately 19% for the full year. For 2022, we expect an adjusted effective tax rate around 19%, but continue to expect our cash tax rate to be in the mid-teens. So, turning to slide nine, this slide puts some perspective on our performance this year and shows how we perform from fiscal '19 to '21. Over this time period, we had to overcome a challenge in operating environment and our performance is demonstrating the strength and diversity of our portfolio and the strong execution of our teams. We are back above to the 2019 pre-COVID levels on every financial metric, with sales up 11%, adjusted operating margins expanding over a 100 basis points, adjusted earnings per share increasing by 17%, and free cash flow up 29%. I am pleased with how our teams perform to deliver the strong results through this cycle. To provide some segment level examples, our transportation sales are up approximately 15% versus fiscal '19, despite auto production declining over 11% during that same timeframe. Similarly, in our communication segment, sales are up approximately 25% over this time period, significantly out of performing our end markets. This also demonstrates some of the content benefits we are seeing across the portfolio. Turning to year-over-year comparisons, fiscal '21 sales of $14.9 billion were up 23% on a reported basis and 18% organically year-over-year. Currency exchange rates positively impacted sales by $444 million versus the prior year. We would expect currency exchange rates to be a year-over-year headwind in our first quarter and could remain a headwind for fiscal '22, if the dollar remains at the current levels relative to other currencies. Adjusted operating margins of 18.1% and expanded by nearly 400 basis points year-over-year with expansion in every segment. Our adjusted earnings per share expanded 53% year-over-year to $6.51. I'm pleased with our performance given the inflationary pressures we are experiencing. We have -- as we have discussed in prior quarters, we have implemented price increases across to our business in fiscal '21, and we expect further increases in fiscal '22. Turning to cash flow, we generate approximately a 100% conversion to adjusted net income with record free cash of approximately $2.1 billion for the year. As we go forward, we are confident that end demand will be robust for our products and given our strong balance sheet, we are in a position to do strategic inventory builds to meet anticipated customer demand, given the broader supply chain uncertainty. In FY'21, we continue to maintain our balanced capital strategy, returning capital to shareholders and remaining active in M&A. During the year, we returned over $1.5 billion to shareholders and utilized over $400 million for acquisitions. Going forward, we remain committed to our balanced capital deployment strategy and expect to return two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders, while supporting our inorganic growth initiatives through bolt-on acquisitions. Before we go to questions, I want to reiterate that we are performing well in this environment, despite challenges in the broader supply chain. Our results for the quarter and for the year demonstrate the strength and diversity of our portfolio with contributions from each of our three segments. Our first quarter guidance represents the continuation of our strong performance, and we are excited about the growth and margin expansion opportunities as we move forward. Now, let's open it up for question. Emma, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. In the prepared remarks, you guys said that you expect auto outgrowth to come in at the high end of the 4% to 6% guided range for fiscal '22. So, just want to confirm that, a, I heard that right, and b, that includes any impacts from supply chain? And then what should we make of the company driving low double-digit outgrowth on a two-year stock? My math says you guys outperformed by mid-teens this year, just compared to the mid-single-digit guided range?
Terrence Curtin: Now, thanks, Chris. And you have a couple questions in the question, so thanks for it. And the first thing is you're right; just to confirm what you heard. When we're looking at the programs that we won and looking at into 2022, we do something at the high end of the content outperformance range we've given you, at that 6%. And we do think that will include any noise around supply chain is included in that count and outperformance, because like we always say, be careful looking at CPV on a quarter basis or content growth on the quarter, there's supply chain dynamics. And I think what's important to us is, two years ago, we were in the slow 60s of content per vehicle. We talked to you about the trends around electrification of the car, power train getting -- turning electric, as well as autonomy in the car. And what's nice is we sort of view this year, we're in the mid 70s of content, and we continue to feel very confident around getting up into that mid 80s range. And we are benefiting from the electrical vehicle ramp that's happening around the world, that's grown 50% this year, like I said. Right now, people are saying, even in what IHS views on our basis to be a flat production environment, electric vehicles are going to grow another 50% next year. And I feel we're going to capitalize on it with the program wins we have. And this year, about 20% of our automotive revenue is driven by electric vehicles, even though it's not 20% of the total cars made on the planet. So, just reinforces again the content that we've been driving, where we've positioned TE around. And certainly there's supply chain that will make production a little lumpy, but when we look at 2022 and beyond, we think there's a pretty good setup where demand is, where inventory levels are for production as well, that at some point will also be a catalyst on top of the content that we tee up on. So, hopefully, I touched upon all your questions there, Chris.
Chris Snyder: [Multiple speakers]
Sujal Shah: All right, thank you, Chris. Thank you. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning, and thanks very much for taking the question. A question on orders, the book-to-bill was positive but orders were down 9% sequentially. I was hoping you could speak to the linearity of the orders relative to typical trends. And then talk about how TE is interpreting what the order data is signaling? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, thanks for the question. Yes, I think we have to go back the past couple quarters, we told there was a lot of orders coming in as people were working with their supply chains. But what we started to see is that, in this quarter, the scheduling out continues, which is a good sign, I think people are accepting the lead times they have throughout the components in their supply chain. Last time I read, I think semiconductors were about half-a-year lead time. So, we see customers looking at scheduling out. So, while our backlog is stronger clearly in dollars, it's also scheduled out longer. And we're seeing customers adapting to that. The other thing is the end dynamics have been very strong. So, when you think about car demand you also see our auto customers also keeping them scheduled out, so, net-net, we actually think this trend is a positive sign. We always said we thought our orders would get closer to billings than our billings getting closer to the orders we've had for the past couple of quarters, and actually that they're starting to get scheduled out more is a good sign. I would say the only area that we see any end market softness right now is around auto production, but that's supply chain driven. And what we saw, how those orders moved out aligning to how our customers want to produce the order trend sort of mirrored exactly what's going on. So, I think it's getting a little bit more predictable even though it's scheduled out a lot longer.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Mark. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thanks a lot, and good morning, everyone.
Sujal Shah: Hey, Amit.
Amit Daryanani: Hi. First, I guess the question is for you, yes, as you reflect on your fiscal '21 results in aggregate, I was hoping you just talk about how do you think the supply chain pressures, component availability, inflation, all this stuff impacted fiscal '21 revenue and EPS, and then as I think about fiscal '22, do you think all of this becomes less of a headwind or stays about the same, and what would the ramification be in your P&L in [indiscernible] drivers?
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Amit. I'm going to let Heath take that because there's a lot of different parts to that.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Amit, thank you for the question. Certainly, as we progressed over the past 90 days since the last time we spoke, we have starting to see, from an availability standpoint things to improve, things have gotten a little bit better with some of our inputs, particularly with the resins side of things. Now, we are still seeing inflationary pressures, particularly on metals, resins, and probably most pronounced on freight costs. And we do expect those inflationary pressures to continue into '22. Now, on the flipside of that, as you're acutely aware, and normally we would see price pressures of somewhere 1% to 2% of erosion each year, in FY'21, that was largely neutral. We did not see those price pressures; we were more back at par. And we actually expect, in '22, as we move forward, to see some price increases as we battle through some of these inflationary pressures, so a lot of moving parts there. Again, I think from an availability standpoint things are improving. And we're working through, using price as one of the levers that we have to combat the inflationary pressures.
Sujal Shah: All right, thank you, Amit. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Good morning, guys.
Sujal Shah: Hey, Scott, good morning.
Scott Davis: Congrats on 2021, it was a great year for you guys, and good luck for '22.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Scott.
Scott Davis: And in that context, the incremental margins you put up, 42% I think it was in Q4, pretty big numbers. But if I kind of back into the guidance in 1Q it kind of implies a bit of a slowdown. So, is there any color around that at all or just being a little bit extra conservative? And can we expect the type of incrementals that you've been putting up to be in the ballpark of sustainable?
Heath Mitts: Scott, I appreciate the question. This is Heath. The -- you're right about the Q4 flow-through, and our flow-through for FY'21 in total was in that range of the 30% to 35% range, which is our expectation. As we move into '22, just to highlight, we -- ERNI, the acquisition, layers in '22, and did not have any impact on our '21 numbers, again, based on the timing of the closure of that transaction. In Q1 alone, if you were to adjust out for ERNI, which will come in at a couple $100 million of revenue, but, well, will not add much from an EPS perspective in our first year while we work through the integration and all the value levers that we're going to pull for ERNI, that alone bring our flow-through in the first quarter down to the level that you were referring to. If you were to back that out you'd be up in the 30% range again. But, again, we feel very good about value-creating opportunities that ERNI brings to us. And we'll pound through the year to offset that pressure that it puts on our flow-through and margins.
Scott Davis: Okay, thank you.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Scott. Thank you. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Hi, yes, thank you. Good morning. Terrence, I know you're not guiding fiscal '22 explicitly, but how are you thinking about the growth in the end markets? And I just want to ask a clarification around the ASB comment that was made earlier on the fall. So, some of this outperformance, the magnitude of this right mid-teens for the year or mid-20s for the quarter is well about that 4% to 6% range. Some of that is supply chain dynamics, some of it is ASB, some of it is mix. Anything you can do to help parse those different things would be super helpful. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, so let me get in the markets there, Wamsi. And when we sit there, I do want to go back to what I said in the script, that we do have a constructive demand environment across when you get out to the end applications that we're in. And the only place that we haven't seen a constructive market is certainly around the aerospace side, and that will come at some point, I'm not sure that'll be in 2022 for us, but that will come at some point. Just to break it down by the segments a little bit, in Transportation, and like you said, Wamsi, we didn't guide that. I'll give you how we sort of see the external data points around markets. In automotive, right now, people in IHS are saying it's going to be around 77 million cars made next year globally, that's pretty flat. That has supply chain constraints in it in the semi side continuing. Could there be upside to that, the supply chain [gets fork out] [Ph], potentially, but I would also say the content that we talked about at the -- being at the high end of the 4% to 6% inclusive of any supply chain noise, we feel pretty good about. In the commercial transportation space, this year was a great year by our team. We grew 2X to market. It demonstrates our leading position, also the content that we're getting around emissions that are all over heavy trucks, as well as the data connectivity on heavy trucks. Next year, we're going to have a slowdown in China in the market, I think that's very well known. But on a flattish environment to slightly down environment in commercial -- broader commercial vehicles, we think content will -- could create growth there. And I talked about the new EV wins that we have on the heavy truck, that won't benefit '22, it'll be further out. In the industrial space, the recovery feels like it's just getting started. And we're starting to see improvements in medical. Our industrial and factory automation side is very strong. Energy has stayed strong throughout the entire '19 forward. We see that continuing, especially with the benefits from renewable sources, and we're in the mid teens of our revenue, we think that can move up in our energy business around solar, and certainly wind. And in the communication segment what I would tell you as we look forward is, you have cloud CapEx is going to increase another 10% next year. And when you think about we've grown 2X to market here over the past three years, our cloud revenue has doubled since 2019, and we're going to have growth on top of that with that cloud CapEx picture. And then in appliances, the consumer is strong; certainly we have to watch that. If the consumer slows down a little bit there could be a little bit of a headwind. But right now, we're sort of assuming that's a flattish market globally. So, we believe it's a pretty constructive setup, certainly supply chain [blinks] [Ph] a big piece of it. We hope our supply chain continues to improve, like we saw over the past 90 days. And we'll take advantage of that as we build a little bit of inventory, early in the year, to make sure we capitalize on the setup. On the pieces around the second part of your question, when you look at this year, other than the market, the bigger piece of our growth is really around content. So, any way you want to parcel it, I think Heath framed the price side. Normally, we have 1% to 2% negative price last year or basically flat. That shows the pricing that we've been pushing through, that we started in January, in the distribution area. And we're in the middle of automotive contractual negotiations as we speak. So, I think there's more to come there. But, clearly, the bigger piece last year has to do marketing content, and that's what we get excited about as we go forward, and I gave you that -- a couple examples there between auto and also on the cloud side.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Wamsi. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Kelley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Kelley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe to follow up on the 20% EV sales mix in automotive, Terrence, I think you made that comment, the prepared remarks. Just wanted to confirm that, a, that is EVs, and doesn't include hybrids? And then just curious, your EV sales have begun to scale. Is the content per vehicle tracking at that two times relative to internal combustion that you have expected and just curious if you're thinking about any potential upside from there going forward.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, David. So, first of all, from a clarification, thank you for asking it. When we talk EV, we do include hybrid, we include both elements of them. So, when you take that and even the numbers I quote about the 9 million units made globally that are electric that includes hybrids and plug-in hybrids. So, that's totally the area we get the bigger content as you bring in the electric powertrain in both areas. So, if you take our automotive revenue this year with what you would add on electric vehicle, both on the high voltage content and low voltage together, that's a little bit above 20%. And the content sort of run in the 2x and it's right on top of it. And like we've always said, when you think about TE, there isn't things that get cannibalized on our product, the low voltage things come over. When you start putting in that electric powertrain, you have charger inlets, you actually have to get the power into the battery. We play along those connectivity, certainly how it comes into the sell-side. And also some of the things we do from a switching of power as you bring the power back and forth, and that creates the content above the low voltage position. So, it is important there. The other thing I would just don't want to lose sight on, and I said in my script was as you get into the heavy truck, I know we've given examples, but I did mention in the prepared remarks, we want two programs with two of the top five truck manufacturers world. And these are turning from prototypes into real platforms. And when you look at that in our commercial transportation business, that I talked about a little bit earlier, the content on those high voltage architectures can be over $1,000 per vehicle. And that's just on the high voltage architecture that doesn't even include some of the other elements that we would have one data. And I'm really excited about those wins because they also truly show our leadership position there in commercial transportation. When it comes to connectivity, we have a leading share by quite some distance. And our global customers are looking about how -- when they get to more electrified powertrains across their fleets and their offerings, they come to us and let's face it. You're dealing with voltages that are at a thousand versus what you would have in a car, you're dealing with vibration and certain durability, which we've talked about harsh environments. That's what we love and our engineers like to tackle those challenges and that we want to with the top five on their initial platforms, I see that continuing just to go across the other players and reinforcing our great commercial transportation business.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, David. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Your line is open.
Joe Giordano: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Can you hear me? Hi. Okay. Heath, I just wanted to kind of clarify a couple things here. With the orders running arguably a little bit hot and out far and Terrence's commentary about there's still $50 million of stuff that you would have liked to have shipped out but couldn't, it was 100 last quarter. I'm just curious on the inventory bill, because it was pretty substantial in the quarter. And I get why you'd want to have some protection there, but just want to square like the ability to build that kind of inventory with also the inability to get things off the door and high orders. So, can you kind of -- just kind of square that for me?
Heath Mitts: Sure, Joe. I mean, first of all, as diverse as our portfolio is as many different products you can imagine the complexity of our manufacturing environment and our supply chain, right. So, it's not just one part and it's not as simple as just saying what we can and can't produce, right. So, our availability of materials has largely been resins and metals. As I mentioned earlier, resins particularly are improving and metals we're working our way through. So, as we look forward and we continue to anticipate resolution of some of those input challenges that we have, it does give us the ability to start having a little bit more foresight into what we wanted to do strategic build heads for, right. I mean, if you think about where we're sitting here, right, we're not going to sit here and predict when some of the semicon challenges for our auto customers specifically get resolved, you should ask them or the semicon companies, right. But what we do know is that there's really, really strong demand out there for automobiles. And that's not just the U.S. comment, that's really globally. And the shortage of those vehicles on dealer lots give us a lot of ability to play offense here in terms of being bullish about when that demand comes back. We want to make sure that we are ready for our customers and not going to be holding up any kind of ramp that they may have. Now, when that ramp happens is still TBD, but -- and I'm not going to signal that this number inventory build is going to be massive, but we are going to take advantage of a little bit of a slowdown in the auto production world and get ahead of it, so we're ready.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Good morning.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Chris. Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: I am curious about margin outlook generally and CS. Do you expect some margin progress at each segment at -- in fiscal 2022? And for communications in particular comments maybe flattish appliance markets, but the second half comps are kind off the charts. How should we think about the leverage to the -- decremental margins for the CS segment?
Heath Mitts: Well, I think it's a good question, Chris. And it's one that we've talked to you about the -- the 30% flow through is still what we're gearing up for, for the year in terms of that now see within that -- I think you'll see that the strength more out of the industrial and out of the transportation businesses, the communication side as we've talked about has been running fairly hot, but it has now for several quarters in a row. And it really shows that these volume levels, what it looks like particularly out of appliances. Terrence mentioned that we're anticipating a flatter appliance market as we work our way through the year. I'm not suggesting that's all going to happen here in the first quarter, but we're probably taking on an approach there where we see a little bit of contraction in the margins albeit more to come as we able to see what volume levels end up looking like. So, in terms of the decrementals on that, I think you could roll it through roughly the same kind of math, but we target about 30% flow through on the organic side. And that's really where our focus continues to be as part of our business model for FY 2022.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. Thanks for taking my question.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Samik.
Samik Chatterjee: A couple of clarifications, hi, on auto trends communications seem like it moderated quarter-over-quarter the auto trends a bit more than the other two segments. So, is there something going on there? I know you spoke about strong demand from the cloud customers. And then similarly, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks, China automotive orders being up. Is that EV or is that still like an inventory bill, just if you can clarify those two auto trends. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, I would say CS other than just things getting a little bit more normalized and scheduled out. There's nothing unique in there, Samik. In regard to the auto, I think, one of the things just to highlight, you know, it's nice to see the China auto go up. Certainly, they're being impacted as well by some of the supply elements that are happening on the world. And this is traditionally the strong China build quarter. And we're not getting a strong China build quarter because of the supply chain issues that's going through. So, I would say you should read into there's more EV or less EV in there. I think it's pretty much in line with what we said on a global basis because Asia still is the predominant largest region of electric vehicles compared to the other two regions. So, we were pleased to see that trend in China continuing to stay up and grow. Certainly, the supply chain continues to need to help us there because it is an important market for us.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Samik. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joseph Spak: Thanks. Good morning. First just a tough clarification, I don't know if I heard this, but how much are you assuming global production for auto is up, down or maybe flat quarter-over-quarter. And then if you could just talk a little bit about how or receptivity to recovering pricing for commodities maybe by end market how that's going for you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So, first off, on auto production; auto production was about 2 million units light in our quarter we just had versus where we guided. In the first quarter, we're assuming 18 million unit range for auto production in our first quarter, which is compared to $23 million last year's first quarter. So, that's how 20% down I mentioned on the line. And certainly, we're not guiding for the year, but I believe IHS has [indiscernible] fiscal period around 77 million units for the year, which will be flat year-over-year. In regard to pricing, pricing is very different by our end markets. When you say receptivity, I wouldn't say anybody likes pricing. So, I wouldn't say people are saying, I'm happy about it. But I would say, we're pulling the different levers as Heath said, some we can pull quicker in places where like, we go through our channel partners, smaller customers in places like auto, it's more contractual agreements and that's -- we're in the middle of those. And that'll continue to be a recovery point throughout this year. So, it is very different. And I think the stats that Heath laid out sort of frames it nicely at what the benefit we'd gotten as well as how we're thinking about it into 2022.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thank you for taking my question. I have -- I have a question about the communications end market that's been doing very well the last few quarters, all segment really, but in particular, the comms end market, to what degree is the upside we're seeing there related specifically, in cloud service providers upgrading to 200 in one case, and I think 400 gigabit per second, intra data center comms, which we think has been going on for a while versus sort of more broad-based CapEx exposure. And does your growth here reflect more of broader end market growth or broader or narrow end market growth or share gains from either new or approved products? Thank you. 
Terrence Curtin: Thanks. Well, couple of things, if the market and the growth we're benefiting overall from high-speed applications. So, when you look at D&D overall, it is anywhere where you're having high-speed, getting put in and then that can be anywhere in the network. Certainly, the bigger growth lever is with the cloud providers and our position across those five providers, as I think I've mentioned in other calls, has really been pretty even as we gained share. And we aren't weighted to one of the cloud providers globally versus another, but we are benefiting from their capital spending trends. And that capital spending trend is they're very much focused, not only on speed. They're also focusing on how they continue and implement AI to make sure that how do they get more specific compute and scaling computing power, and also helps them get to their cost of total ownership, including their impact on energy usage down. And what we've continued to see, as they're making their investments, which are aligned with what you said, we're seeing them wanting to spend another 10% around their cloud and data center going into next year. And the content that we're getting is very strong with the share gains as well. That is why you saw us out of -- in that specific product niche we grew about 65% this year, where their CapEx went up 30%. And these are things being deployed real time as they're trying to keep up their cloud offerings. And we've become a very good partner, technical as well as service partner form. And we've actually strengthened during the COVID time.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Matthew Sheerin: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask a follow-up on the inventory issues. First, looking at your customer base, are you seeing any pockets of inventory build it, we're seeing that from some of your peers from their auto customers? And also if you look at your channel partners, particularly, proclivity industrial markets, which have been strong, any signs of build there? And from your own perspective, Heath, he talked about, building inventory as you get into fiscal '22. Can you tell us how that impacts your free cash flow and the conversion rate, which is typically around the 100%?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So, Matt, let me take the part around what we see out in inventory in the world. And then, we'll get to -- Heath will talk about our inventory. First of all, for the channel partners, I would tell you, our channel partner orders have accelerated over the past three quarters, but they have leveled out now. So, similar to the other work comments I've made, we have seen leveling, we've been able to service more to them as our supplies improve, but we have not seen their inventory increase on our product side. So, their turn levels have accelerated here, and they're touching product more to get it out because of how quick they're turning it. So, inventory levels in '21 have remained relatively flat while they've had significant as they're trying to help the customers and their supply chain solutions to those. When it comes to our customers, we do see customers holding more inventory, some customers have scheduled out further. But we also have customers that in some areas are still very low in certain inventory pockets. So, certainly the supply chain is trying to get to a normalized, I would say, on both sides of the equation you see it. And it's also what's happening in auto land. You need about 30,000 parts to make a car. If one of them isn't there in one [plant] [Ph] the car is not being made. So, when we look at it, we're always going to have supply chain noise whether it's building or coming down a little bit, but we do view that noise. And it's back to the comments we said about content, we feel good about the 6% content growth over production next year, including any supply chain noise.
Heath Mitts: And, Matt, on the question about our inventory bill, I think it gets down to relative to our cash conversion rate, and I think it gets down to the timing. The way we're looking at it now is it's probably more of a first-half issue where some inventory builds, and then as we can bleed that off, we're taking -- basically taking advantage of some slow auto production here in the earlier part of the year. So, as part of that, I think that just gets into the timing. It could put a little bit of pressure on that, 100%. But we have other levers as well that we're looking at, and will continue to assess that. And I think we'll be able to give you a better update on that answer here a quarter or two from now.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Matt. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. Just on the 110 basis points improvement, since '19, on the operating margins. I was wondering if you could break down sort of how you got there between volumes, restructuring, and maybe some of the offsets, and any implications for the risks of achieving 30% incremental margins this year? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Steve. Yes, listen, I mean you're -- you've been covering us for a long time, and you're well aware of the restructuring endeavors that we've undertaken. And we've been very focused in on particular areas around Industrial this year, around some things that we did on a footprint basis, in Europe, that we're continuing to execute on within Transportation. And then we're benefiting greatly from the Communications side with a lot of that heavy lifting done several years ago on the footprint side. So, as we look forward, there's no doubt that as we think about that, that ability to grow over 100 basis points from '19 to '20, restructuring played meaningful part of that. But I would also tell you that some of the things that we were able to do around holding off in 2021, the price erosion through some of the actions that we undertook, as well as the ability to offset some of the inflationary pressures with productivity were a meaningful part. And then volume goes a low way. As you know, this is a scaled business, and having volume means a lot. So, I don't know if we've ever actually broke down, externally, what percentage of that increase is in certain buckets, but you can imagine there was contributions across the board on that side of things. In terms of, as I mentioned earlier, listen, as we sit here, and although we're not guiding for the full-year, we feel good about our ability to hold to our business model of margin expansion through -- even if it's modest this year, through the flow-through of that 30%.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Steve. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Jim
Jim Suva: It's great to see that your restructuring costs are going lower. Just kind of curious, that would to me imply that your operating margin track continues to remain where your -- well, at this 30% margin growth or even better. And with this recent acquisition or ERNI, should we think about there may have to be a little bit step up in restructuring? Or I'm just trying to get at kind of your goals for restructuring. It sounds like a lot of the heavy work is behind us, but then again, it could be timing, and there was a pandemic, and all these type of other things. So, if you could talk to us about restructuring that would be great.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Jim. And I you and I have had a lot of discussions about this over the last few years, I appreciate the question. Honestly, as I sit there and look at where the buckets are, the bigger item -- the bigger projects that we have underway in terms of rightsizing the footprint. Some of the things that we talked historically about, getting right-sized in Industrial and getting to the right places of manufacturing for automotive, particularly in Europe. A lot of those things are underway, those charges have been taken, and we're working through those. What we're seeing more of now, Jim, is the impact of some of the more recent acquisitions. And when acquisitions come into our portfolio, inevitably, they come in as multiple sites. And in some cases we do need to go and collapse those into our existing footprint. Or in some cases they avail opportunities to take legacy TE locations and move into the acquired site. So, some of the things that we're now seeing, whether that's with ERNI or with some of the sensors activities that we acquired here in the last few years all -- is driving some of those restructuring efforts, and plays into the overall return and valuation considerations for the acquisitions that we do in terms of the return and value creation opportunities. So, we're starting to make that move. We're not quite there in terms of cleaning up some of the legacy locations, but we're getting closer.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Jim. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Junk from Baird. Your line is open.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. A lot of near-term focus here, I wanted to ask more of a strategic question, and that is, Terrence, how do you play offense or position TE to grow above market in areas that have lagged in the recovery, specifically thinking about areas like medical, which is, encouragingly, just starting to come back right now or something like [COMAIR] [Ph] continue to become a better position on the backend given the size and scale of your organization versus, say, small competitors in those markets?
Terrence Curtin: I think during this time, certainly I think our customers have looked for and seen stress around the supply chain from the smaller competitors. So, I do think any of us that are larger will benefit during this time. So, that that is something I think is a benefit for the larger companies in our space. When you talk about those two areas; medical, we haven't talked about for the past couple of years due to the impact that we did have on procedures. But when you look at how procedures are increasing, the innovation that we've been doing with our customers has not slowed down during this time. But, certainly, the levels of procedures went way down due to COVID dynamics. So, I do think you'll see us talking more about medical again, from a growth perspective, more like we had historically than you've experienced the past couple of years. In COMAIR it's a little bit different. I think medical had a temporary pause due to procedures. COMAIR is one that, you know, has been hit hard. It's been hit hard. Certainly you're starting to see some discussion around single-aisle aircraft, you get into dual-aisle aircraft, dual-aisle aircraft is probably further away. And in those cases, I'm not sure you're going to have as much new innovation happening, even though we do have wins on what's happening in space, certainly low-earth satellite. As well as we're also working with some of the newer EV OTL providers, depending upon what ramp that goes. So, I think net-net, certainly a much more bullish tone around medical. I think in COMAIR, because that -- how it really got hit as the overall market and our customers also got disorientated, that they had to reposition, really is the one that's going to be a little bit longer out. I feel we have a very good position there, certainly a leading position. But I'm not sure we're going to be able to talk to that to work out on what the growth trajectory is longer-term based upon what our customers do.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Luke. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov with Longbow Research.
Nik Todorov: Yes, thanks, and good morning, everyone. When you look at your auto sales growth, whether it's fiscal year '21 or calendar year '21, it looks like sales will outgrow production by more than 20%. So, can you help us understand the components within that? I think you touched on this. How much is content versus pricing, how much if FX, and how much is driven by some inventory build that you talked about the -- that customer? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Hey, Nik, we did not grow 20% above production, so we didn't. We did have content outperformance. The market was up about double-digit this year. And if you take the real element we were in double digits of content outperformance, a very strong 50% increase in EV, certainly continued growth in traditional cars, ICE engines, we saw content growth, price was only a little bit. So, net-net, I would just ask you maybe to look at your math; it wasn't 20% by any means. And once again, that content momentum, we're on the mid-70s, we've shared with you our path to get up to mid-80s based upon the trends around powertrain, trends around data connectivity, certainly traditional safety features. And we feel very good about where we're positioned and also how well we're positioned globally with every [OEA] [Ph]. That's one of the specialties about TE; we're essentially on every car in the planet.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Nik. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Wolfe Research.
Shreyas Patil: Hey, this is Shreyas on for Rod. I just wanted to come back to the question around orders, and specifically within the automotive segment. And I guess what I'm trying to think through, and as I look at 2021, how much of a benefit there was from kind of unusual order activity from OEM customers, just so that we can think about that going forward. I know you're talking about six points of outgrowth excluding that, but I just wondered if you could size that. And then on the EV side, I know you've talked about $120 of content per vehicle, so that's on average. But given the growth that you're seeing, do you see -- and some of the wins that you've had, which I think have exceeded $120 of content. Do you see an opportunity for that to maybe increase faster over time, and maybe even be higher than that $120? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Well, I think a couple of things there. When you look at production next year, the 6% that we said is content above production, we said includes any supply chain noise. So, you said excluded, and my comment said include -- include any of that noise that you have on supply chain that we had every year. In regard to content, the comments that I made earlier about the 2X, we are running 2X, that would be both on all electric vehicles, including hybrids. And I think that penetration is continually going to play out. I think the one thing that's important, certainly we share things around vehicle content that are very specific models. But you also have to remember, there's also the models that are more mainline, traditional, average median income type cars that are in that content as well. So, net-net, I like where we're gaining our share, continue the traction we have on content. And if electric vehicles go faster and we win more programs we can maybe be above that. But right now, we expect, next year, we'll be at that 6% high end of the range.
Sujal Shah: All right, thank you, Shreyas. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And if you have more questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you, and have a nice morning.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, everybody.
Operator:  -- conference will be made available for replay beginning at 11:30 AM Eastern Time today, October 27, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's Web site. That will conclude your conference for today.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Third Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal Year 2021. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sujal Shah. Sir, please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you Sujal, and I also appreciate everyone joining us today to cover our results for the third quarter, as well as our expectations for our fourth fiscal quarter. Before Heath and I get into the slides and the details of the quarter, I want to frame our view of the environment that we're operating in as well as our performance. We are in an economy that is showing strong GDP growth globally, driven by the recovery from last year's COVID shutdowns with consumer spending that is robust, as well as corporations around the world increasing investment to capitalize on this recovery. In addition to the recovery, it's also important to note that we've strategically focused TE around select secular trends and these trends are accelerating in the key markets that we serve. You'll see this in our transportation segment with electric vehicle adoption accelerating in our communications segment around cloud investment and in our industrial segment with capital spending accelerating globally around factory automation as well as digitization. While we have a recovery that is happening faster and is more robust than we all thought, the reality is that the world is dealing with supply chains trying to catch up to this faster recovery. This is causing volatility for our customers as well as everyone that's in our customer supply chains. In this backdrop, we are performing well in this environment and our strong results for the quarter and our performance so far this year demonstrates the strength and diversity of our portfolio. You'll see this with contributions from each of our three segments. We are generating sales, adjusted operating margins and adjusted earnings per share that are above pre-COVID levels and we remain excited about the additional growth and margin opportunities that we'll be on this year. With this backdrop, let me provide some key messages from today's call about our performance. First, I am pleased with our execution in the third quarter and the quarterly records that we achieved. These records include sales of over $3.8 billion, adjusted earnings per share of $1.79 and adjusted operating margins of over 19%. Our results were ahead of our expectations, driven by the continued recovery in most end markets that we serve, our broad leadership positions and strong operational performance by our teams. It's also important to note that, while we are in a recovery, our growth also continues to be driven by the secular trends across our markets that are driving our market outperformance this year and will continue to drive the outperformance going forward. Another key factor that you see is that, we are continuing to demonstrate our strong free cash generation model, and continue to expect free cash flow conversion to approximately 100% for this full fiscal year. And as we look forward, you'll see and we'll talk about our orders in quarter three remain consistent with our second quarter, and we expect our quarter four sales to be roughly flat to our quarter three sales. And we expect that these revenue levers will translate into strong performance with $1.65 in adjusted earnings per share in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned, our results are demonstrating the strength and diversity of our portfolio, with growth and margin contributions from each segment. In communications, you see the growth opportunities in the cloud and the ongoing increase in capital expenditure trends by the cloud providers. In our industrial segment, you see increased investments in capacity and higher levels of factory automation. And in transportation, you see content growth trends for electrification, as well as further electronification of both autos and trucks. And in each of our segments, we are delivering strong operational performance, which are evident in the margins. And when we look back to our discussion we had in October, we did indicate that our first quarter would be the peak of global quarterly auto production for our fiscal year, but not the peak of our earnings. This is playing out as we anticipated because of our diverse portfolio. For this fiscal year, we are expecting over 20% growth in sales, approximately 400 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion and over 50% growth in adjusted earnings per share. I am very pleased with this level of progress towards our business model and our team's ability to execute, especially with some of the markets continuing to recover and the broader challenges we've faced in the supply chain. So, now, let me turn -- and I want to take a moment to frame the current market environment and our business relative to where we were just 90 days ago when we last spoke. So, starting with transportation. Consumer demand for autos remains robust, but ongoing challenges with semiconductor supply continue to impact our customers' ability to produce. Global auto production came in slightly lower than expected in the third quarter, and we're expecting auto production to be approximately 19 million units in our fourth quarter. The trends around our content growth remain strong in the transportation segment. Our content per vehicle has accelerated from the low $60 range, a few years ago into the $70 range this year. We continue to benefit from increased electronification and higher production of electric vehicles, which will enable us to continue to outperform auto production going forward, as content continues to grow. In our industrial segment, we continue to see an industrial backdrop that is improving, which is benefiting our industrial equipment, as well as our energy businesses. Also, in our quarter, our orders in medical have begun to recover, and we returned to growth as interventional procedures have started to increase again. And the one area, where we are not seeing acceleration is in our AD&M business, but I will highlight, the business does feel stable at current revenue levels. From 90 days ago, let me talk about communications. The end market trends that we mentioned last quarter are continuing. Consumer demand continues to be robust in appliances and capital expenditure trends remain strong in cloud applications. And while that to look at where we were versus 90 days ago by our segments, I do want us all to remember that we are in a world that's still dealing with COVID and the uncertainties around variants. While all our global factories are operational, we continue to watch developments in each of the regions we operate and our focus has been and will continue to be on keeping our employees safe, while also helping our customers capitalize on the improving economic conditions. So now let me get into the slides and please turn to Slide 3, so I can get into some additional details for the third quarter, as well as our expectations for the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, sales of $3.8 billion were better than our expectations and were up over 50% year-over-year, demonstrating strong performance through the economic recovery with growth in all segments. Also on a sequential basis, sales were up 3% and our earnings per share was up 14% with sequential margin expansion in each segment. Compared to last quarter, industrial segment sales were up 5%, driven by ongoing strength in industrial equipment and increases in energy and medical. And in the communications segment, sales were up 16% with double-digit growth in both data and devices and appliances on a sequential basis. And in our transportation segment, our sales were in line with our expectations. When you look at orders in the quarter, they remained strong at $4.5 billion consistent with the levels we had in the second quarter. And this reflects market improvement along with ongoing inventory replenishment by our customers. If you think about the balance sheet, we continue to maintain the capital strategy between making sure we're returning capital to shareholders as well as M&A. Earlier this month, we entered into an agreement to acquire ERNI, a European connector manufacturer that has a complementary product line and serving the industrial market. This acquisition has a purchase price of approximately $300 million and is consistent with the bolt-on strategy around acquisitions that we talked to you about. As we look forward, we expect our strong performance to continue into our fourth quarter. We expect sales to be up in the high teens over the year to approximately $3.8 billion. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be approximately $1.65 and this will be up 40% year-over-year. And as you can see on the slide, we've included our full year numbers and our performance relative to both fiscal 2020 and 2019 which I highlighted earlier. So let's turn to Slide 4 and I'll get into orders a little bit more. For the third quarter, our orders remained strong at approximately $4.5 billion consistent with the second quarter levels that I mentioned earlier. Order levels continue to reflect economic recovery and replenishment across a number of our end markets. Year-over-year, we saw orders growth in all businesses and in all regions. Transportation orders remained elevated due to the market recovery, as well as the auto industry supply dynamics. In our industrial segment, orders grew 8% sequentially and with growth in industrial equipment, energy and medical and flat orders in AD&M which indicates the stabilization that I mentioned earlier. In communications, sequential order growth was driven by strength in data and devices. So let me also add some color on orders and what we're seeing from a geographic perspective on a sequential basis. We continue to see growth in Asia where our China orders were up 6% sequentially. In Europe, our orders were down 7% sequentially and in North America, our orders were essentially flat versus last quarter. So with that as a backdrop around orders, let me get into our segment results that you'll see on slides 5 through 7 and I'll cover this briefly. Starting with transportation, our sales were up approximately 70% organically year-over-year with growth in each of our businesses. Our auto business grew 90% organically and we are benefiting from the market recovery and are demonstrating continued content outperformance due to our leading global position. We continue to benefit from increased production of electric vehicles, as TE's technology and products are enabling high-voltage architectures and applications with every leading OEM on the planet. In commercial transportation, we saw 56% organic growth driven by the market recovery, ongoing emission trends as well as content outperformance. We are continuing to benefit from stricter emission standards around the world and increased operator adoption of Euro 6, which reinforces our solid position in China. The other key point is that we continue to gain momentum with wins on electric powertrain platforms and trucks, which while this doesn't give revenue or orders today, it will provide future content growth for our leading position in commercial transportation. In sensors, we saw 20% organic growth, driven primarily by auto applications and we also saw growth in the commercial transportation and industrial applications as well. For the segment, adjusted operating margins expanded sequentially to 19.4% on essentially flat sales. So let me turn to the industrial segment. And in this segment, sales increased 13% organically year-over-year. In our industrial equipment business, sales were up 36% organically with growth in all regions and benefiting from the momentum in factory automation applications where we continue to benefit from accelerating capital expenditures in areas like semiconductor and automotive manufacturing. Our AD&M business, sales declined 7% organically, driven by the continued weakness in the commercial aerospace market. In our energy business, we saw 9% organic growth driven by increases in renewables, especially global solar applications. And lastly, in our medical business as I mentioned earlier, a return to growth in the quarter and was up 10% organically year-over-year with the recovery in interventional procedures around the world. From a margin perspective, adjusted operating margin for the segment expanded year-over-year by nearly 300 basis points to 15.8% despite the volume declines in our AD&M business. And this was driven by solid operational performance by the teams. Now let me turn to the communications segment. And our team continues to demonstrate strong operational execution, while capitalizing on the growth trends in the markets that we serve. Sales grew 31% in the segment organically year-over-year with robust growth in both data and devices and appliances. In data and devices, we grew 16% organically year-over-year due to the solid position we built in high-speed solutions for cloud applications. We continue to see capital expenditures increasing by our customers and our content growth is enabling us to grow cloud-related sales at double the market rate this year. In appliances, sales grew 57% organically versus the prior year with growth in all regions driven by market improvement, our leading global market position, and ongoing share gains. I do want to say that our communications team continues to deliver outstanding performance to complement the higher sales levels that they're executing to. And you see this with our adjusted operating margin in the segment of 23.5%, which is up 760 basis points versus the prior year. Overall, across our segments our teams are capitalizing on growth trends in their end markets demonstrating the diversity of our portfolio while delivering strong operational execution. And with that, let me turn it over to Heath, who will get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide eight where I will provide more details on the Q3 financials. Adjusted operating income was $734 million, up significantly year-over-year with an adjusted operating margin of 19.1%. GAAP operating income was $714 million and included $11 million of restructuring and other charges and $9 million of acquisition-related charges. We still expect total restructuring charges to approximate $200 million for fiscal 2021 as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was $1.79 and GAAP EPS was $1.74 for the quarter which included restructuring acquisition and other charges of approximately $0.05. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q3 came in as we expected at approximately 18% with our fourth quarter tax rate expected to be around 20%. We expect to continue our -- we continue to expect our adjusted effective tax rate for the full year to be around 19%. Importantly, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our reported ETR for the full year. If we turn to slide nine, our results and progress you see on the slide reflects the strength and diversity of our portfolio and business model execution. As Terrence mentioned, we delivered record performance in Q3 on sales, adjusted operating margins, and adjusted EPS. We are not only showing progress versus the prior year, but we are also delivering higher sales margins and adjusted EPS versus fiscal 2019, which represents a pre-COVID baseline. Sales of $3.8 billion were up over 50% versus the prior year and up 3% sequentially with solid performance in each of our segments. Currency exchange rates positively impacted sales by $138 million versus the prior year. Adjusted EPS of $1.79 was up significantly year-over-year and up 14% sequentially reflecting our strong operational performance. Adjusted operating margins were 19.1% also up significantly versus the prior year. Year-to-date our adjusted operating margins are running at around 18% and our fourth quarter is expected to be a continuation of this strong performance. Turning to cash flow, in the quarter cash from operating activities was $682 million. We had very strong free cash flow for the quarter of $539 million and year-to-date free cash flow is approximately $1.5 billion. In Q3, we returned approximately $445 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our cash flow performance demonstrates the strength of our cash generation model. And we continue to expect free cash flow conversion to approximate 100% for the full year. We remain committed to our disciplined use of capital. And overtime, we continue to expect two-thirds of our free cash flow to be returned to shareholders and one-third to be used for acquisitions. As Terrence noted, we entered into an agreement to acquire ERNI earlier this month. And we expect to close by the end of this quarter. ERNI has revenues of approximately $200 million annually, and will be reported as part of our industrial equipment business. Before we go to questions, I want to reiterate, that we are performing well in this environment, despite challenges in the broader supply chain. Our results for the quarter and our performance so far this year, demonstrate the strength and diversity of our portfolio with contributions from each of our three segments. We delivered record performance in Q3. Our fourth quarter guidance represents a continuation of our strong performance. And we are excited about growth and margin opportunities beyond this fiscal year in line with our business model. Let's now open up for questions. Sujal?
Sujal Shah: Okay. Ludy, could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Question-and:
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney at Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. And thanks very much for taking my questions. Terrence you mentioned several secular trends that the company is addressing and longer term that TE can grow revenue and margins. So I was hoping you could speak a bit more about, what the company is seeing with respect to this industry backdrop? And what that may mean for the company's fundamentals in the intermediate to longer term.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Thanks Mark. And I think when you sit there, you see the performance we put up which we're very proud of. But in many ways, a lot of where the recovery is across our business is still pretty early. And I think the first thing framed to your question is probably around where can, we meet demand a little bit. And I would still tell you one of the things is, with this quarter with some of the supply chain elements that happened within TE, there is about $100 million of revenue we estimate across our segments that due to our supply chain we couldn't get out to customers. So we are still trying to get up to the level of demand that's out there. And certainly with the supply chain issues, we estimate it's about in quarter three, $100 million. We think it will be a similar amount in quarter four. But -- and that's really where materials impact us around metals and resins. And we think that will be with us a little bit. But, when you think through the markets and you think about where auto production is at right now, auto production this year with the $19 million we expect in the fourth quarter is still significantly below 2019 levels, that $81 million units this year will still be down from $88 million in 2019. And certainly are being troubled a little bit by some of the semiconductor supply chain. So we think, as you think through the cycle, auto production can go up as we do look forward. Certainly content is going to help us. We also have in industrial. As I mentioned in my comments, it really feels like, it's just getting started. Our medical business is picking up. Our energy business that was pretty resilient continues to be strong. And you're seeing what we started a couple of quarters ago around industrial equipment. We continue to see that picking up as you have CapEx. And then in communications cloud CapEx was up 20% this year. It's expected to be up 10% next year. So we still see there are big drivers for us that will help us. And on the margin side, we still have margin improvement that we need to deliver in two or three segments and they are our largest segments. So certainly, we're working through the supply chain elements that I think everybody in the plant is working through. And we still see margin improvement back up to where we told you on our business model going forward. So the cycle is a recovery. And one of the things we feel very good about is the consumer is showing up whether it be to buy cars, whether it be to buy appliances. And companies now are showing up. So it'll probably be lumpy but I would tell you it feels very good from the drivers that we positioned TE around. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Kelley of Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Kelley: Hi, good morning, Terrence and thanks for taking my question. Wanted to focus maybe on the fourth quarter earnings guidance implies based on our math sequentially lower margins relative to the third quarter. It feels like we're seeing rising input costs some ongoing supply chain disruptions but also improved pricing and clearly volume recovery. So with that out of mind could you talk about some of the dynamics that play here in context of how you're thinking about the fourth quarter margin trajectory?
Heath Mitts: Sure, David. This is Heath. I'll take the questions. Listen I mean, first of all I think what we effectively had commented in my prepared statement was we're running at around 18% year-to-date in terms of margins. And we see that more or less continuing as we work our way into the fourth quarter. If you pick a particular quarter you're going to have timing issues given the  how diverse we are how we're set up globally. You're going to have timing issues in any one particular quarter. So I think you've got to be careful about just picking out a quarter and trying to compare it forward or backwards. Within our world there is price-cost differences between the different businesses. In some cases we're able to pass along that price more quickly, particularly if it runs through our channel partners where we have distribution in some of our businesses. Some are heavier dependent upon that. And in places where we don't have that distribution partner and that mechanism to pass along price that quickly it takes a little bit longer. So the realization of that is very mixed within our portfolio. The other thing to consider is we're still as we've talked about in the past we're still on this restructuring journey with some of our footprint optimization. And as part of that you're going to have timing issues of when you start to realize some of those savings versus the cost of getting some of those things done and you spend a little bit ahead of before you take things offline. So there's all kinds of different moving parts in a portfolio like ours. From an EPS perspective sequentially, we will have from a third quarter to fourth quarter we will have a tax headwind. Our tax rate is going to step up a couple of hundred basis points and that's fairly normal in terms of timing for the fourth quarter. So some of the EPS drop sequentially is tied to that tax rate. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, David. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of Evercore. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess Terrence, wondered if you could maybe expand a bit more on the supply chain dynamics you've talked about. There's been fair bit of discussion around this by everyone including your peers. So I'd love to get your perspective on what does really all of it mean for TEL. And maybe you can explain what are the supply chain pressures you're referring to. And then what impact does it have with your operations and P&L broadly? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. No, thanks for the question. Let me -- supply chain, I guess, we're all using more than we would like to use on coal. So, let me make sure, what it means to TE. First of all, let's -- it all starts with end demand in our customers. So, let me spend a little bit on what we're feeling from customers. Certainly, customers are trying to make sure, they recover. And in some cases, when you think about what we go into, and you can take a car. A car has 30,000 parts. If one or two or three parts, they can't procure, they struggle making a car. And so, what you have right now because of the recovery being faster, you have everybody's scrambling. And also, you have a lot of the data signals that are coming down from our customers are changing a lot as they're trying to make sure they meet customer demand. So, the first thing I would say from a supply chain is, pretty severe volatility, coming from our customers, as they're trying to make sure, they get up and running. And unfortunately, in some cases, you've seen customers having to stop production because of things like semiconductors. So that creates volatility. Now, when you look in our world, it is important that when you think about TE, we are a manufacturer. We start from very base materials with what we innovate we make. And so, from that viewpoint, the biggest things that we use are things that are plastic, certainly resins from commodity all the way up to very highly engineered things that help with flame retardancy and temperature, as well as metals that are used for conductivity. So, when you sit there in those two key areas, we did have some areas, where resin supply was impacted, and certainly metal supply has been impacted. And what that has created for us is not only is supply impacted, we've had to do some things that aren't as natural for TE, which is we might have supply due to our global supply chain in certain parts of the world, and we may be shipping things around the world. So, not only the availability, it's also created some of those pressures as you said it in your question that we're managing. Because guess what, we're trying to really make sure, we ramp, we help our customers. And the reality of it is, this is going to be with us. We've been dealing with it in the recovery. I wouldn't say it's getting better. But I would say, we're going to continue to begin with it through our fiscal year and into early next year, as we're trying to pick up to a world that's recovering. And this type of recovery, whether you see it in our orders or in the supply chain, means there's a fast recovery that's happening out there, as people are trying to catch up to. So hopefully, that gives some flavor. And I think, our teams have actually been managing it through the volume, the price and the productivity, as you've seen our results.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Amit. We have the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak of RBC. Your line is open.
Joseph Spak: Thanks. Good morning. Terrence, you talked about some of the BEV wins and how that doesn't really impact the numbers today, but it helps for future growth. I was wondering, if you could help dimensionalize that for us at all. Like, maybe quantify the bookings in this quarter or the lifetime backlog? And how fast are some of those factors going? How should we think about that?
Terrence Curtin: So, number one is from a momentum perspective, the momentum that we've talked about has not changed. And there's really two factors. We benefit from our global position. We also benefit from the technology that we bring as you move to high-voltage architecture, whether that being connecting, it being to sensors that are resolvers and current sensors when you get into electric motors. And when you look at it to conceptualize a little bit, I'll go back to what I talked a little bit about last call or the call before which is what it means to our content. A few years back, we were in the low $60s before in content. We're in the 70s now. And when you think about that $10 increase in content, approximately half of that is due to high voltage. So that's about $5 of content at the total TE level across all production that has translated into revenue. And that's a key driver as we say for our content can grow above $80. So realize there's only 9 million electric vehicles made this year. What's great is that that adoption continues to accelerate. It didn't stop during COVID. And certainly, as that accelerates, that's going to continue to drive content outperformance for us. And it actually just continues to accelerate all around the world and it's nice to see the traction in places even like the United States which has always been a slower adopter of the technology actually pick up as well as the models that are coming out from all our global customers are showing how this trend is picking up.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Davis at Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Good morning guys. 
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Scott.
Scott Davis: Great to see you surviving this mess that's out there and thriving. But I kind of just wanted to follow-up on that last question a little in the context of the Chevy Bolt recall. And perhaps the architecture that is being utilized there on the high voltage side. Is there -- are there learnings from that recall and that perhaps increases your content growth going forward and having more backup and safety systems around particularly around high voltage. Is there anything to be gleaned there or nothing new?
Terrence Curtin: Scott, great question. And good to hear from you. I think the thing that you look at I wouldn't say -- when you think about does that learning out of that recall provide extra content? I wouldn't say it does, but I think it shows how fast the technology is moving as well as when you look at the architecture evolution, the pace of which it's coming at. When you think about combustion engines and how long they took to develop as well as everybody getting their models out, you will have situations where there will be events that there will be learnings of what -- how do you need to harden the electrical architecture. I don't think that will create incremental content opportunity. But what I would tell you for TE is when those issues occur, we're the type of company that they look to. Because we're working on up to 1000 volts. We play not only from the charger inlet, we play into where the motors go the high-voltage there. You also play on what's happening on the cell-to-cell or module-to-module connections as well as the sensing that occurs. So certainly, GM will really work hard to make sure those types of events won't occur in the future. But actually, it also creates a bigger opportunity for stickiness for us. And certainly, on the new truck platforms at GM, we have very strong content that's in line with that 2X content we've talked to you about.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Scott. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. My question is around TE's high voltage differentiation. The company has invested significantly in both -- in developing, but also scaling these solutions globally in recent years. And is this leading to high-voltage share gains relative to low voltage? It also seems like the OEMs would lean more heavily on top suppliers, just given how important these initial EV rollouts are? And then particularly, within high voltage as it's a new, but also extremely critical component for them?
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. So Chris, when we look at it I think  let me take a step back just for a second. With what we do around our interconnect and sensing portfolio, anywhere you have data, you have power, you have sensing and guess what getting into smaller packages and then higher power and higher data that's what our engineers do. And so when you deal with high-voltage architecture in a car, certainly, our customers that's why they like the position we have and it's a global position as I said where we design all around the world with all the OEMs. So when you think about it, it is  one point, I want to highlight is the low voltage architecture carries over for us, because you're not putting in your low voltage applications onto the battery and the motors. So our low voltage carries over. And where we really get into  and I mentioned it to Scott's question it starts at the charging inlet. It goes into, how does  you get the connections and the sensing occur, around the high-voltage connection that you need around the motors. It gets into the battery solutions. It gets into the contactors that we provide to switch the power over as you go from DC to AC and back, as well as the position in the current sensors. So it's completely across, and I think the other thing that's unique for us versus some others that might be a Tier 1  now we're Tier 2. Our customers really like that we're agnostic. We are there to solve their challenges that they're trying to get to. How are they trying to solve fast charging? What type of cells are they using in their battery pack? And that agnostic element is what they really like about our global position as they come into and we focus on the connection systems. We don't get complicated about harnesses and other things. That's what the Tier 1's do. But it's really about the connection technology that we invest in as they think about the platforms and how they have to evolve these platforms. And that's where you get the content increase that we mentioned and we shared examples. But it gives us a real content opportunity to double our content in electric vehicles. And like I said earlier, the content growth you're seeing in TE about half of it over the past couple of years is due to high voltage wins.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Could we have the next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Terrence you had a pretty solid fiscal third quarter. You're guiding to a pretty strong exit for this fiscal year. Can you maybe share some early thoughts into next fiscal year? It feels like there should be some nice production growth since other end markets seem to be in recovery mode as well. So, any bookends around dimensioning fiscal 2022 will be helpful? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Wamsi. And I guess, I have to give you the caveat that, we only guide for the fourth quarter, and we'll talk to you in 90 days about what we see going into 2022. But I just do want to reflect on what we say our business model is maybe before I talk to markets. It is about the content we've talked about even to your questions. It is about where our underlying production  go in the different  various markets that we serve. And it is about also continuing to capitalize on some of the execution things that Heath talked about on restructuring. We're still not at the target margin in two of our three segments, and its how do we use that capital to return it to you. So I do think it's important  that's the way we think about TE, and it's important that we keep it in front of us. And some of this I talked about. In transportation, we do still see a runway around production. Semiconductors had been a little bit of a governor this year. That probably will get fixed I think people see in 2022 at some point. But also that the consumer demand and inventory being depleted on car lots really are something that you could see auto production going up. Certainly our content will continue. In industrial, manufacturing CapEx is accelerating. I mentioned we're seeing it, in semiconductor we're benefiting from that. We're seeing it in the automation. We're benefiting from that. And what we're seeing in medical as well as energy looks like very nice legs to it. The one spot that we don't sort of see any signs of acceleration is around aerospace and defense. And that's just something -- there's good consumer trends. We aren't seeing it yet in that supply chain. And then, in communications, I would just say, cloud we expect to be strong, when it comes to appliances. The consumers are showing up strong. That probably will normalize at some point. I don't know if that will be in 2022 or later. But certainly we're benefiting from a very strong appliance cycle here around the consumer. So, really like how the end markets could be teeing up for 2022 and we'll share more with you in 90 days.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have next question please.
Operator: Next question coming from the line of Joe Giordano of Cowen. Your line is open.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Hey. Just curious on -- in auto on the customer inventory side of component parts, a lot of different commentary coming out so far in earnings season from what different companies are seeing. Just curious what you do internally to kind of make sure you're understanding whether order -- what percentage of orders that you're getting are for like actual production of cars right now? And how much is for your own customers building some stock? So, like what's the internal procedure for kind of fleshing that out?
Terrence Curtin: Well, a couple of things that we do. So, it's not unreasonable to assume that people will be trying to hold a little bit more buffer stock right now. But as I said, we're not even able to make current full demand and I said that was about $100 million. We do actually make sure as we check with our customers. Actually in some cases, we visit their warehouses to make sure we don't see hoarding occurring. And we also talk to our OEM customers. Because let's realize in some cases we ship into Tier 1s. And there's lots of discussions between the OEM, the Tier 1s to make sure flow continues to happen. So, I'm sure in some parts, there maybe some people trying to build up a little bit extra buffer stock, especially in the supply chain environment. I would tell you we're still trying to get to make sure we keep demand flowing to keep production going with the OEM lines.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Could we have next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Yes. Thanks. Also wanted to double down a little bit on the relationship between orders and consumption, and as pertains to revenue. I'm wondering if there's any mismatch relative to the actual production now with the transportation segment specifically that we might qualify our view of production advancement next year? And then, as far as orders go, would we anticipate a quarter or two where maybe you have the reciprocal of what we're seeing now and kind of mismatched the other way with the continued outsized book-to-bills for the trailing periods?
Terrence Curtin: You asked about three questions there. So no let me start at the total company level first. And we've had $4.5 billion of orders last quarter and this quarter. And if you take this quarter, we built $3.8 billion. I think when you look at that gap, that gap is certainly larger than normal. There is about $100 million of that gap that is real demand that due to our supply chain we could not fulfill. When you look at that remaining gap, I sort of think about it in a couple of buckets, and certainly, we look at it a lot. We study it by our different end markets. There is probably about half of that element which relates to our distribution partners. That is where people may not be able to get goods from us, they're looking to our channel partners to procure, and from that viewpoint we have seen an increase -- a very strong increase over the past two quarters in our channel partner orders. But what I would tell you, our channel partner inventory is at the same levels as last year. So their turn is up very big. They're placing orders. Certainly, we're not able to meet them to the levels that they're ordering. The other portion would be from our direct OEM customers and it will be that they're trying to make sure TE parts are not that one, two or three parts that they can't make something. So we have seen people go out an extra quarter in some of their ordering patterns due to the current environment. And I think as the supply chain continues to get better what you would see in places like transportation -- and transportation book-to-bill is typically around one. It's not typically 1.1, 1.2. And I think as the supply chain catches up you will see things get more normal and get closer to where they should be as they normalize and the whole supply chain gets better. So I would expect at some time orders will get closer to billings clearly as the supply chain continues to improve and things become better.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you Chris. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Terrence just wanted to follow-up on your comment about order trends by geography. And seem like Europe is kind of the outlier there where you're still -- you're seeing some weakness in the order. So just if you can talk about what you're seeing in terms of the difference there in Europe and the recovery there. And why probably kind of the order trends being kind of an outlier to the other regions? 
Terrence Curtin: No. Honestly, when you look at that, I know it's down by about 7% sequentially. I would say, when you look at that that's more around some of the normal summer shutdowns in transportation. Then I would say, it's a big deceleration. I would say, we continue to see orders even as we're into July stay at elevated levels, because the conditions we're in aren't changing. And I wouldn't say, it's one barometer negative or positive. It's just a little bit slower. And certainly we would normally see that as some of our customers do summer shutdowns in Europe in the automotive space and they are still doing those.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you Samik. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Next question is from William Stein of Truist. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Terrence you mentioned earlier this fact of manufacturing where a car has 30,000 parts or whatever it is and you need all of them to make the car, not just a subset. Even if you're missing a couple you have a problem. It's certainly true in almost all products. In autos though, I'm sure you'd acknowledge that there are cases where these companies can decide, well, there's a feature or two that we can isolate and perhaps decontent it and get a car shipped. We're picking this trend up pretty clearly from multiple sources that we're seeing decontenting going on in order to get around the shortages. I'm wondering if TE is seeing this. If so to what degree? And in particular does it take away from your growth in sort of the next couple of quarters in any way where perhaps a more content-rich car would have provided a better opportunity. But what the company is shipping is something of a smaller content opportunity or vice versa?
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Will, great question. Number one let's face it. The auto manufacturers are being creative because there's consumer demand. And let's face it they want to get the vehicles out. And if there's a feature where they can't get a component, they certainly are taking some of those features out near-term. I would tell you on our revenue while we do see that around certain OEMs that is not having a meaningful effect. Where we play in the core architecture and the electrical network as well as in the backbone in an EV, you may lose a couple of interconnects, but that is not that much from a big-picture content. And even if you look at our content growth this year over production, it's not evident in any way. So I would also say in this type of environment while you have some of that decontenting, they are also being able to add options to it, which we also benefit from. But that isn't meaningful and a big number either. So it would probably impact others more than us. But with our breadth that we have across where we play in the architecture, while they're doing it it's not having a meaningful impact on TE.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you Will. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question from Matt Sheerin of Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, good morning. Terrence, I wanted to just ask about the strength that you're seeing in the communications segment and specifically the cloud business and the margins there. It looked like record margins. So the question is how sustainable is that? And then within the cloud demand side, how diversified are you? I know obviously there's just a handful of really big hyperscale players, but in terms of the diversification and the lumpiness of that business if you could provide more color?
Terrence Curtin: Sure Matt and thanks. So a couple of things. Let me talk about the cloud element and then I'll talk about segment margins. On the cloud element, what's really been nice is -- and those of you that follow us, we very much -- our D&D business years ago, we basically made the strategic decision to get at consumer so we could focus on just high speed. And I remember when we had less than $100 million with our cloud customers. It's well over $300 million today. And our market share at one point in time was with one of the cloud providers. Our market share is pretty even across all the cloud providers and not only the US cloud provider but also globally. So the breadth and the strengthening of it as well as the share gain it's both the growth of the CapEx and their investment but also how our teams executed on share gain as well and bringing important technology to it. And it has been a strong cloud environment. I think I mentioned already close to 20% CapEx growth in cloud. What's nice is next year we still see double digit again. And as you not only get that underlying growth, it goes back to the secular trend around content is content to next generation as new chips come out on those servers we also benefit from our next-generation products from what the content is. So we feel very good with where we're positioned there. When you look at the segment margin performance by the team has been very strong. It's benefited not only by what we've done in cloud. I would also say our appliance business and that global leading position that growth there in that business has also very much contributed to the margin in that segment. So we still think that's a high-teens business through cycle. So with having both segments being very strong -- it's benefiting the margin there. And it's something that as probably appliance normalizes we could have some pressure. But net-net that that segment is above target margins is something we're proud of. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question, please.
Operator: Next question is from Steven Fox. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Terrence and Heath, I was just curious if you could talk about when you start considering some of these supply chain pressures and inflation pressures to be sort of a new normal and how you might change managing your supply chain? How you might change hedging? How your customers might change? And within that context can you just, sort of, give us a baseline for what you're doing on hedging inflation? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Steven, this is Heath. I'll take that. Our biggest input pressures that we have when we talk about things that are impacting our P&L would be around resins and being around certain specialty metals right that we use in our products. In many cases for the metals we do have a hedging program. That generally hedges out about 18 months of our anticipated usage or purchase and subsequent usage. So when we see inflation or deflation relative to the metals that tends to kind of layer in more quietly into our results both directions. So that is unchanged and we'll continue to do that. The bigger issue that we are seeing when we are looking at some of these -- and we throw them into the broader supply chain bucket is we do have local sourcing which is really good. It enables a lot of nimbleness and agility for our businesses whether that's in Asia, Europe or in the Americas to be able to procure product locally versus shipping things around the world. It also has the challenges that when we do have supply chain disruption in a particular location or in a particular region whether that's driven by natural causes like floods or otherwise the situation down in Texas earlier this year where a lot of the chemical companies came offline and put a lot of pressure through the resins and so forth in the Americas. Those types of things when they happen -- or floods in Germany. So when those things happen we still have to be responsive to our customers. So sometimes that means we are then moving some of our supply around the world and that can get very expensive. So the freight costs it's a long-winded way of saying some of the freight costs layer into some of the supply chain pressures as well from us because of some of our structure. For us we're going to continue to take advantage of those local supply chains and we just need to make sure that we have that flexibility going forward. In terms of our ability to manage it and when do we foresee it being part of the new norm I don't know. I mean the semicon doesn't impact us directly, but impacts our customers. So you're probably better equipped to come up with answers to when semicon shortages dissipate. In terms of some of the other things relative directly to us I would say, we're working through those and feel pretty good about how we're ready to jump into FY 2022.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Next question coming from the line of Jim Suva of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And my one question is actually a follow-on to your response Heath that you just gave. And not talking about the semiconductor shortages, but the resins input costs and all that You talked about hedging and such. I'm wondering as shipping costs have been around for a while now, the same amount of time all through COVID and these additional raw material costs. I'm wondering is there come time to start like repricing some of your contracts with customers or put in indexing for raw materials. Or all your answers so far talk more about hedging and dealing with your supply and stuff. So, I'm just wondering is it time to go back to talk to the customer or are we just not there yet. 
Terrence Curtin: No Jim. It's Terrence. Twofold. We've been there quite frankly. So, to sort of go where we are on it across our channel partners, we did a price increase. And this is 20% of our business in January. We just implemented another price increase and we're going to continue to look in this environment. And our direct customers, we are having those discussions right now. We do have metal riders in many of our agreements that are sort of like towers. If you bust out of an area on metal, we have ability to recapture. And then when you deal with resins and freight which are newer, we are having those discussions with our customers. It's very different by industry. And that's what has been going on and that they will layer in at different times. But I feel we are having those discussions real time. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Jim. Next question please?
Operator: Next question coming from the line of Luke Junk of Baird. Your line is open. 
Luke Junk: Thank you. Probably a question for Heath this morning. I was hoping you could walk us through the sequential margin walk in industrial margins, given the step-up that we saw versus first half levels. And also looking forward here, maybe just in the fourth quarter if you could give us any help on what the -- what that margin outlook might look like in industrial specifically?
Heath Mitts: Sure. Well, I mean first of all thanks for the questions. We've been pretty public with the journey that we're on within the industrial segment margins, right? And we started this in the low teens and with the multiyear trajectory through a lot of rooftop consolidations of getting this business into the high teens. We're kind of -- we're in that journey. We made a lot of improvements here in the quarter. Certainly, a couple of the things that industrial benefits from. One, the restructuring activity that has been underway continues. That comes in chunks of time as operations get taken offline. And so, you might have some costs in one quarter before something comes offline. And that tends to create quarter-to-quarter lumpiness, but we smooth it out over a year or longer. You can kind of see that result. The other thing is, and Terrence just hit on this, the industrial segment does benefit from the opportunity on the price side because more of the industrial business goes through distribution. And so fairly large chunks of our industrial segments did have the opportunity to not only do price increases back at the beginning of the calendar year, but in July implemented additional price increases. And that does have more of a near-term benefit for the segment versus some of the other segments where it's more of a direct to OEM relationship and it takes a little bit longer to work that way through. So those are a couple of the pieces. As we look forward in the fourth -- into the fourth quarter, listen, timing on things, you're always going to have that with the business as big and complex as we are. Our Industrial segment, being a $4 billion segment, has a lot of moving pieces. But I feel very good about the trajectory, as we move from the first half to second half or third quarter to fourth quarter. But I think even more importantly, as we work our way into 2022 and beyond, there is still margin upside for the segment and the team is hyper-focused on that, so more to come. Thanks for the question. 
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next question is from Nik Todorov of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nik Todorov: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. I think the near-term dynamics on supply chain are well publicized. But my question is, Terrence, do you see any impact on the longer-term dynamics like design by your customers, specifically in automotive. Do you see any changes in the way they operate or think about design in the current environment? And if you do, what's the impact that you have from these changes on your business? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Two-fold. From a design perspective, when I think about the velocity and even coming through COVID, the velocity did not change during COVID. So, if anything, especially in transportation, specifically on EVs, you see the launches that are happening. You see the innovation that's happening real time. What typically happens with customers, I think, with all of us, is just seeing the pace continues to accelerate, because the consumer expects it. So -- and that's -- that I think not only is in transportation, its everywhere, but it's also how it goes through their supply chain. And also, some of the benefits we get in our industrial business over people's investments, including our own around how their factories have to be more flexible and digitized. When it comes to the question about supply chain design, clearly customers will reflect going through this period of what needs to be different. And the more JIT [ph] you are, they'll probably pick some spots of what do they have to do differently. I would say, we're not seeing anything near term. We don't see people thinking about vertically integrating interconnects versus maybe some other areas, especially in the transition to EV. But what's good is, we're very close to our customers. And hopefully, we can take advantage of it for opportunity for TE versus risk, as they work through it. Because, once again, being with every OEM, we have a pretty good purview, especially in automotive as we go forward. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Nik. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And our last question coming from the line of Rod Lache of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Shreyas Patil: Hey. This is Shreyas Patil on for Rod. Just two quick ones. One, could you help quantify the supply chain impact that you saw in the quarter? I believe last quarter you mentioned it was a $50 million headwind. And then, second, just looking at the year-over-year comparison, I know, it's a bit challenging given the base effect. But it looked like your incremental margin, ex currency, was maybe closer to 40%. And I think in the past you've talked about 30% to 35% incremental margins. So, maybe, just how we should think about that, going forward?
Heath Mitts: Sure. This is Heath. I'll take the question. I think, in the quarter, and Terrence mentioned this earlier, that we quantify the supply chain impact to us and define it more or less as our availability to -- or in some cases, inability to get the input materials that we need. But that impact to us was about $100 million and I would say that probably two-thirds of that would have been in transportation. So our inability to ship was about $100 million that I would quantify on the topline for the supply chain impact. And obviously, the teams are scrambling day by day to recover that and keep customers happy. In terms of the flow-through, listen, the year-over-year flow-through I would -- we're proud of it. We're proud of it when we look at it and not just in the third quarter and anticipated flow-through in the fourth quarter, but also on a year-to-date and full year basis. And we are proud of it. I think yes, I would caution you last -- our compares last year were so far off relative to the severe downtick and that had a disproportionate impact to our margins as well last year. So, when we look at that on the downtick versus the recovery a year later, you're going to see some -- in a quarter -- in a given quarter, you're going to see some outsized numbers. I don't -- I would not want to guide you to reset your expectation that 40% is the new norm for our flow-through. We are still confident in that 30% to 35% number which was up -- which we took up earlier this year due to some of the restructuring activities that have been underway and I think it normalizes into that range. But you're going to have a quarter noise from time to time particularly in a year-over-year basis like we had in the third quarter.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thanks for the question Shreyas. And I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. If you have more questions please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a good morning.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 11:30 A.M. Eastern Time today July 28, 2021 on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That concludes your conference for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal Year 2021. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's second quarter results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thank you Sujal and thank you everyone for joining us today to cover our results for the second quarter as well as our expectations for the third quarter of our fiscal 2021. Before I get into the slides let me give you some perspective on our second quarter and I think as you will see in our results we are continuing to demonstrate the strength of our diverse portfolio and the benefit of content growth across our businesses. We are delivering organic growth ahead of our markets as well as strong operational performance and free cash flow generation. I would say this performance is in a world with an improving economic backdrop that is dealing with global supply chains that are trying to keep up with the broader macro recovery. We are continuing to execute to our business model, and you can see this in our second quarter results, as well as the guidance that we provide for the third quarter and I'll talk about it a little bit more today.  So let me also provide some key messages about today's call. First off, I am very pleased with our execution in the second quarter. We delivered sales growth of 17% and generated record quarterly adjusted earnings per share of a $1.57 and this EPS represents growth of 22% year-over-year. Our sales were ahead of our expectations and it was broad across each segment driven by the continued recovery in most end markets we serve our broad leadership positions and the benefits of the secular trends that we've strategically positioned TE to capitalize on. Also, our adjusted operating margins expanded 80 basis points year-over-year to 17% and this was driven by margin expansion in both our transportation and communications segments. I also believe that you're going to continue to see us demonstrate our strong cash generation and truly evidence of that is our year-to-date free cash flow, which was approximately $1 billion, which is also a company record for the first half of the fiscal year. And as we look into our third quarter, we are expecting our strong performance to continue with sales and adjusted earnings per share at similar levels to what we just delivered in the second quarter.  With that as a little bit of a backdrop I do want to take a moment to frame out the Kurtenbach [ph] environment and our business relative to where we were just 90 days ago when we last spoke. In our transportation segment, consumer demand in autos continues to remain strong and auto production is remaining stable in the range of 19 million to 20 million units per quarter globally, even with the well-documented semi shortages. And we've also seen further strength in our commercial transportation end markets. The trend around content growth remains strong as we continue to benefit from increased electronification of vehicles and higher production of electric vehicles, which will enable us to continue to outperform auto production going forward.  In our industrial segment, we see increased momentum in the recovery of industrial equipment markets due to factory automation and increasing manufacturing capital expenditure trends. Also in our industrial segment, the commercial aerospace and medical businesses are still being impacted by COVID and this is similar to what we mentioned last quarter. But we do continue to see indicators of stability in our orders in both of these businesses. In our communication segment, the market trend we mentioned last quarter are continuing. Consumer demand is getting stronger, and globally we've seen an increase in appliance demand. We continue to see strong ongoing capital expenditure trends in the cloud applications, as well as acceleration of demand around the data center. And when you think about these trends I just covered in our segments as a backdrop, the faster than expected recovery in the markets that I mentioned has resulted in some challenges as the industries we serve replenish their supply chain and look to further secure supply. While this dynamic has benefited our orders, which remain strong, it has called for broader supply chain pressure and the pressure we're experiencing is factored into our expectations for the third quarter guidance and Heath will provide more color on this in his session.  And the last thing I want to highlight is let's remember that we are still in a world that's still on COVID. We continue to see countries go into lockdown again and this is impacting some of our customers and their supply chains. And certainly while vaccines are getting rolled out in certain parts of the world, the pace of the deployment and availability of the vaccines varies greatly by country so some uncertainty remains. Our focus has been and will continue to be on keeping our employees safe while also helping our customers capitalize on the improving economic conditions.  So with that as a backdrop, let me get into the slides and I'd appreciate maybe if you could turn to Slide 3 to provide some additional details for our second quarter and our expectations for the third quarter. Second quarter sales of $3.7 billion were better than our expectations in each of our segments. They were up 17% on a reported basis and 11% organically year-over-year. We have 15% organic growth in our transportation segment with double-digit growth across all businesses. We also had very strong performance in our communications segment with organic growth of 29%, which was strong double-digit growth in both of the businesses in that segment. And in our industrial segment, sales were down 4% organically due to the ongoing weakness in the commercial aerospace market.  From an orders perspective, second quarter orders were $4.6 billion and this was up 36% year-over-year. It reflects both the improvement in the markets that I mentioned, along with inventory replenishment in the supply chain by our customers. Our earnings per share was a record at a $1.57 in the quarter, and this was up 22% year-over-year and was driven entirely by our operating performance, resulting in adjusted operating margins being up 80 basis points year-over-year. I am pleased that we were able to manage the water supply chain pressures which all companies are dealing with and had margin expansion.  From a free cash flow perspective, in the second quarter free cash flow was $477 million, with approximately $340 million being returned to shareholders. As we look forward, we expect our strong performance to continue into the third quarter, with sales on adjusted earnings per share being similar to our second quarter levels. For the third quarter we expect sales to be approximately $3.7 billion, and this is up significantly year-over-year on both a reported and an organic basis and we expect adjusted earnings per share to be a $1.57, which is in line with the levels we just saw in the quarter we just closed.  So let's turn to Slide 4 and I will cover the order trends that we're seeing. As I already stated in the quarter, our orders were very strong at approximately $4.6 billion and we had a book-to-bill of 1.22. Orders in transportation and in communications were up 50% and 45% respectively, and this increase reflects both market recovery and supply chain replenishment in both of those segments. In these segments, customers are not only placing orders to meet current production needs, but also replenishing the supply chains that were depleted during fiscal 2020. I would also highlight that with some of the shortages in semiconductors and certain passive components, we are seeing some areas where customers are placing orders to secure supply beyond our lead times. In our industrial segment, it is a different picture than what we're seeing in transportation and communications. But what is nice is that despite the year-over-year sales decline we had in the segment, we have seen orders growth of 7%, and that's driven by the continued recovery in the industrial equipment market, partially offset by the weakness in commercial aerospace that I mentioned.  Let me also on orders, add some color to what we're seeing organically on a geographic basis. And I'm going to do this on a sequential basis to show where order momentum is. In China our orders were up 3% from a strong base from fiscal quarter one. And that growth was really driven by our industrial and communications segments. Orders on a sequential basis in Europe were up 14% and North America sequential orders were up 22%, and that was broad based growth across all our segments in those two regions.  So let me get into our year-over-year segment results, and they're on Slides 5 through 7. I'm going to touch upon each segment briefly before I turn over to Heath. Transportation sales were up 15% organically year-over-year with growth in each of the businesses. In auto our sales were up 14% organically and year-to-date we are generating content outperformance over production in our expected 4% to 6% range. We continue to benefit from our leading global position and increased production of electric vehicles and as you've probably seen, a number of EV launches are increasing by our customers around the world.  In commercial transportation, similar to our first quarter, we saw 25% organic growth driven by ongoing emission trends, content outperformance, and ongoing share gains. We are continuing to benefit from stricter emission standards and the increased operator adoption of Euro 5 and 6 in China, which reinforces our strong position in that country. We saw growth in all regions in our commercial transportation business, along with double-digit growth in all market verticals that we serve in this business. The other nice thing that we continue to see is we see increased wins on electric power train platforms and trucks which give us confidence about the future content potential in this market in out years. In our sensors business we saw 13% organic growth with growth in all markets and double-digit growth in auto applications. We do continue to expand our design win pipeline in auto sensing and expect growth as these platforms continue to increase in volume. From a margin perspective, adjusted operating margins for this segment, excuse me, expanded 80 basis points to 18.1%, driven by higher volumes versus the prior year and despite the supply chain pressures.  So if we now turn to the industrial segment, as I said earlier, our sales did decline 4% organically year-over-year. During the quarter, this segment continued to be impacted by the decline in the commercial aerospace market with our aerospace, defense, and marine business declining 21% organically year-over-year. As I covered already, based upon the order patterns, we do believe this business is showing signs of stabilization at the current order levels. When you think about our industrial equipment market, it was very strong and up 16% organically with growth in all regions and increasing strength in factory automation applications where we're benefiting from accelerating capital expenditures in areas like semiconductor equipment as well as along the auto manufacturing supply chain.  We continue to see weakness in our medical business in our industrial segment, and it was down 13% organically year-over-year. And this is being driven by ongoing delays and interventional elective procedures caused by COVID and the dynamics we're experiencing in medical are consistent with what our customers are seeing. And we expect this market to return to growth as these procedures start to increase later in the year. And lastly, in the industrial segment, our energy business we saw 4% organic growth and this was driven by increase in penetration of renewables, especially benefiting from solar applications around the world. From a margin perspective in industrial solutions, our margins declined year-over-year to 12.5% and that was really driven by the significant drop in commercial aerospace volumes.  So let me cover the communications segment and in this segment we continue to benefit from both the market recovery and share gains while delivering very strong operational performance. Sales in this segment grew 29% organically year-over-year, with strong growth in both data and devices and appliances. In data and devices our sales grew 24% organically year-over-year due to the strong position we have built in high speed solutions for cloud applications. Favorable secular trends in cloud services are leading to increased capital expenditures by our customers, and our content and share gains are enabling us to grow on cloud related sales at double the market rate. Now, just to give you an example, at one of the major cloud providers, we are now providing 6X the content on the next generation server applications versus the prior generation.  In our appliances business we are also seeing strong growth trends. Sales grew 35% organically year-over-year, driven by our leading global market position, share gains, and ongoing market improvement across all regions. From the margin perspective, our communications segment and team delivered very strong execution in the quarter and delivered 21% adjusted operating margins and these were up 720 basis points versus the prior year. I am pleased with the way our team has worked through the supply chain pressures to deliver these strong operating margin expansion in this environment, and our communication teams are capitalizing on growth trends in their end markets while delivering strong operational execution and you see this reflected in our results.  So with that, let me turn it over to Heath to get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward. 
Heath Mitts: Well thank you, Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q2 financials. Adjusted operating income was 637 million up approximately 23% year-over-year with an adjusted operating margin of 17%. GAAP operating income was 612 million and included 17 million of restructuring and other charges and 8 million of acquisition related charges. We continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization and can change to expect total restructuring charges in the ballpark of 200 million for fiscal 2021. Adjusted EPS was a $1.57 and GAAP EPS was a $1.51 for the quarter and included restructuring, acquisition, and other charges of $0.06. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q2 was approximately 17%. For the third quarter we expect our tax rate to be up slightly sequentially and continue to expect an adjusted effective tax rate around 19% for fiscal 2021. Importantly, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our reported ETR for the full year.  Now turning to Slide 9, sales of 3.7 billion were up 17% versus the prior year and 6% sequentially demonstrating the strength of our portfolio. Currency exchange rates positively impacted sales by 150 million versus the prior year. Adjusted EPS of $1.57 was up 22% year-over-year and 7% sequentially reflecting our strong operational performance. Adjusted operating margins were 17% and expanded 80 basis points versus the prior year. While we would have expected higher fall through on this level of sales growth, we saw impacts of higher freight charges and other supply chain pressures in the quarter and these will continue into the third quarter. And as you are aware, these supply chain issues are having a broader impact on our customers and suppliers as well. As Terrence mentioned, the supply chain is catching up to the increased level of demand we are seeing in many of our end markets and given these dynamics, I'm pleased with the results we delivered in the quarter and our momentum going forward as shown in our third quarter guidance.  In the quarter cash from operating activities was 580 million. We had very strong, free cash flow for the quarter of 477 million and a year-to-date free cash flow that was approximately $1 billion, which is a record for the first half of the fiscal year. We returned approximately 340 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter are strong. Free cash flow performance demonstrates the strength of our cash generation model and we expect to -- and we continue to expect free cash flow conversion to approximate a 100% for the full year. We remain committed to our disciplined use of cash and over time we expect two thirds of our free cash flow to be returned to shareholders and one third to be used for acquisitions.  Before we go to questions, I want to reiterate that we remain excited about how we have positioned our portfolio with leadership positions in the markets we serve along with organic growth and margin expansion opportunities ahead of us. To summarize, the outlook for many of the markets we serve is consistent with what we are seeing 90 days ago, along with some acceleration of growth in the commercial transportation, industrial equipment, and communications markets. We are continuing to see the benefits of secular trends across our portfolio and are capitalizing on these opportunities. The economic recovery has been faster than expected, and we are seeing a corresponding near term pressures in the broader supply chain as a result. These impacts will be resolved and nothing has changed with respect to our growth and margin expansion expectations. We are executing well on things we can control and our outlook for Q3 continues to reflect the strength of our portfolio. We expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow, maintain a disciplined and balanced capital strategy, and drive through our business model performance. And we've remained focused on value creation for our stakeholders going forward.  Now let's open it up for questions. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Heath. Michelle, could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question will come from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Thank you. Question for Terrence, there were a number of references to replenishment on the call. So can you just talk about the strength you are seeing in the business, when customers you think will get caught up on inventory and importantly the type of sell through you're seeing?
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure, thanks Craig and let me -- you see that in our orders and I think one of the things is we're all dealing with a recovery across those markets that are seeing that improved recovery at a faster rate than we all expected. And inventory levels are low. When we see the orders that we see, we do see people trying not only to make -- get the products in for what they want to make, but also to get the supply chains up that ensure that there aren't some of the stresses that we hear about in other components. So when you look at that, I think we're all in the middle of that real time. These are stresses that you get when you have a recovery that's in motion. I do think we need a couple of quarters for that to play out because it is pretty broad based and stocks were taken very low. And even when you think about our channel partners, our channel partners are holding turn levels that are lower than normal, and they're trying to catch up. So it is very broad across those markets that you see the strength in and it will take a couple of quarters to get truly everything probably replenished. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Craig. Could we have the next question please.
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Terrence, you alluded to a few things within the communications segment performance. Can you remind us how much of that is cloud now and are you expecting this growth to sustain here and how sustainable are these margins?
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah, thanks Wamsi. In communications I think one of the things that we have to keep in front of us is it was our segment that was least impacted last year. And so I think that even makes, when you look at the results, that segment has a Puget or more impressive because they didn't have the dip that our transportation segment had when the western world shut down auto production. And so the growth that you see first off is in D&D. It is primarily driven by cloud applications and I think it's both the acceleration of cloud CAPEX in addition to where we position ourselves from a market share perspective and we continue to do a nice job in that team, continuing to build more momentum from a share perspective and that's really driving that growth. The other thing that you have in that segment is our client's business has a great global position, and we're also benefiting from as certainly appliances have accelerated globally around the world. You're seeing the benefit of that business and you're also seeing how globally two businesses are. So certainly I talked about it in orders, but these businesses are very globally balanced and you're seeing the growth. So feel good about the positioning we've done on the top line. I would also say with the volumes that we're at, we would expect that this segment would be higher margin than what we've told you historically. So we always said this was probably middle teen at these types of levels. You'd probably be in the middle higher teens over time. And it just shows that the work that we've done to improve the portfolio here, the trends we have put it around as well as the operational execution team has done. So thanks Wamsi for the question. 
Sujal Shah: Thank you Wamsi. Could we have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Yes, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Terrence, I was wondering if you would maybe solve the deviation between the strength we're seeing on both the book-to-bill and the order number that you put out more so in the June quarter guide, right, I mean, if I think about the book-to-bill of 1.22, I would applaud June quarter guide would be north of 4 billion in revenues. So I would just love to understand what is the delta between the book-to-bill versus your guide? And related to that the orders trends you're talking about, is there any deviation between channel versus OEM there?
Terrence R. Curtin: So let me just take it, I'm going to take your last piece first, if that's okay. When you look at it, the trends where you're seeing the acceleration and also with some of the supply chain stresses, you do see orders in the channel were probably a couple of hundred million higher than what we build. And our channel sales grew similar to what the total company grew. So you do see the channel partners trying, their inventories are low, they're trying to catch up. But I wouldn't say it's different than what we're seeing direct. It is about how do we make sure the supply chain levels to support this faster recovery get into place. When you look at our book-to-bill of 1.22, as you all know, this is not a business that's typically a backlog business and what we're seeing because things were so depleted, you have customers that are sitting out there not only getting orders for production, but also trying to replenish and there's pain points in the world. So, there's certain product sets that we have some constraints on. There's pain points on some of our input materials and Heath talked about some of the pressures on inflation side. So I think what you have is the orders are a lot higher than our guidance and our guidance is really the things that we see we're going to schedule out and deliver. And, it will normalize over time that there'll be more check, but right now you have a supply chain replenishment going on after COVID in 2020. It took a lot of supply chains to a full-stop. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from Joseph Spak from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joseph Spak: Thank you very much. If we look at the actual incrementals in the quarter and compare that to sort of that low 30s, that delta is about $50 million. So is that order of magnitude what you sort of experienced from logistical headwinds? And then I know you mentioned that could continue, so maybe you could talk about some of the puts and takes on the margin as we head into your fiscal third quarter?
Heath Mitts: Sure. Joseph, this is Heath, I'll take the question. You're right on with your assumption. We would have expected these volume levels to be north of 30% flow through as we've talked about. And so the delta on a year-over-year basis to where we came in, probably puts you into that type of number in terms of, in terms of the flow through and then the impact that it had on margins. As we work our way through the year, there's certain things that will continue that we will continue to expect to feel the pressure on, whether that's free charges, freight inflation, or inflation on input materials otherwise. What the team is hammering through those, and we have different levers that we can pull to pass some of those things along as well as where we deal with the timing issues on some of that. But I would expect our margins to modestly improve as we work our way forward here into the third and fourth quarter, based on some of the actions that are underway and our ability to combat some of the inflationary pressures out there.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from Chris Snyder from UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. My question is on EV wins and the pipeline of demand coming to market. Just given the increased focus on high voltage, are you seeing better share relative to ICE and for these new awards, should we expect initial unit production will carry a CPV above 120 until scale is reached?
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah, no thanks. So a couple of things let's remember that our share is very heavy on a leading position in what we do already. So I wouldn't say share is higher, I would say it's in line with our leading share across automotive and transportation. What is ICE and you talked about it is where do you see the momentum around EV and, just if we went back a few years, it was 5 million electric vehicles if you take pure electric and hybrid. This year we think it's going to be closer to 10 million vehicles. And you see Europe continuing with the emission programs there, certainly Asia has always been strong in there, and these are both regions that we have very strong presence. So when we think about content, what's nice is EV continue to see the adoption, you see the new models coming out, the models are much more attractive than the consumer acceptance of those strong. And it pulls in line with our overall content growth and the CPV. We do expect to be that 2X on those high voltage, because what happens with our train. So it is one of the things that with an improving recovery, the secular trends of where we positioned TE whether it's the electric vehicle in the car. And as I talked about in my script was we also are seeing innovation along the heavy truck fleet that is becoming more platform driven, they are going to have more model launches probably out in the 2025, 2026, and that's going to be a content driver and we have wins on those. So those secular trends, in the backdrop of an improving economy just creates more growth opportunity for us. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from Samik Chatterjee from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Great, thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to ask an automotive as well. You had strong results in automotive, despite the uncertainty we're seeing there with the same kind of shortages, just wanted to Terrence what are you hearing from your automotive -- in terms of how they want to manage the supply chain, are they still sticking to the model or are they ordering ahead and when to start expect some of these shortages in terms of impact on production to start to moderate?
Terrence R. Curtin: Well, I think when every OEM, number one is happy with where the consumer is showing up. And if we were here six months from now, while we were ramping, one of the things we talked about is the consumer showing up. And I think that's just great for the industry and our OEMs are trying to work through the supply chain pressures, at a bigger extent than even we're dealing with. So, what was nice and certainly semiconductors are the big news out there and it is very well documented. Now that impacted production a little bit less than a million units in quarter two. I think it's going to be a similar number in quarter three, but global auto production, staying in that 19 million to 20 million unit range. And what's nice is probably this year auto production will be back to 2019 levels, and that's a little bit quicker than we would have said six months ago. So the OEMs are very much working hard to get the cars out to the consumers. We're all working very much together knowing that right now, as it's ramping back up to a very high level, and we're all trying to make sure how do we keep the OEMs going. And so the discussions today are very much around how do we work together to make sure our OEM customers get to capitalize on this opportunity. And yeah, there is a lot of volatility right now due to the supply chain. And I think we're going to have to continue to work through that, through the rest of our fiscal year. 
Sujal Shah: Alright. Thank you Samik. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. And thanks very much for taking the question. Heath, you reiterated the view that free cash flow conversion for this year could be approximately 100% of net income. Can you talk about whether or not there's anything unusual benefiting free cash flow conversion this year and recognize there's going to be some puts and takes in any given year going forward, but is that the right type of approximate level to be expecting on free cash flow conversion going forward? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Well Mark, thanks for the question. I think we've -- one of the things that as I look at the free cash flow and the components and leverage we get to pull there, there as we've worked our way through the last few years, one of the things you have seen is CAPEX as a percentage of sales, moderated a bit more closer to that 5% number versus higher we were running a couple of three years ago. That capacity that we have put in place is certainly we are benefiting from that now. And particularly as we move forward, I think that number of 5%, maybe tad under that this year is helpful in terms of how that converts cash flow. The other thing that we obviously benefit from is the way we manage our tax structure and our ability to pay our cash tax rate being much lower than well below our ETR. And so there's a few of those types of things, but working capital this year has been a good story for us and our ability to maintain receivable days and payable days, improving year-upon-year despite this volatile environment has been good. So nothing unusual in our FY21 numbers or outlook from a cash flow perspective. I continued to -- we continue to monitor it and we're not starving the businesses for investments. The organic revenue growth gets first priority as you can imagine. So we feel good about how we have positioned that and going forward now, if there's a year coming forward that we have a more significant step up in terms of an investment or restructuring or something, we will highlight that. But, I think we are in a good position right now. 
Sujal Shah: Alright. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Giordano from Cowen. Your line is open.
Joseph Giordano: Hey good morning.
Terrence R. Curtin: Hey Joe.
Joseph Giordano: [Technical Difficulty]. Just if I look back in auto last year in the 2Q, I think you had some 40 basis points of benefit from supply chain replenishment then. So if I look at the results from this quarter, and I assume that you grew kind of like in your 600 basis points above production, like, is that how I should think about this, that supply chain this quarter was like 900 basis points, and it should still be like a pretty favorable number for the next few quarters? 
Terrence R. Curtin: I think it's very difficult to just look at content in one quarter, Joe and you're right. With last year in this quarter, we did have supply chain benefit, because we saw people sort of getting into COVID, we were rolling out trying to secure supply. You need to look at it over a longer term. And, I think that's the more appropriate way to look at it. As we said on last quarter, and when we sort of look at mix of vehicles this year, we sort of view we should be in the mid 70s, without supply chain effects this year. And that's something that is, if you look at what's driven that versus the lower to mid-60s a few years ago, half of that is due to our positioning around electric vehicle, and certainly data has autonomy. Infrastructure gets put in the car. And then the other half is just electronification as our core products that continues to be sourcing as the car gets more features on it. So I still think this year without supply chain we are in that same figure we told you last quarter. I think when you get into where supply chains are trying to move in, it is difficult to get it into one number in a quarter.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Your line is open. 
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys.
Terrence R. Curtin: Hey Scott.
Scott Davis: How do you handle, how are the contracts handled when you have kind of these excess orders, no double ordering or folks that are want more, I mean, can you get additional price and help offset some of the cost issues and such?
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure, so on pricing Scott, so when you think about in distribution it was about 20% of our business. We did price increases and we do them every six months. We did some in January, we have other ones rolling out in July for some of the inflation pressures. What we do have with some of our larger customers, metal writers that have adjusters for metal. So as he talked about, we do expect modest margin expansion as we go into the third quarter. Some of it is as those things kick in, as we continue to try to manage through it. So it is very different by the markets we plan. But there will be price increases aligned with how we have the mechanisms sorted with our customers. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Scott. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Higher level question on industrial automation cycle, how you see that shaping up. The comparisons and the macro are helping you but during COVID, a lot of people learn to do more with personnel disruptions and robotics has been pretty emerging category. I'm wondering if you're seeing the makings of an automation super cycle in terms of investment over the next handful of years? 
Terrence R. Curtin: What I would tell you is if you went back, certainly last year, that space got hit. And the year before that it wasn't a positive cycle. There were elements around auto production going down that were impacting as well. What we see and what we see it pretty consistently globally, you're going to have many semiconductor manufacturing equipment that's accelerating. You're seeing the investments around the auto supply chain, you see a lot of those around the electric vehicle and the battery side of it. Certainly warehousing is no surprise either. So what we have seen pretty consistently, globally, is an acceleration that last quarter, we told you, we saw some emerging, fine to hope we really saw an acceleration this quarter. And I do think just with the backdrop we're in, I do think you're going to have a positive cycle here around automation investment. As people see an economic recovery that continues, and let's face it, the two markets where we haven't seen it, are in Comair and medical which were both impacted by COVID. Where we play in medical, so I do think you could have a stronger like here of an industrial capital equipment cycle that's stronger coming out of COVID. 
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And your next question comes from David Kelly from Jeffries. Your line is open.
David Kelly: Hi, thanks. And good morning, Terrence, Heath, and Sujal. A quick follow up question on the prior distribution channel exposure, just hoping you could maybe give us a deeper sense of the order trends there and if you don't mind, can you remind us of your distribution mix within communications and our struggles as well? 
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure, when you take our distribution mix, it is about 20% of the total company. But what you do have that mix is higher in our industrial segment, as well as our CS segment. Now, in those cases you're up 40% plus. In automotive, there's not a lot of distribution, that's a direct just in time, you don't have that. So you do have higher weightings in communications and industrial. And, our revenue growth was in line with the total company revenue growth, sort of mid-teens. But we did see our book-to-bill in that area was higher meant total company, it was more like a 150 book-to-bill. And their inventory levels are low. And it's not surprising with as the world accelerated people are trying to secure inventory. They're also trying to rebuild their inventory levels to more appropriate turn. So the book-to-bill was very strong there. And I just think it's another positive sign of an improving economy and certainly as we look forward. 
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you, David. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Suva from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And Terrence, in your prepared comments, you made a comment about the orders being stronger than your lead times. When there's chip shortages and the lead times are stretching out, you normally see that a lot. So can you just help us kind of bridge why would customers be ordering a lot more beyond your lead times, is it just inventory replenishment or do you think that they're fearful of more supply chain issues because if your lead times are normal, it seems like they could just put in normal orders versus stretched lead times? Thank you. 
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah Jim, couple of things. So let's realize in automotive it's adjustment type system, there really isn't lead times. So in that part of our business, it is just in time. And the rest of our business our lead times are four to six weeks. When typical, we do have some pain points and I would probably say in some areas, we're a little bit further out than that, but not anywhere close to some of the semis. I think you do have replenishment going on, people did take volumes down to down low and the economy is doing better. In addition, people see semis and some other passives having shortages. It isn't surprising that people are saying, hey, I want to make sure I get my orders on to make sure I don't get surprised and other components and tier two products. So, I think that's why you see what's happening with distribution. I think it's also in some of those markets that are very hot, that you see that happening and honestly, our lead times arent moving out significantly, except in very finite product sets where we have some pain points. 
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you Jim. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Luke Junk from Baird. Your line is open.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Terence I was hoping you could discuss some of the key opportunities in your energy business as it relates to the proliferation of electric vehicles, increasingly an area that we're getting questions on, if you could just speak to the role that key has to play in terms of grid hardening, which of course is in focus on the Texas storms this winter, renewables mentioned in your comments and similar?
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah, so on our energy business in our industrial segment, it is important where we play in that is really along the grid. It is very much around the electrical infrastructure and it is very global. And, the key factors that really drive growth there is hardening as you said, but also where we pivoted our portfolio and our team has done a nice job has been, how do we get our share when you deal with wind applications where you have very high voltage connections that need to come back and hook into the grid, as well as the solar applications, which are not in panel connections, but really taking the energy that comes off the solar grid into the core grid. And what's nice is, the growth that we've seen in our energy business that has been pretty consistent over the past year is really due to our repositioning around renewables. Historically, this would have been a very slow growth business where you have seen it, you saw the 4% this quarter, and that exposure of those renewables is really driving the growth there. And certainly how EV is driving into energy usage would also benefit that. So we are benefiting from all the carbon neutral initiatives on the planet. And certainly, how do we make sure we get our fair share with our pretty broad product set to make sure those connections in those grid occur is what we get excited about. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thanks Luke. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from Nik Todorov from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nikolay Todorov: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Terrence, we've seen some reports that some auto OEMs are doing much better than others in the current environment, because they have shifted away from just in time over the years. As we deal with broader supply chain issues and I know that's more on the semi side but how do you see customer inventory policy on the auto side changing, do you see any structural shift away from just in time?
Terrence R. Curtin: What I would tell you is, with what we're dealing with currently, we're trying to meet demand. We have not seen significant shifts. Do the OEMs reflect after this, it'll be interesting. I think that'll be a discussion we have with our customers, but right now our customer is really focused on making sure they get product out the door. And, in some cases, just realize we don't have some of the production lead time that a semiconductor company would have when they think about their fab. So, what we do is different. But certainly there's stress and strain in the system. And some of the tier 1s that are also in that equation, play a pretty big role not just the OEMs and they took inventory levels down very low. And that's what we're all trying to catch up on. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Nik. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And your next question comes from William Stein from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Terrence, I think it was you who used the word inflation to describe something that's happening to at least part of your costs. Maybe it was Heath, but whomever takes it is fine, I'd like you to maybe tell us about whether that's something that you're seeing in input costs, material costs for example or labor or if it's just supply chain related costs. And I think you also noted that you'd expect this to be clawed back over time, is that through essentially a deflation in those costs or is it something you think you're going to be able to pass on to customers? Thank you. 
Heath Mitts: William, this is Heath. I will take the question. Certainly, we're feeling the biggest inflation right now is on the freight side. The freight inflation has been significant as we battled through there and there's a variety of reasons for that, including higher air freight and so forth in terms of that. And that's not unique to TE. Certainly, I think that's been well publicized across the overall supply chain. We are as we move towards the second half of our year, we are seeing a little bit higher input costs, particularly with resins and some of that's pretty directly attributable to the weather issues that were in Texas here earlier, this past quarter. And then copper prices as we've continued to monitor those, we've seen those creep up. Now in some cases, we have hedges in place in terms of how we hedge our metals cost. So you don't see -- you see that kind of layering a little bit slower in and out of the P&L, as we hedge about 50% of our exposure out about 18 months for metals. So, as we get through their labor costs is not a major issue on the inflation side, but labor availability in certain places that are still being more impacted by COVID continues to drive some inefficiencies, and there's no doubt whether that's in Mexico or in Central Europe and otherwise. We still are battling through where -- COVID where we have significant operations, and that's evermore around availability than inflation.  In terms of the callback, I think Terrence outlined it a couple questions ago, in some cases, we have contractual ability to do that in terms of passing through writers, as we've seen inflation come in more aggressively. In some cases, it's a broader pricing discussion with a customer and then within channel, certainly, we will utilize the ability to take prices up, tie with inflation for that piece of the business. And then, depending upon the business, there's surcharges and different types of mechanisms that are put in place. But I'd say the timing issue is a portion of it. There's no way I'm going to sit here and say, we're going to claw back 100% of what we're pounding through right now. But we also have productivity engines in place to help offset some of these things. So more to come. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yeah thanks. Good morning, everyone. My question is around the industrial solutions area, particularly how we should be thinking about operating margin going forward. You were down year-over-year, for reasons you talked about particularly weakness in the aerospace area. Sounds like that's bottoming, it sounds like you're continuing to see growth in the broader industrial market. So what should we be thinking about a margin expansion from here, I know you've been targeting high teens, is it a function of volumes here or there's still some restructuring benefits that we should be expecting? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Matt, this is Heath. I will take the question, and thank you. Well, first of all nothing has changed in terms of our outlook as we've been on a multi-year journey to get the footprint right in the industrial segment. And that involves reduction of consolidation of a lot of rooftops, nothing has changed there in terms of our multi-year plan to get to mid to high teens operating margins. Certainly within the quarter we were impacted by a very -- by the mix of businesses where the growth or lack of growth is coming from commercial aerospace is a very profitable piece of the segment. And as that's down, year-over-year, that it has a pinch point in terms of margins. However, there's other things that factor into this as well, in terms of how we think about the restructuring that's going on, in some cases when we do have costs ahead of some of the savings as we're moving factories into new locations. In addition, the segment was not immune from some of the supply chain challenges. So a variety of things. I am confident as we move into the second half of our year that we will see improvement there. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I might have misinterpreted this, but it sounded like you mentioned, market share gains more than normal. I was just curious if there's any common thread across while you're gaining share or if there's anything you would point to within the different segments that are driving share gains? Thanks. 
Heath Mitts: No, what I would say Steve, I don't -- I think one of the things that's important is we did want to highlight those areas where we do feel their share gain, not just marking improvement. And there are areas that I think we've differentiated during COVID, where they created some opportunities. And I think you see that in both units in the CS segment. Certainly, in regard to our industrial transportation business and how we have continued to gain share there. So there's some of the bigger highlights, but we did want to make sure in those areas, not only market recovery, we also had -- took advantage of market share in some key markets that are also contributing to our results. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Lache from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Shreyas Patil: Hey, this is Shreyas Patil on for Rod. You talked about -- you mentioned the content opportunity that you're seeing in battery electric vehicles versus ICE it's about a 2X opportunity. And I think in the past, you've talked about $60 of content on an ICE vehicle, increasing 120 on [indiscernible]. But with certain programs, it seems like you're actually -- the actual content on those vehicles is much higher. So I'm trying to get a sense of amongst the programs that you're either -- that you're winning, how do you think about the content on those vehicles, how should we be thinking about that and what's the opportunity there going forward? 
Terrence R. Curtin: When the vehicles are winning, one of the things that you have long as the architecture, continues to get scaled and aligned. There is a broader breadth of content per vehicle on electric vehicles for us, and you sort of have on a traditional ICE, and that we get excited about that. And, there are some new electric vehicles, it's the traditional 2X and there's some that are much higher, where our customers have asked us to do more. So there is a broader breadth, and you have on a traditional ICE or in a traditional ICE it really comes down to feature set. But what's nice is the number of EVs that you see are accelerating. And at TE what we get really excited about is, as this continues the need to scale to make sure these vehicles are affordable for all consumers, not just on the higher end, that's where we continue to provide scale. And we've always said that, as we think through price as it scales, some of these very high CPV elements we have talked about will come down a little bit because they have to for the affordability of the cars. And that's assumed in all our content assumption. So feel very good about the adoption that it is as global as it is, I think it really stood the test to COVID. But also is when you look at how the architecture of the car needs to continue to scale. That's what we get excited about because automotive is still a scale business. And I think we've proved that with our leading position in what we've done on the ICE and what's nice is our ICE products carry over, because they're mainly in the electrical architecture that carries over into the EV. So there isn't real cannibalization, because the power train is not as big from electrical side from an ICE, it just goes way up when you get to a EV or hybrid. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from David Williams from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
David Williams: Hey, good morning, and thanks for letting me ask the question. Wanted to ask maybe on the mix shift from the automotive OEMs. Obviously, they have pivoted to the higher end, maybe even more luxury vehicles. As we see that shift mix maybe move back towards a mid-range to lower range vehicles as the semi shortage eases, how do you think that impacts maybe revenue and a margin impact there? 
Terrence R. Curtin: Well, when you look at that, certainly the OEMs are getting to make the vehicles they want to make and they make money off. And I think that's one of the things that are nice about this improving economy. But I would also say many of the OEMs are also have changed their platform pretty dramatically about what vehicles and platforms they make. So certainly when you have increased options that are put on cars, we will get a little bit of benefit and content in our traditional product. And that's what ebbs and flows over time. And I would also make sure we take a global perspective of it. I know that very much in the U.S. there's a view of a pickup trucks and that has more content but when you think about TE, you need to really think globally. And some of those trends aren't as real elsewhere in the world as they may be in the North American market. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, David. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thanks for taking my follow-up. Terrence, I was wondering if you could comment, I know it's still early days but if you could comment on any puts and takes associated with the infrastructure plan, particularly given the amount of investment in EV infrastructure or how that might be a tailwind for TE versus any potential tax headwinds from the proposed tax hikes? Thank you. 
Terrence R. Curtin: Well, on both sides of those equations, obviously, there's a lot of things out there. So, sizing that today is very difficult, though, when that there is a lot of things being thrown around. So let's just keep that as an overlay. But I think if you think about any infrastructure, how could that benefit TE I think is important. And, certainly I answered a question earlier about energy infrastructure. Certainly there's investments that have to happen there that would benefit our energy business. If you get infrastructure put in for battery electric capacity in North America versus relying on other parts of the world, certainly our factory automation team would do it. And any other infrastructure, I think that the other benefit should be is and we've been very clear on it, we only view acceleration of electric vehicles in Asia and Europe, are going to happen quicker than the United States, because there has not been as much government support around getting those vehicles adopted. So that could also benefit our auto business.  So they're just some of the bigger elements, and then you get in your traditional infrastructure where you would have a very strong position in commercial transportation depending upon what happens with roads, and if that creates a machinery cycle. We would participate very well on increases around certainly the heavy equipment side due to our industrial transportation. But there's some of the positives that could occur. Certainly, we got to see how the bills and the plan shake out. I will let Heath handle packs and I'll hand it off to him for that piece of it. 
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Terrence. Yeah, and Wamsi you probably recall, on the tech side again, there's a lot of things that are still to be determined. But as you recall, when the last tax reform, lower the corporate rate, it didn't have a big impact on us, given our structure and where we're domiciled and where our profit pools lie. So, early look at any of these proposal kind of indicate we probably wouldn't have that much of an impact on us in the other direction, either. So, more to come as things get solidified there, but I think it's important to look at not just the impact there, but where we pay cash taxes. And so not a huge concern at this point, but stay tuned. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, we have no further questions. I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call this morning. And if you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 11:30 AM Eastern time today, April 21, 2021 on the investor relations portion of TE Connectivitys website. This will conclude your conference for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity First Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal Year 2021. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's first quarter results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thanks Sujal, and thank you everyone for joining us today to cover our results for our first fiscal quarter and also our expectations for our second fiscal quarter of 2021. Before I get into the slides, I would like to share some perspective on our first quarter. As you will see in the results, we are benefiting from our diverse portfolio and are continuing to execute on our margin expansion plans. While markets have been very dynamic over the past year, we are seeing improving conditions across the majority of them. Against this backdrop, we are demonstrating not only the resiliency of our operations, but also the ability to drive organic content growth ahead of our markets whilst expanding operating margins and demonstrating strong free cash flow generation that is in line with our business model. We are positioned to continue to benefit from secular trends and growing markets while driving the margin expansion plans that we've highlighted to you, and you'll see the benefit of these efforts in our first quarter results, as well as our guidance for the second quarter.  With that as a quick backdrop let me now frame out some of the key messages of today's call. First, I am very pleased with our execution in the first quarter and I believe our teams delivered strong results. We delivered sales growth of 11% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 21% year-over-year, demonstrating the strength and diversity of the portfolio and the benefits from our operational improvements. Our sales were ahead of our expectations in each segment, but with the greatest outperformance in transportation, where we continue to generate strong content growth from electrification of the powertrain as well as increased data in the vehicle. Our adjusted operating margins expanded 190 basis points year-over-year to 17.7%, with margin growth in both transportation and our communications segment and a slight decline in our industrial segment where we maintain mid-teens margin performance despite a sales decline.  We continue to demonstrate our strong cash generation model with our quarter one free cash flow being at a first quarter record of approximately $530 million. We continue to expect approximately 100% free cash flow conversion to adjusted net income for this fiscal year. And as we look to our second quarter, we are expecting our strong performance to continue. We expect sales and adjusted earnings per share, similar to the first quarter at approximately $3.5 billion of revenue and a $1.47 in earnings per share. And like in the first quarter, we again expect double-digit sales and adjusted earnings per share growth year-over-year.  Now, I'd like to take a moment to discuss our performance relative to where our markets were in the pre-COVID timeframe of our fiscal 2019. And we do hope this will provide a baseline for evaluating our performance and progress this year. At the overall company level, our revenue is approximately back to pre-COVID levels, despite the majority of our markets being below 2019 levels and I'd like to give you some color by the three different segments. In our communications segment, we have seen strong improvement in our end markets and this has helped enable sales to recover above pre-COVID levels and for example, in Data & Devices as well as in appliances, we're benefiting from continued data center build outs and home investments respectively. In our industrial segment, it is a very different environment. We have markets that continue to remain weak as a result of COVID impacts, commercial air, and medical markets and our sales are still well below pre-COVID levels. However, what we are seeing is it does look like order patterns are indicating that we could be touching along the bottom in both of these businesses and we could see some improvements later in the year. And in our transportation segment our auto and commercial transportation businesses are now generating revenue above the levels we saw prior to COVID even though global auto and truck production is still forecasted to be below fiscal 2019 levels. Content growth and share gains have driven the outperformance, reflecting our leadership position in these markets. TE products and technology are designed in the next generation of sustainable vehicles at every leading OEM worldwide. The real proof of the traction is our content per vehicle progression. In fiscal 2019, our content per vehicle in auto was in the low 60s and it's now trending into the low 70s range. As consumer adoption increases for hybrid and electric vehicles and we continue to bring more innovation to our customers, we expect our content per vehicle to expand into the 80s over time. What's surprises is consumer preference continue to drive the features and the technology and we will continue to benefit as vehicles become more safe, green, and connected, driving more content for connector and sensing solutions. While I am pleased with our results and the progress that we've made operationally, I'm even more excited about the sales growth and margin expansion opportunities that we still have ahead of us. We continue to execute on our margin expansion plans in transportation and industrial that we started prior to COVID and accelerated during the pandemic. I'm also very proud of the margin progression in communications, which has offset the volume related pressure that we're seeing in industrial as a result of the market impacts due to COVID.  So now if we could turn to the slides and I'd ask you to turn to Slide 3 to provide some additional details for the first quarter and our expectation for the second quarter. Quarter one, sales of $3.5 billion were better than our expectations, up 11% on a reported basis and 6% organically year-over-year. We had 12% organic growth in both transportation and in communications with growth across all businesses in those two segments. Industrial segment sales were down 8% organically due to the COVID related impacts I already talked about. During the quarter, we saw orders of $4 billion and this was up 25% year-over-year, reflecting an improvement in the majority of the end markets we served and I'll come back to orders in a couple of slides.  From an earnings per share perspective our adjusted earnings per share was a $1.47. This was up 21% year-over-year. It is a strong operational performance where we showed adjusted operating income being up approximately 25% year-over-year. As we look forward, we expect our strong performance to continue into our second quarter with sales on adjusted earnings per share being similar to first quarter levels, despite lower sequential auto production. For the second quarter, we expect sales to be approximately $3.5 billion and this is up approximately 10% year-over-year on a reported basis and mid-single-digits organically. Similar to our first quarter, year-over-year growth will be driven by transportation and communications, partially offset by an organic decline in industrial. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be approximately a $1.47 in the second quarter and this will be up 14% year-over-year with adjusted operating margin expansion included in the earnings performance.  So if you could let me turn to Slide 4 and I'll get into order trends that we're seeing. For the first quarter, our orders were approximately $4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.15. I would like to highlight that this level of orders reflects improvements in a number of our end markets as well as some supply chain replenishment. As we see markets improving, it is not surprising that our orders reflect the impact of supply chains being replenished after the shutdowns that occurred in the U.S. and Europe in the third quarter of last year. We are also seeing customers placing advanced orders in some cases due to product constraints and the broader electronic component categories like semiconductors and certain passive components. And the guidance that we give does factor in the impacts of these supply chain dynamics. And looking at orders by segment, on a year-over-year basis, transportation and communication orders both grew 36% with broad based growth across all businesses. Industrial orders declined slightly year-over-year but on a sequential basis, we did see orders grow in all businesses in each segment.  So let me also add some color on what we're seeing in orders from a geographic perspective and I'll provide this on an organic basis. In China our orders were up 33% in the first quarter, with growth driven by transportation and communications. We are benefiting from our strong position in auto, commercial transportation, and appliances and continue to see strong improvement across those markets in China. We also saw 26% year-over-year growth in Europe with growth in all segments. This represents a second consecutive quarter of orders growth in Europe, with some markets improving following the large drops from COVID back in the middle of last year. And in North America, our orders were flat with growth and transportation and communications being offset by declines in industrial.  Now, what I'd like to do is touch upon our segment results briefly and I'll cover those on Slide 5 through 7, those slides to issue. Starting with transportation our sales were up 12% organically year-over-year with growth in each one of our businesses. In auto sales were up 11% organically versus global auto production growth in the low single digits. The outperformance is driven by continued strong content growth and some benefit from the supply chain replenishing. We are seeing gains from our leadership position in next generation products and technology and the value that we bring to our customers. As I mentioned earlier, we are seeing strong content growth from the move to an electric powertrain and increased data connectivity, as well as the continued electrification of the vehicle.  In our commercial transportation business, we saw 25% organic growth driven by electronification trends which are helping content outperformance as well as ongoing share gains. We are also benefiting from higher emission standards and new increased operator adoption of Euro 5 and 6 in China and new emission standards in India. We saw growth in all regions, as well as all market verticals that we serve in our commercial transportation business and continue to benefit from our strong position in China. We are also seeing increased program wins in the electric power train and commercial transportation that will provide future content growth. In sensors, we saw 29% growth on a reported basis, which included the revenue contribution from the First Sensor acquisition. On an organic basis, sales increased 3%, driven by growth in auto applications. And we continue to expand our design win pipeline in auto sensing and expect growth of these platforms continue to increase in volume. From an operating margin perspective, the segment expanded margins by 200 basis points to 19.4%, driven by strong operational performance.  Now, let me move over to the industrial segment where, as I mentioned, our sales declined 8% organically year-over-year and our adjusted operating margins were down slightly to 13.5%, despite the 8% organic sales decline. I am very proud we were able to maintain our mid-teens adjusted operating margins due to the cost actions that we initiated over the past couple of years. During the quarter, the segment continued to be impacted by the decline in the commercial aerospace market, with our AD&M business declining 22% organically. As I mentioned earlier, we do believe we're touching along the bottom in this business and could see improvement in Comm Air later in this year.  Our industrial equipment business was up 8% organically with growth in all regions and strength in factory automation applications. And we continue to see weakness in our medical business with ongoing delays and interventional elective procedures that have been caused by COVID. We anticipate this to be a short-term dynamic in medical that is consistent with what our customers are saying and expect this market to return to growth as these procedures start to increase later in the year. And lastly, in our energy business, we saw a 4% organic decline driven by COVID impact on utility spending but we did see growth in renewable energy applications and the wind and solar applications. Now, let me turn to the communications segment where our sales grew 12% organically year-over-year with growth in both Data & Devices as well as appliances. We do continue to benefit from the recovery in China and Asia more broadly, which represents over half of our sales in the segment. In Data & Devices our sales grew 5% organically year-over-year due to the strong position we built in high speed solution for cloud applications and in appliances, we grew 21% organically year-over-year with growth across all regions and benefits from home investments and an improved housing market. I would have to say our communication team continues to perform very well delivering 17.6% adjusted operating margins, which is up 550 basis points versus the prior year. Now, with that segment overview, let me turn it over to Heath who will get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward. 
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q1 financials. Adjusted operating income was 624 million approximately 25% year-over-year, with an adjusted operating margin of 17.7%. GAAP operating income was 448 million and included 167 million of restructuring and other charges and 9 million of acquisition related charges. We plan for the restructuring to be front end loaded this year and continue to expect total restructuring charges in the ballpark of 200 million for fiscal 2021 as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the fixed cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was a $1.47 and GAAP EPS was $1.13 for the quarter and included a tax related benefit of $0.09. We also had restructuring, acquisition and other charges of $0.43, that reconciliation has provided. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q1 was approximately 20%. For the second quarter, we expect our tax rate to be in the high teens and continue to expect an effective tax rate of around 19% for fiscal 2021. Importantly, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our reported ETR for the full year.  So if you'll turn to Slide 9. Sales of 3.5 billion were 11% -- were up 11% on a reported basis and up 6% on an organic basis year-over-year. Currency exchange rates positively impacted sales by 106 million versus the prior year. We are demonstrating our business model execution with adjusted EPS of $1.47, up 21% year-over-year. Adjusted operating margins were 17.7% as I mentioned earlier, and that is an expansion of 190 basis points versus prior year. I am pleased with the progress we are making in driving improvements to our cost structure and our strong operational performance. And we continue to execute on our footprint consolidation and cost reduction plans in both transportation and industrial. And we are now benefiting from the heavy lifting that we've already completed in our communications segment. Transportation adjusted operating margin was 19.4%, which is nearing our business model target of 20%. Industrial adjusted operating margins remained in the mid-teens despite significant volume drops, which demonstrates the benefits of our cost actions we have been discussing with you over the past few years. I'm also very pleased with the 17.6% adjusted operating margin in communication, which reflects our strong operational execution that I mentioned earlier.  In the quarter, cash from continuing operations was 640 million, and we have very strong cash flow for the quarter of approximately 530 million, which represents a first quarter record as Terrence mentioned. And we returned 286 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our strong cash flow performance last year and into the first quarter of this year demonstrates the strength of our cash generation model and we continue to expect free cash flow conversion to approximate 100% for the full year. We remain committed to our disciplined use of cash and over time we expect two thirds of our free cash flow to be returned to shareholders and about a third to be used for acquisitions.  And before we go on to questions, I want to reiterate that we remain excited about how we positioned our portfolio with leadership positions in the markets we serve, along with organic growth and margin expansion opportunities ahead of us. To summarize, we have discussed the benefits of secular trends across our portfolio. You are seeing content growth enabling sales performance above our markets in auto and commercial transportation, benefits from market recovery and Data & Devices and appliances and some markets that have been impacted by COVID in the industrial segment that are now showing signs of stabilization. We initiated cost actions well ahead of the COVID downturn and we're seeing strong margin expansion as a result of our efforts. We expect to continue to generate strong cash flow, maintain a disciplined and balanced capital strategy and drive to business model performance, our focus on value creation for our stakeholders going forward. So now let's open this up for questions. Sujal, Sherryl could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach. You may now ask your question.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you and Terrence, thanks for the color on the current supply chain dynamic. If you can just expand on that, I know there's plenty of news around kind of bottlenecks out there, you mentioned semiconductors, just kind of a gauge of how you would frame what you're seeing in your business versus the demand out there and where we are in this kind of replenishment phase?
Terrence R. Curtin: Hey, thanks Craig. And I would say, first of all, I think like many things COVID, the recovery is very uneven and it's impacting different businesses differently. So, the comments I made were very much around transportation. And markets that are soft like industrial, I would tell you we still have in places like medical and aerospace inventory still being burned. So I do think the factors impacting [ph] supply chain are very similar to how we painted the overall picture of the three segments. I think when you look at the supply chain, you go to transportation though, I think we ought to keep in perspective where auto production went to and how automotive is adjusting in time supply chain. So back in the third quarter, 12 million units were made that we made 22 million units on the planet, I think was quicker than we all would have thought the recovery was. And there will be some areas where there will be bottlenecks as everybody recovers. And, you heard that and certainly our customers have adjusted some of their production due to that and that's reflected in our guidance. But what's nice is on top of that, even though we're talking about supply chain is, where consumer inventory levels are very healthy. So when I think about what we try to track for long-term or how many cars are being bought on the planet, it's nice to see inventory levels on the lots. When you look at North America and China, probably being more towards middle to low end of normal ranges, Europes probably right around the middle. And, it's not surprising that the supply chain is being stretched a little bit due to the improving markets we're seeing. And some of our customers have adjusted their production, and that's in our guidance.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay, thank you. 
Sujal Shah: Thank you. Can we have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani. Your line is open. Amit Daryanani, your line is now open.
Amit Daryanani: Hi, sorry, I will stick to one question and I want to say congrats on some really good execution in the last six months with the way demand has recovered. I guess the question I have is when I look at the December quarter print and the March quarter guide, especially transportation up really strong and better than end unit production, I think the fewer folks will have is that, a strong first half, fiscal first half for you folks could be over shipping versus end demand and OEMs are just building a lot more inventory than they need. And, the risk would eventually be that in the back half of the year, your fiscal year back half ends up being a lot softer as OEMs start to normalize inventory. Could you just perhaps talk about what are you seeing from the OEM level that gives you confidence that this isn't overbuilding of inventory and there's a correction in the back half that we have to worry about?
Terrence R. Curtin: I think the thing that you look at is certainly we have orders that are accelerating to the improving market. Supply chain does need to get to a normalized level where production is. I think when you look at auto production going from quarter one to quarter two, we do expect it to be down to about 20 million units in our second quarter versus 22 in the first quarter. So, that should also allow the supply chain to help normalize since there will be a little bit less production. And when we look at it, what's really nice is our growth is doing more to content and production than it is due to the supply chain replenishment. As we've always told you, in an individual quarter, you can get supply chain movement one way or the other. But when I think about content per vehicle, as I said on the call and really think about the $10 or so that our contents increased over the past couple of years, really about half of that is driven due to traditional electronification of the core being more electronics and the other half is being driven by the benefit of the wins we have in EMs as well as, I'm sorry, electric mobility, as well as what we've gained in content on the car having more data. So when we look at that, that's real content growth. Certainly in the quarter there may be a little bit of movement as supply-chain goes, but the bigger driver of our growth is content and that's what's really allowed our transportation segment to get back to pre-COVID levels. And what we all know will be production this year based upon the external estimates that will be less than pre-COVID.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Amit. Could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Kelly. Your line is open.
David Kelly: Hi, good morning Terrence and Heath and appreciate you taking my question. Maybe just following up on that point and just to be clear, when you're talking about the buckets and the drivers of that content per vehicle ramp, was that in regard to the shift you've seen the low 60s to the low 70s? And just as a follow up, as we start thinking about the go forward drivers to that low $80 target, just curious, what percentage of that or the mix shift driver you expect from the electrification and EB trends specifically?
Terrence R. Curtin: No, I think what you're going to see is balance as we go up into the 80s similarly, because I think one of the things that's important is what's nice about what we've seen over the past year is the electric vehicle seems to have seen -- stand the test of COVID. We talked about it last year about you had electric vehicle growth last year. This year we believe, electric vehicles on the planet are going to be up about 50% versus last year. Continued strong adoption in Europe, certainly the adoption that Asia has already had and it's going to break through 10% of global production. So content will continue to be benefited by our position and electric vehicle. But we also have to realize there is still content opportunity in traditional architecture, too. And those products also go into electric vehicles. So what's nice about what we talked about going to 60 to 70, it's going to be a similar picture as we go forward because where we play in the architectures on every vehicle. It's not just electric, it's also our legacy position and how globally strong we are with that position. So as we look forward all components whether it be electric vehicle powertrain movement, whether it be features in electronification of any vehicle as well as, as you get more data and all of those are drivers to our content. And just in the past few years you can see the reality of it and that's what we get excited about and I think it's what we get excited about as we look to forward growth. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you David. Could we have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks and good morning. Terrence I wanted to ask outside of transportation, the commentary on industrial, particularly the areas that you're seeing strength. How much of that is relative to supply chain inventory adjustments versus true demand and I know there's a decent amount of distribution exposure there. Are you seeing signs of good POS or sell through and any inventory build there?
Terrence R. Curtin: So a couple of things Matt, thanks for your question. And, when you think about distribution, distribution touches both our CS and IS segments, industrial and communications segments, more than transportation. Our sales into the channel in the quarter we're on par with our total company sales growth. So that's 6%, pretty much how our sales are into our channel partners were. Sell out is -- their sell out has accelerated with some of the supply chain dynamics. They have a role to play. That's why they hold inventory. We have seen some of their orders increase, but I would say we're not over shipping into our distributors. Actually, their inventory levels on sort of the turn are actually lower than normal. So, that's some of the balancing that will be occurring here as the world normalizes hopefully, and net-net in industrial what I would tell you, while we may have some areas like in our industrial equipment that showed strength, I'll go back to our medical customers are still burning some inventory and so is aerospace and defense. So net-net, I would not say there is supply chain replenishment in industrial that we're benefiting from.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Matt. Could we have the next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. Hey, guys, since -- CPV last couple of years, I know there may be some rounding, but it looks like maybe you're trending a little bit above your long-term range, I think we saw that for a couple of years in the 2017 to 2019 period too. Is that range hedged or anything or your commercial team is just executing better in wins or is it fleet mix that consumers are buying?
Terrence R. Curtin: Well on CPV, the range we've always said is 4% to 6%. And I believe that range is still appropriate long term. There are something in there. Where does electric vehicle adoption go, certainly feature sets and so forth. But we feel very good about that range and certainly that range is not -- we do not limit our commercial teams to that range. So, it does come back to there's always consumer preference there. It is nice that the consumer preference has been picking up the features that we're benefiting from and we feel very good about that 4% to 6% range above auto production going forward. So, I don't think that range changes. And hopefully we stay towards a high end of it.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Chris. Could we have the next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Great. Good morning, guys. 
Terrence R. Curtin: Hey, Scott. 
Scott Davis: Nice to hear your voices, hope you're well. Anyways, I wanted to just ask you for a little bit of an update on First Sensor, what -- kind of your early readout of what you're getting out of it, any details you can provide there would be great?
Heath Mitts: Sure. Thanks, Scott this is Heath and appreciate the question. Sure, First Sensor we own a little over 70% of it still. There's -- given the German public company takeover dynamics, there's still a bit of a tail in terms of us acquiring the remaining 25 to 30 percentage points of the business with owners. But within that, First Sensor is behaving as we would expect it to, where we have market overlap, which is pretty considerable, whether that's in auto, general, industrial, medical, applications. It's trending right as we would expect as we see in other parts of both our sensor and our connected business. So everything's on track there now. It's given us about 50 million or so a quarter of -- 40 million to 50 million a quarter of revenue. And I would say that some of the work that we need to do relative to some of the operational synergies, footprint consolidation things not just on their end, but things that will eventually move into their facilities from our existing sensors business is still ongoing. So we're not expecting a lot of bottom line support this particular year. But trajectory still looks good as we move forward.
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you Scott. Could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst : Hey, this is Danielle asking on behalf of Wamsi. Can you just talk about kind of your position in the broader electric vehicle market and kind of key differentiators for key?
Terrence R. Curtin: So first off is thanks for I think the first differentiator we have is our global position and where do we bring the innovation. And it starts with those design centers that are everywhere, current vehicles are designed in next generation vehicles and that's pretty special. And that's where we've leveraged our traditional position there. The other thing is when you get into the architecture of a car, our knowledge is that all parts of traditional architecture that do go over into an electric vehicle. So certainly there's a lot of discussion around the powertrain, how does that involve the batteries but also realize that architecture does come together as you bring low voltage and high voltage together and certainly come into the infotainment and data element of it that could go into autonomy. So we play across all those elements. I think it's a very unique position that TE has that also comes into the content opportunity.  The other thing that is and these are investments that we started to make 10 years ago is when we look at electric vehicle, like I said earlier, we think there's going to be about 9 million made this year. 5 million of those will be in Asia. Europe continues to accelerate and one of the things we probably get more excited about is not only the vehicle technology, but where do you see support coming to make sure that electric vehicle penetration can get stronger. There's two big factors that come in, not only just -- not only consumer adoption, but you come into the two big things outside the car that relate to infrastructure as well as battery technology. And you continue to see developments in that space that with where EVs are going, we think will create continued momentum on EV adoption, as well as support of the infrastructure and certainly the battery technologies that are so important to it and that's happening globally. So, early on we were very much bullish on Asia, certainly Europe with some of their regulations, and certainly you continue to see at a lesser pace momentum here but where TE comes in on that architecture, where how that architecture comes together, the electric, the data, the signal that is our specialty. And it's really great how these trends we're going to benefit from and you saw it in our content numbers.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Danielle. Could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I did want to go back to the content growth story again in autos and just focus a bit more on the sensor side of the business there. You kind of outlined $10 of content increase you have had over the kind of moving to $70 range, low 70s. Can I just clarify if that includes sensors at all or is it deminimus at this point and more kind of looking forward how should we think about the opportunity in terms of sensors that you can address today on a vehicle and what the aspirations are for what that content per vehicle for the sensors portfolio can look like?
Terrence R. Curtin: Now thank you Samik and actually those figures I said earlier did not include sensors. That was our traditional interconnect solutions that we provide and when you think about sensors and you think about sensors back in 2019, you're talking about that's about $2 of content. We see that going up to about $5 in content there. So that would be additive to those figures I gave you. We're getting benefits of the launch. That's actually -- the auto launch is actually drove the organic growth. Our sensor business still has a big industrial piece to it that impacted those figures. But, sensors is a part that would be additive to those figures I said earlier.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Samik. Could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning and thanks very much for taking the question. Good morning. You talked a lot about some of the near-term dynamics in the first half of the year and sort of the nice strength and recovery you're seeing. So I can better understand your thinking not just the second half outlook, but what you're thinking about investing in the business longer term in terms of where you're deploying capital, in terms of these acquisitions like for sensors or some of the R&D you're doing to really capture that content growth you're seeing in EVs, what's most interesting to the company, what are you most excited about going forward?
Terrence R. Curtin: So, thanks for that question. And I do appreciate it Mark. I think when you think about when we look forward, I think there's one that I'll talk about short-term and then there's one that I think are important longer-term. I do actually think this period over the past year and the dynamics and the challenges that we've all gone through, we're getting to show our portfolio, the diversity of it, and why we like our portfolio. And a lot of people had questions of how this portfolio would act because it wasn't the same portfolio. And we do like our portfolio and you see that here. I think the other thing as we look forward is the content elements we've talked to you about when you think about transportation, the content opportunities we're talking about are still in early stages and electric vehicle is early stage, autonomies are early stage and that in many ways would content kickers we've been talking about and you're starting to see it in the numbers and they're going to be around for a while. But I would say it's not just limited to auto and transportation. You've seen how our communication segment has changed, certainly around our cloud investments and how we've gained share in cloud that has made that segment the performer. And when you think about industrial, medical will come back, Comm Air will come back and our positions are very strong. So there are things that are certainly they're hurting us now, but I think will be things that drive content longer in the future. And those are the things where data and power are going whether it's around sustainability as things being more connected, where things get more productive like factory automation, we still have content opportunity to drive growth that's going to be above market.  The other thing I would just say, well, I'm pleased with the execution. Our margin improvement story is not over. Our transportation and our industrial segments we've been doing some heavy lifting to get to where we believe these businesses are entitled. It's nice to see our transportation segment on lower volume than peak being that close to the margin we think it should be at. But our industrial segment has room to go and, lastly I think it goes to the point that you sort of alluded to and your question is, we like our cash generating business model. It provides choices whether return capital or you do the bolt-ons like Scott's question to Heath around First Sensor and what's nice is we do have organic secular trends that we can do bolt-ons into. And we're going to maintain discipline as we go through it. So as we look forward, it's nice to see some improvement. We're always going to have a market that's probably cycling one way or the other with the diversity. But I do think with the portfolio showing up that we're pretty proud of, and we think there's more room to run on the growth on the margin side, which turns into earnings power and cash generation for value creation. 
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you, Mark. Could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line, Joe Giordano. Your line is open. 
Joseph Giordano: Yeah, good morning. Hey, it's great to see the total content scaling from you mentioned the 60s to 70s. I am just -- I wanted to talk maybe like longer term. I know we always -- you guys always mentioned like the EVs generally like two extra regular car. As we start hitting those inflection points where EV production scales like exponentially, what does that like spread look like? How much of that spread is like actually more physical volumes on the cars and how much is because the price of these products s significantly higher because the volumes are significantly lower and like, how does that change over time, did the price go down substantially, but the volume scale, so gross dollars it's very, very positive, but the spread between ICE and EV kind of compresses, how we think about that when we get to like significant deployment of EV? 
Terrence R. Curtin: Well, a couple of things, and our content assumption always assume, I do think we have to keep in reality, an ICE vehicle. If you take this year where people think mid 80 million vehicles will be made in 2020 alone, there is 70 some million of ICE vehicles made versus 9 million of electric vehicles made. So there is a scale advantage. Certainly our customers expect that and we do expect there will be price compression in our content as EV scale. We also have to make sure we bring our technology and our scale to make sure these vehicles are affordable. And so that's always been included. You will still have increased content. So I don't think you see it getting to an ICE engine content, but there will be some as you move up the volume curve on platforms and as the industry scales and we've always said that to you. So, that's how we've always said it and then we don't see that changing and it's something that's very important for the industry to make sure electric vehicles are on par with traditional engine so that consumers can choose what they want. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Joe. Could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder. Your line is open. 
Chris Snyder: Thank you for the time. Just another one on the content per vehicle and then particularly comments that CPV is in the low 70s today versus the low 60s, I believe you said in 2019. So some quick back of the envelope math there implies high single digit annual growth. So I guess is there any reason why this growth rate would slow maybe over the next two years, I understand longer-term there can be more pricing competition as that builds but I guess over the next few years, is there any reason to think that would slow, obviously the number building off a higher base, but EV unit production is inflecting and it seems like there could also be some sensor tail into it as well? 
Terrence R. Curtin: The way we look at it, it goes back to what I said before, we think it's 4% to 6% above global production and that depending what you assume on production grows from here. You would take the content and add to it. So I'm not sure it would slow. I mean, it will come into how consumer preferences are, but it's what we get excited about on content. So I don't see it slowing. I see it actually being a real engine for us and we've been investing around it and certainly we'd like to see that the revenue that's coming through on it we'll partner with our customers and we know we're solving their hardest challenges. 
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you Chris. Can we have the next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak. Your line is now open. 
Joseph Spak: Thank you. Terrence, you mentioned a couple of times that you're excited about the margin progression opportunities. If we go all the way back to 2017 you laid out this 30 to 80 basis points a year, which, would have brought you close to 19%. Now I know a lot of outside factors have occurred since then, but you've also taken some other actions. So I'm just curious, do you have a view of the margin potential of this business looking out a few years, is 19% to 20% range still to go?
Heath Mitts: Yeah, Jim this is Heath and I'll take that question. Yeah, the progression over time certainly is still part of our operating model and how we think about the go forward. Certainly, we've had to deal with some things that were unexpected relative to market conditions, no different than any other company out there. But, we still feel like we're in a pretty good place. Now, acquisitions are always going to feather into a point where, you have to overcome some of that dilutive impact initially, and then you build upon that moving forward. But I still feel very good about it, but I think you've got to kind of break it down into the segments as well. The segments, we've kind of targeted and talked about automotive being roughly a 20% operating income business, which is a both, avails a good return from an overall investment as well as provides opportunity to enable, reinvestment of the business for future growth. And that's a good return model. Industrial, which is in the low teens as we sit here today, but coming off of a pretty significant downturn, particularly in the commercial aerospace side, as well as in the medical side is still holding its head. But we would expect that over time, again, to be up into the high teens. So there's a fair amount of leverage there. And then in communications, we're in a pretty good place. We've done a lot of heavy lifting there going back several years and you're seeing the results there now when we get the types of volume reduction or I'm sorry, the types of volume increases that we've seen both in appliances and Data & Devices. You can see what the flow through is in our factory environment with an optimized footprint that we enjoyed today within communications. So, there is still leverage in both transportation and in industrial. And in addition to that, we're still tackling some of the costs in the operating expense line that you would expect us to and that's been coming down ratably particularly as percentage of sales and that will continue to be the case. So feel good about our ability to continue to expand margins for some time now. 
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you, Joe. Could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Junk. Your line is open.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Heath, maybe another question for you, wondering if you could put this quarter's margin performance in context of the 20% mid-term margin target for transportation solutions specifically. Just wondering how this quarters profitability impacts that trajectory going forward, maybe thinking in LEB terms specifically what it says about the production needed that 20% margin target relative to maybe what you would have thought pre-COVID? 
Heath Mitts: Well, it's a good question, right. I mean, we -- 19.4% is a solid number at that segment level, but you have to remember that we are still trending well below where we were just a couple of years ago in terms of total global auto production. So we did a little north of 20. So, global auto production in the quarter is a little north of 22 million units. If you think about where we were in 2018 and 2019, we're still trending pretty -- still below those quarter -- those quarterly numbers. So yes, what it shows you is what we can do on lower auto production relative some of those prior hurdles because we have tackled the fixed cost, but at the same time we are going after, we've been pretty public with you about some of the restructuring that we are doing and particularly in some of the what have been announced and we're working through some European footprint moves within our transportation segment. And, those are underway. In some cases, they're being pressured because we needed some volume out of those facilities, but we'll see more benefit from those restructuring plans as we get through 2021 and into 2022.  The other thing I would say is when you see the types of recovery and Terrence mentioned going from 12 million units in the June quarter to 22 million units in the December quarter, that is a very steep ramp in terms of our ability to ramp up. And as part of that, you would expect there is some inefficiencies that are embedded in that and so, although we're pleased with the margins, there's still room to go with that. 
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you, Luke. Could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you. My one question is on average selling prices, kind of looking ahead in the transportation segment. In the past I believe under conventional cars and autos, the price declines were kind of like 1% to 2%. Is that going to be similar as you look at more say battery connected HV cars that features similar percent or actually better percent declines or worse decline, the reason I ask is as you know, there's a lot of shortages in the automotive semiconductor industry and they're seeing better pricing declines and I know that you have more annual or longer term contracts, but I was kind of wondering longer term of that segment is the math formula of the 1% to 2% average price decline still intact or because these are newer technologies, they should actually decline faster or because they are newer technologies that could actually hold up better? 
Terrence R. Curtin: So again, a couple of things, thanks for the question. And I'll tie back to the question I got earlier. First off, when we look at pricing right now, we sort of view it as stable. Certainly, we don't make semiconductors so some of the shortages that are happening in that space we do. When you look longer term and that assume supply chain normalizes, we do expect our electric vehicle product portfolio to have a higher price curve just due to the volume. And that's something we've always said that's included in our 4% to 6%. And so depending upon how those volumes go and that's typically the arrangements that we have with our customers that are typically volume and we sit down and have those discussion with our customer. I would also tell you that when we think about content, we do expect content to be about 2X with EVs. And also the margin targets we give you also include that price on that Heath has talked about a few minutes ago. So net-net it will be a little bit higher as it scales in those product sets. But overall as part of our margin model and content model, we've always reviewed with you. 
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you Jim. Could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line at William Stein. Your line is open. 
William Stein: Great, thanks for taking my question. I'm hearing a louder chorus of voices talking about ECU consolidation as an aspect of the evolution of automotive networking architectures, things like domain architecture or some zonal architectures. Do you see this happening as well or is it more talk from some technology providers than sort of real action by the tier ones and OEs, and also, I'm curious how you expect this will influence connector units, pricing and your current position with customers? Thank you. 
Terrence R. Curtin: So well, this is not a new trend. So I think there's a big thing here. The trend of how do you bring feature integration and do an ECU and certainly the car has a lot of ECU, but how -- instead of adding a box to a car, when you want to add to the architecture, you're adding a feature into an ECU, which does help make sure the architecture doesn't get out of control. So, this is not a new trend, it's always been a trend. Certainly some people will go out and say, will there be only one mega ECU or two. I think that's not a new idea, but I think that's going to be much further out. Net-net what happens is the amount of interconnects that are in those ECU has become more complicated, which help us. And then certainly the interface is around where do you need the sense, what's going on in the car also creates more connections. And no different than the content picture I hope I painted earlier around where is content coming from. That $10 half of it is due to electric content, electric powertrain content, some data. But the other half is due to the low voltage architecture that continues to get more connections in it, as the car has more features to it. And you still need to have a connection to wherever the feature is back to a box. So certainly ECU, no different than what semiconductors do all the time which is it integrates more onto a trip. You're going to see that in the car. That creates more complex connecting solutions as that box has to connect into other applications in the car. And that's actually good for us. We think it adds more connections and it actually creates complexity, which our customers need this more from an innovation perspective. So I hope that frames it a little bit, um, and helps you with that question. 
Sujal Shah: Alright, thanks Will. Could we have the next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Williams [ph]. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst : Hey, good morning and thanks for letting me ask the question. Just wanted to kind of see if you could read into some of the trends you're seeing within the data center, the strength there, and maybe what your view is for the year in terms of that -- those trends? 
Terrence R. Curtin: Well, the data center what's -- it's one of those markets I would tell you was not COVID impacted from the cycle and that's just continued. So when we look at cloud and data center spending, we're looking at another double-digit increase this year. And, I think the story that we're getting in the unit, in our Data & Devices units there certainly when you look at where semiconductors are growing, that's also a supporter of it. And, we see the cloud spending just continuing. And what's really nice that's over as our team, Heath talked about the margin progression. One of the things as we also work margin is where we were going to point our engineers at. And what we're also very pleased with is our share gain and position that we've earned across all the cloud providers. And not only on the margin side, the team should be congratulated to also what they've done and how do we bring the innovation to those cloud providers. 
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, David. Could we have the next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov. Your line is open. 
Nikolay Todorov: Yeah, good morning. Thanks everyone. Terrence, I think I heard you talk about increased design wins in the electrification and the commercial transportation. I wonder if you can give us a little bit more color on that and maybe compare at what stage do you think that the EV in commercial transportation is relative to where EV and my vehicle is today, or maybe where light vehicle EV was a year or two years ago? 
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah, thanks for the question, Nick. And when you look at it, we've all had the discussions around auto a lot and we have -- we've talked to you before about electric vehicles and trucks and a lot of things happening around the last mile fleet. What I said is, over this past year, we've seen a very significant increase in more platform work by the major commercial truck OEMs. And when you look at that increased activity, it seems to be more serious activity than the dabbling projects. And what is really nice is when you think about our position in commercial transportation. It's in many ways, very similar to our automotive position. It's global, it's agnostic to the architecture, that's why we like being a tier two. And when we sit there and we look at what our teams are working on, we're seeing an acceleration. So, certainly when we look at commercial transportation the breadth of vehicles that are in there, whether it's mining, whether it's Class A trucks and so forth, it's pretty broad, but we do get excited about the content opportunity there as well. And it does feel where we are today from a program activity is probably where we were three to four years ago. And automotive just giving you a gut feel on that, of where this momentum is starting to accelerate. And it's truly nice that we're going to leverage our position like we did in automotive. And that can be a content lever in ICT. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Nik. It looks like there's no further questions. So if you have any questions, please contact investor relations at TE. Thank you for joining us and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 11.30 AM Eastern Time today, January 27, 2021 on the investor relations portion of TE Connectivitys website. That will conclude your conference for today.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-10-28 10:36:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call for the Full Year 2020. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full year 2020 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Sujal, and thank you everyone for joining us today to cover our results of the fourth quarter as well as our expectations for our first quarter fiscal 2021. Before I get into the slides, I do want to frame out some key points about todays call. First off, I am very pleased with our execution in the fourth quarter where we delivered sequential sales growth of 28%, which was above our expectations and adjusted earnings per share of $1.16. Our top line benefitted from a better-than-expected recovery in automotive production, coupled with our leading position in this market. Adjusted operating margins expanded sequentially by over 500 basis points while we also executed on our inventory reduction plans that we discussed with you last quarter. And while were still in a market where were being impacted by COVID-related weakness and it has challenged our business model, our margins and EPS, I also believe we successfully executed on a number of the key elements of our business model, including strong free cash flow as well as content growth that helped offset the weakness we had in key markets. And Ill come back to this in a moment and get into a little bit more detail under that. The other thing is that we are pleased to see a faster recovery in certain markets as evidenced in our orders, but I do want to highlight that the visibility on the shape and the slope of the longer term recovery still remains limited. And lastly, as we look into our first quarter, we are expected sales to be roughly flat for the first quarter of fiscal 2021 but with adjusted operating margin and earnings per share expansion both year-over-year and on a sequential basis. And for the first quarter, which Heath and I will talk about, we are expecting sales and adjusted earnings per share of approximately $3.2 billion and $1.25, respectively. While the challenges that we've experienced associated with COVID impacted the second half of our year, I am pleased that we just demonstrated the key elements of our business model in fiscal 2020. We are benefiting from the active management of our portfolio over the years, and the actions that we've taken to optimize our cost structure. And before we get in the slides, again, I just want to give a few examples of what stood out for us during the year. First off, despite the market headwinds, we benefitted from the secular trends across the business that we've positioned the company around. And this is evident in automotive, where we delivered 6 points of growth versus the auto market in 2020, which reinforce our ability to generate content growth in both a growing and declining production environment. And it's also important to remember that China is the largest auto production market in the world. And we've benefited from increased volumes and our leading position in this region as its recovered. Another highlight is our communication segment that remained resilient through the downturn and delivered strong growth both year-over-year and sequentially in the second half, driven by the build out of data center capability. We also saw margin expansion with the segment delivering adjusted operating margins at its mid-teens target level for the year. And lastly, the foundation of our business model is the cash generative nature of our businesses. We once again demonstrated this in fiscal '20 with $1.5 billion of free cash flow and this represents 104% conversion in net income. With this as a backdrop, I do want to take a moment to provide some perspective on our business and markets relative to our last earnings call 90 days ago. Last quarter, we said that the third quarter would be the low point of the downturn. This is now confirmed with 40% improvement in sequential orders in the fourth quarter, along with sequential revenue and EPS growth both in the fourth quarter as well as what we expect into the first quarter. As we look into the first quarter, the business is returning to prior year levels, with expansion of adjusted margin and earnings per share. And while auto production has come back a little bit stronger than we expected, we are still well below 2019 production levels of 88 million units on an annual basis. And we still believe the shape of the recovery will continue to be gradual and dependent on the global consumer. Over 19 million vehicles were produced in the fourth quarter and we expect sequential improvement in auto production in the first quarter to 21 million units. In our other two segments, the industrial and communication segments, we do expect them to be down sequentially, with some pockets of weakness like we have in commercial aerospace. So with that, let me get in the slides and if you could please turn to Slide 3, I'll provide some additional details for the fourth quarter and the full year as well as our expectations for 2021 first quarter. Quarter four sales of $3.26 billion were better than our expectations and up 28% sequentially. Transportation sales were up approximately 50% sequentially driven by the recovery in our auto sales, which were up 68%. Industrial sales were up 11% sequentially with growth across all businesses. And in our communication segment, sales were up slightly sequentially, and up 12% year-over-year. During the quarter, we saw orders of approximately 3.35 billion and a book to bill ratio of 1.03, which I'll add more color on when I talk to that slide in a moment. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.16 and adjusted operating margins were up 500 basis points sequentially to 14.5%. As we mentioned at the onset of COVID, we kept inventory levels relatively high to ensure we could meet commitments to our customers through a period of supply chain volatility. During the quarter, we drove a significant reduction in inventory in TE, primarily in the transportation segment with some reduction in industrial as well. This helped our free cash flow but did impact our margins negatively both at the company level and in the transportation segment. In the fourth quarter, free cash flow was approximately $650 million and we returned $1.1 billion to shareholders during the year, including approximately $625 million from dividends and $500 million through share buybacks. When we look to the full year 2020, sales were $12.2 billion and they were down 10% year-over-year on both a reported and organic basis due to the impacts of COVID on our markets. Adjusted operating margins were 14.2% with adjusted EPS of $4.26. While transportation and industrial were impacted by the market weakness, our communication segment grew 15% organically from the first half to the second half, demonstrating the diversity of our portfolio. I am also pleased that we didn't hit this downturn flatfooted. Prior to the onset of COVID, we began executing on cost reduction and footprint consolidation plans in the transportation and industrial segments to get to the target margins we've been discussing with you. As we look forward, we do expect quarter one sales of $3.2 billion, which is up 1% year-over-year on a reported basis and adjusted earnings per share of $1.25, up 3% year-over-year, which is an expansion in both adjusted operating margins and EPS in the first quarter. So if you could, I would appreciate you turn to Slide 4 and let me talk about orders across the businesses as well as geographically. For the fourth quarter, our orders were over $3.3 billion and our book to bill improved to 1.03, as I mentioned earlier. On a year-over-year basis, transportation orders grew 12% driven by auto, but we did also see growth in our commercial transportation and sensors orders as well. Industrial declines year-over-year were primarily driven by the ongoing weakness in commercial aerospace and in communications, our growth was 13% driven by the appliances business unit as that market recovers globally post-COVID. Our book to bill was above 1 in transportation and below 1 in our other segments, supporting our sequential revenue growth in quarter one in our transportation segment and the declines we expect sequentially in industrial and communications. So let me add some color on orders from a geographic perspective. For the second consecutive quarter, we saw an increase of orders in China, which were up nearly 25% year-over-year in the fourth quarter with growth in each of our segments, but particularly strength in transportation. We saw approximately 8% year-over-year growth in our orders in Europe, and this was also primarily driven by transportation. And in North America, our orders declined 8% year-over-year, primarily driven by the industrial segment and weakness in the Comm Air market. So with that as a backdrop of orders, let me get into the segment results and that will be on slides 5 through 7, then I'll hit the high points that will be on the slides as I go through the segments. So let me start with transportation. Transportation sales were down 6% organically year-over-year, with declines in each of our business as you can see on the slide. In auto, sales were down 4% organically driven by global auto production declines. Even with the dynamic changes in the auto market due to COVID in 2020, we generated 6 points of content growth for the full year. And that just proves our continued outperformance versus the weaker market. I would ask you to keep in mind that content growth can vary quarter-by-quarter, but we continue to expect 4% to 6% content growth in auto over the long term. And when you look at 2020, the production of internal combustion vehicles dropped nearly 20% this year. But we did benefit from the increase in hybrid and electric vehicle production that was up 13% in our fiscal year. When you look at hybrid and electric vehicle production, that represents 10% of total global auto production and we expect that EV and ATV production to reach approximately 20 million units in the next five years. Our customers' plans remain on track for full battery electric and hybrid electric vehicles. And there's even been some acceleration of roadmaps as OEMs respond to increase demand and a more stringent regulatory environment in certain parts of the world. We are a leading provider of technology and products to our customers as they move to more sustainable hybrid and electric platforms. In sensors, we sold 10% growth year-on-year due to the revenue contribution from the First Sensor acquisition. And on an organic basis, sales increased 9% sequentially as we expected, with our year-over-year performance being impacted by the market volatility. We continue to grow our design win pipeline and auto applications and expect growth as these platforms increase in volume. Adjusted operating margins for the transportation segment declined year-over-year as a result of the planned inventory work down in the quarter that I mentioned earlier. We expect significant sequential adjusted margin expansion in the transportation segment in the first quarter, which will be the driver of the company's margin expansion both sequentially and year-over-year in the first quarter. Let me turn to the industrial segment. In this segment, sales declined 6% organically year-over-year and our adjusted operating margins were approximately 14% and impacted by the lower volumes as well as some of the inventory work down. We remain on track with our long-term margin expansion plans in this segment and we remain focused driving adjusted operating margins into the high teens. During the quarter, the segment continued to be impacted by the decline in the commercial aerospace market, with our aerospace defense and marine business declining 13% organically. We do expect the common [ph] weakness to continue into early '21, as the market is still in the process of bottoming. In our industrial equipment business, our revenue was down 2% organically and better than we expected with declines in Europe being partially offset by growth in Asia. We continue to see weakness in our medical business with ongoing delays in elective procedures caused by COVID. We believe this is a short-term dynamic in our medical business as consistent with what our customers are saying, and we expect this market to return to strong growth as elective procedures start to increase. Turning now to communications. Our sales grew 11% organically year-over-year, with growth in both data and devices as well as appliances. We continue to benefit from the recovery in China and Asia more broadly, which represents over half of our sales in this segment. Data and devices grew 7% organically year-over-year due to our strong position that we built in high-speed solutions in cloud applications. Appliances grew 18% organically year-over-year with growth across all regions and benefits from an improved housing market, as well as supply chain replenishment. Our communications team performed very well and adjusted operating margins grew to over 21% in the fourth quarter. This strong performance is a result of the multiyear transformation of our portfolio and reduction in our cost structure and manufacturing footprint. Adjusted operating margins for the segment for the full year were 16% which is in line with our target. And we continue to expect mid-teens operating margins long term in this segment. So with this overview of segment performance, let turn it over to Heath who'll get into more details on the financials as well as our quarter one expectations.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q4 financials. Adjusted operating income was 473 million with an adjusted operating margin of 14.5%. GAAP operating income was 347 million and included 113 million of restructuring and other charges and 13 million of acquisition-related charges. For the full year, restructuring charges were 257 million. And I expect restructuring charges are approximately 200 million in fiscal '21, as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was $1.16 and GAAP EPS was $0.69 for the quarter and included a non-cash tax related charge of $0.17 related to an increase of the valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets. We also have restructuring acquisition and other charges of $0.31. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q4 and the full year was approximately 17% and for FY '21, we expect an adjusted effective tax rate around 19%, but its important to note here that our cash tax rate will still be well below that in the mid teens. Turning to Slide 9. Sales of 3.3 billion were down 1% on a reported basis and down 4% on an organic basis year-over-year. Currency exchange rates positively impacted sales by 39 million versus the prior year. And at current levels, currency will be a 55 million tailwind in Q1. Adjusted operating margins were 14.5% and expanded 510 basis points sequentially, as mentioned earlier. While we anticipated pressure to our operating margin performance due to the planned inventory reduction we highlight last quarter, I am pleased that we reduced inventory by nearly 300 million in the quarter. So just as a point of reference, our inventory overall came down 12% from the June quarter to the September quarter. As you can imagine, that had a couple hundred basis points of pressure to our margins as we got the inventory right-sized, but I feel good about the impact it had on our cash flows. The inventory reduction primarily impacted the transportation segment. We also had some impact in the industrial segment. We continue to execute on our footprint of consolidation plans and pursue additional opportunities to drive cost reduction. We remain committed to our business model margin expansion goals and we expect volume growth combined with our restructuring plans over time to drive adjusted operating margins and transportation to 20%, industrial to the high teens and communications consistently in the mid teens. For the quarter, cash from continuing operating activities was 719 million. Free cash flow was approximately 650 million for the quarter. For the full year, free cash flow was approximately 1.5 billion which represents 104% cash conversion. For fiscal '21, we expect free cash flow conversion to again be strong at approximately 100%. Looking back on our performance in fiscal '20 and the extreme volatility we saw in our in-markets, our cash flow and capital structure performed in line with our expectations. We maintained a strong liquidity position and generated strong free cash flow in each quarter of this year. We maintained a balanced capital strategy, returning capital to shareholders and remaining active in M&A with the acquisition of First Sensor. During the year, we spent 505 million on share repurchases buying back 6.5 million shares. At the same time, we continue to invest for future growth through R&D and capital spending initiatives and we're able to gain share with key customers through our robustness we showed in our manufacturing operations. Going forward, we remain committed to our balanced capital deployment strategy and expect to return two-thirds of free cash flow to shareholders while supporting our inorganic growth initiatives. Please turn to Slide 10 to discuss our expectations going forward. For Q1, we are expecting sales of approximately 3.2 billion, up 1% on a reported basis and down 2% organically on a year-over-year basis. Sequentially, we are expecting organic growth in transportation to be offset by modest declines in both industrial and communications. On a year-on-year basis for the first quarter, we expect transportation to be essentially flat organically; communications to grow mid-single digits and industrial will be down mid to high-single digits. Adjusted EPS is expected to be approximately $1.25, up 3% year-over-year. And for the first quarter, we are expecting significant growth in adjusted operating margins from the fourth quarter levels. As Terrence mentioned, we are still dealing with low visibility and its difficult to predict the shape and slope of the recovery in different end markets and geographies as the world continues to deal with COVID. We do want to share some of our key market assumptions as we plan the business. We expect global auto production to be approximately 21 million units in the first quarter, up sequentially from Q4, but still below prior year levels. Due to the December quarter being the strongest production level of the year in China, we are expecting Q1 to be the high point of global auto production for our fiscal year. We continue to expect strong content growth of 4% to 6%, enabling us to continue outperforming the auto market. In industrial, we continue to expect commercial aerospace market to stay weak, declining over 20% for the second consecutive year, but we do expect our medical business to improve as we move through the year. In communications, we expect continued increases in cloud provider spending, driven by the growth in online activities and our data and device business plays directly into this favorable trend. So I've already summarized some of our financial assumptions for the fiscal year on this slide. They are there for easy reference for you. Now, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Thank you. And congrats on a really strong quarter and guiding in this environment. Heath, I was wondering if you could clarify some of the moving pieces on transport margins. Your transport revenues were almost flat on a year-on-year basis, but you had big negative leverage. How much of that was the inventory issue that you were addressing earlier? And can you clarify what the inventory levels are now and if there's going to be any residual impact to margins in fiscal 1Q? And just as a point of clarification on the comment on reaching the high point of production in the December quarter, I don't think you're suggesting that also implies peak EPS in fiscal 1Q, but was just hoping you would clarify that as well. Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Wamsi. And let me try to tackle those here. Certainly that inventory reduction, more than two-thirds of it or so from the total was in transportation, and that was really the driver of our transportation margins being close to the 13% level. So we would expect as we move forward, inventory is now in the right place in terms of what we need to see moving forward and I would expect the Q1 numbers to tick up significantly at the transportation level. And as Terrence noted earlier, that will flow through nicely to the overall performance for margins in our first quarter. In terms of the comments around Q1, we're trying to highlight that the 21 million vehicle auto production number in Q1, we anticipate that 21 million to be the high point in the year. That does not mean that that's going to be necessarily the high point of TEs revenue or EPS for the year, okay, and we've got other businesses in the portfolio and some do have some seasonality element to it, in addition to some of the medical recovery that we would anticipate more in the second half of our fiscal year. And obviously, we're actively engaged in a lot of cost reductions. We've got pretty significant heavy lifting this year with some plants coming offline. The timing of those will be staggered throughout the year. But as you can imagine, as the year progresses, certainly we start to benefit more and more from exiting those costs. So, hopefully, that clarifies your question.
Wamsi Mohan: Thats great. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping, Terrence, maybe you could talk a little bit about content growth and how do you see that stacking up in fiscal '21, especially on the EV market in a scenario where there are more tighter fuel efficiency and emission standard requirements, especially in the U.S., what could that do to the content growth number that you guys have in fiscal '21?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, certainly. I think 2020 clearly solidified where we sort of said 4% to 6%. There is an element of where does the consumer go to buy as well as the government programs help them. One of the things that have been very nice and I mentioned in the comments is you see EV production and car sales really increase last year double digit in what's a really tough economy. And it was more in Europe and it actually was where it's been in Asia. And we still view that Asia and Europe will be the leading areas where you get adoption. Like we've always said is you do typically need  where EVs are still less penetrated, you do need some government help to basically make sure as that scales. And the U.S. is still an area that is less penetrated than the others and has less regulation. So anything that helps EV penetration and increased penetration helps our growth. And a chunk of our content is driven by the EV growth this past year being in the double digits. And we're bullish on EV and certainly we've been investing to make sure we have scaled that architecture globally. And what's nice is it looks like the bigger adoption is going to be in Europe and Asia which is our strongest market positions.
Sujal Shah: Great. Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Sujal Shah: Hello, Mark. Are you on? All right, it looks like were having an issue. Could we go to the next question please? Then come back to Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Thanks. A question for Terrence. If I look at your December quarter, it looks a bit above typical seasonality. I know this is a very unusual year in terms of what's played out up to date, but just curious to get your context in terms of what you're seeing for December versus what you typically see in any puts and takes by the end markets there?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, let me spend a little time on that. And the first thing I would say is, and weve talked about it, so that we're all aligned, auto production typically in the December quarter is the strongest quarter of the year of global auto production. And that's really driven by China being the largest producing country in the planet. And as they've taken that position, the December quarter is typically the strongest in China. And that's why we believe the first quarter can be probably the strongest for the year. But as we look across the portfolio, you take areas like industrial and transportation, they are areas that have been hit hard by COVID. We did see sequential improvement. We did benefit from China strength, but our global position is also driving great content in places like India and Europe that we think can be a growth driver, as we go into next year, even though China may have some market anniversarying, it becomes a little bit tougher. In the industrial markets, Craig, Comm Air, we do expect we are in the middle of a bottoming process there. We do think that will be a little bit negative as we go into the early part of '21. But we do get excited that the medical business is going to be rebounding back here as elective procedures pick up. And in communications, we talked a lot about our performance this past year and I think we're going to continue to benefit from as our global appliance position that you saw the benefit in revenue as we go into next year, and that recovers and certainly rebounds as well as where we've done things secularly in our D&D business, which has been a lot of hard work, we reposition that. So I do think it's a little bit different than normal seasonality. Seasonality is tough to sort of think about in this environment when our customers are telling us visibility is short. But it's nice to see the recovery coming back a little bit faster than we thought in auto. And we're trying to stay close to our customers on how do we help them as we're all dealing with an environment where visibility is light.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Craig. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Loop Capital.
Shawn Harrison: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and my congrats on the strong finish for 2020. I wanted to just dig a little bit deeper in the margins on a twofold aspect. Number one, do you expect transportation EBIT margins to be back to the year ago levels [indiscernible] for the inventory that came out? And second, how do we think of kind of incremental margins either across transportation as well as industrial from here knowing that we've got a couple of years in restructuring in hand?
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Shawn. This is Heath. I think you can  as we look into FY '21, and obviously we're only guiding this first quarter, we feel pretty confident in our ability to get back to prior levels in terms of margins for transportation for sure. In terms of the incrementals, I think it's fair to say at the TE level that thinking about a 30% or 35% flow through is a fair way to think about it and that pretty much is consistent down through the segments. Now we used to say kind of 25% to 30%, if you recall, some of the activities that we've undertaken, are allowing us to step up some of our commentary a little bit. So I feel pretty good about that. Now keep in mind that some of the heavy lifting that we're doing on restructuring on at least some of these plants, if these plants were easy to take offline, we would have done it a long time ago. So they are in many cases from the time that we announced and taken charge, it can take 12 or 15 months to completely get them offline and exit the costs from those. So we're active. We've seen plants come offline in FY '20. And then in FY '21, we'll see another surge of that. So we're really probably talking FY '22 and so forth before you start to see the more significant step up incrementally from here. But certainly at the TE level, we expect margins to improve dramatically in our fiscal first quarter.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Shawn. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Kelly with Jefferies.
David Kelly: Hi. Good morning, guys. I appreciate you taking my question. I just wanted to get a feel for some of the opportunities that are front in mind for TE under a new year with hopefully some continued grant towards normalcy. So, could you talk about some of the biggest strategy opportunities out there that you see on the horizon, things like whether it's ramping electrification in auto, returned to M&A, or broad electronification as a content driver?
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks, David. And let me take that. Now first off, it is nice to see the world still in recovery mode certainly with the uncertainty that's around due to COVID. But probably the first thing that we're excited about is not only how the portfolio is sort of playing out, like we expect it in a cycle, because we will be impacted by auto cycles due to our great position there, but I would also tell you that dealing with what we've dealt with 2020 that we do have a clean portfolio versus what we've had in other cycles I think came true. And honestly, it allows us to play offense around where we make our investments organically as well as if we do want to bring both [indiscernible]. And from that viewpoint, I think that's the number one thing that's nice going through the cycle versus others. I think we gave you some examples about the content. The number one content driver for TE is around automotive. It is around electrification. It's also the element of surround data in the car. And that's why we get excited with the 600 basis points we showed last year about performance. And we are confident that the wins we have that that type of level in our 4% to 6% that we've told you about above production as global production continues to heal. And let's face it we're so well off, the 19 plus million units of cars produced a few years ago. The other thing that I would tell you is, during this downturn, it's given us an opportunity in many ways to really make sure we get closer to our customers. They need to make sure they have the partners with them that are going to be there long term. And I do believe our manufacturing strategy that we've been investing in, which includes the cost actions that Heath talked about, has really been an element of how did we get and continue to move our over manufacturing to be local for local. And it's been a journey. We had a lot of work to do on that. It provides cost, but it also provides sort of a settlement. And it does come back to why we feel good that we can enter this flatfooted. We understand that we have margin opportunity in transportation and industrial. We've been talking about that. And how do we couple that with the content opportunities, not only in automotive but in medical, and also what we've done in cloud are things that we get really excited about, and we have the engineering wins that support that. So, as we're all dealing with an uncertain environment that we have to navigate through and adjust to, but we also have to accept the reality of the opportunities as well as we're  some markets like Comm Air, we have to adjust to the reality of that market won't be what it was. And they are the things that I think will drive both growth levers from here, but also margin levers. And our capital structure and free cash flow generation allows us to make sure we can be focused on improving the business and growing the business.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, David. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities.
Deepa Raghavan: Hi. Good morning, all. Congrats on the solid execution as well. I have a margin question too. On Q1 year-on-year, how do you think about industrial margins in Q1? I'm assuming we won't see the inventory impact repeat in Q1. So would that grow margins here year-on-year in Q1? Also, your leverage in auto should be pretty nice in Q1, just given the auto production peak volumes, 21 million. But what kind of margin levers do you have post Q1, and should we expect that margins in TS can grow the rest of the year also? Clearly you've under earned because of COVID situation in 2021.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Deepa. There's a lot packed into that question, so let me get at it. The industrial margins, I think the prudent viewpoint on that is that they'll kind of move  they'll be consistent in Q1 with what you saw in our fiscal fourth quarter that we just completed, albeit on lower revenue, which was expected and there is some seasonality as we move generally through the year within industrial. So I think we're holding our own there in terms of the journey within the industrial margin structure. But from a Q4 to Q1, I think you should expect those to be roughly flat on lower revenue. Obviously, your question around auto and then more broadly TS, the impact that it has, you are correct. We do have some good leverage there. In terms of our Q1 performance, I think we've talked about a few different times here on the call in terms of seeing significant sequential improvement in that. And then as we move throughout the year, the auto was obviously  we gained a benefit of the content and we've seen those. That activity continued to be strong. But it kind of gets down a little bit to what you think auto production is going to do in the subsequent quarters. That's one element of it. And then, obviously, as we layer in some of the restructuring activities, we have several plants that are becoming offline, but you'll see those more impacted late in FY '21 and more pointedly in FY '22. So there are some pieces there. But we feel very good about the actions we've taken to date and what that allows us to do on the incrementals moving forward. And again, we've kind of stepped up our dialogue there from, I'll say, pre-COVID activities in terms of what we think the incremental is going to look like.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Deepa. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes is the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to hit the EV content story in a different way and see if I can get some more color here, particularly when you rated it today the 4% to 6% content growth in automotive as well as the 20% margin outlook longer term? Why shouldn't I be thinking of  as the EV content story kind of plays out, it may be upside pressure on both of those lockdown targets related to content outperformance or be it 20% margin if kind of what we're seeing in terms of roadmap acceleration on EVs does play out?
Terrence Curtin: I think the key that you have is we do have to remember, we're on every [indiscernible]. And certainly when we think about the 4% to 6%, EV is probably 200 to 300 basis points of that. So when we look at that, when we think about it, it's across our whole portfolio. So we continue to see very strong growth in EV and high power products. But you also have to realize what percentage is of global auto production. So I think you will have yours and as the EV goes quicker in adoption, you would have us closer to the higher end of our 4% to 6% range. But certainly adoption will be important. The other thing I would just say to the margin element, like anything, EV products or things we have to scale and from that viewpoint, how they scale and how we get volume leverage is going to be very important of whether there would be margin upside potential to our target margins.
Samik Chatterjee: Great. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Samik. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question and apologies for the connection issue I was having before. I was hoping to speak more on the electric vehicle opportunity and I think the content is about double in an EV for TEL compared to a traditional car. Now that you're seeing a number of EV startups come to market, are you seeing a similar type of content opportunity with some of those customers? And then maybe also just talk about any differences on margins and market share as this is an evolving landscape, there would potentially be the opportunity to do more of a solution sale with newer entrants into the industry, but also perhaps that they're also looking to bring in nontraditional suppliers? So any kind of comments around not only the content opportunity, but also margins and market share? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, sure, Mark. It's a question we get a lot and I'll try to frame this here. In many ways, it comes into not only where we innovate, but it comes into their strategy that how do they want to make the car? In some cases, we've shared examples where we have $500, $600 on an EV product [indiscernible] looking to others to do the assembly and more of the manufacturing form. We have ones that have $200 where we're playing much more like our traditional component players. So I think as that space evolves, I think that's why you see the wide variation. But even on the component side, the component side is where we get  we typically stick to the 2x, the opportunity. We also when you comment on the margin, you have to say where do we bring value and where do we bring our engineering? We are not a contract manufacturer. We do not view ourselves as a Tier 1. So that's not been part of our strategy. So it's why we typically tell you 2x. But I will tell you the opportunity is not just with new startups, it's also the strategies of every one of the OEMs as they come up and figure out how they want to assemble the vehicles versus traditional. And in some cases, we do more in other places we play our component role and either way it creates opportunity for us that drives the content and will [indiscernible] because we know the architecture so well. And there is existing architecture that goes into electric vehicle that we get content, not just the high power products, that's why we get such content opportunity over the combustion engine as well as the electrical powertrain.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matt Sheerin: Thanks and good morning. Terrence, another question on the auto market. You talked about Q1 being a peak largely because of China seasonality. Do you have any thoughts on what the production number looks like for your FY '21 and how you see North America and Europe playing out in terms of their catch up on production? And then also sell-through there?
Terrence Curtin: As we look at, Matt, I know I said visibility is limited. And what I'd like to keep it to is probably the latter part of your question on sell-through. And we talked about in other calls. The element is it's good to see production recovering. But the real proof in the pudding is, are people buying cars? And what has been nice, if you go in Asia and LatAm, we had concerns of what was pent-up demand versus ongoing sell-through. And China, as weve seen from the figures, has stayed pretty consistent with the sell-through and the inventory levels in China are at very normalized levels. In Northern America, certainly production is ramping. We also see that the demand is nice and inventory levels are at a comfortable spot. The one area where we'd say inventory is still elevated is Europe. Some of that, we've also told you, relates to with the regulatory changes there between EV and combustion engines. I do think the consumer has been a little bit more cautious on vehicle purchases. So that's the one area that we continue to look at to say, hey, we'd like to see inventory work down. We like the structures and some of the incentive programs governments have put into place to really do cash for comfort type programs and [indiscernible], but we still need to see inventories come down in Europe.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. So the company's capital intensity has picked up over the last couple of years, which I assume is largely driven by the scaling of EV capacity. But should CapEx intensity come down as we kind of look out the next couple years, just as build winds down? And then what does this level of investment mean for competitive positioning within the EV market, as it seems like smaller competitors will have trouble matching this level of investment? And could that  then could that transition, further add to the moat around the business?
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Chris. We did heighten up or tick up our CapEx investments. If you go back a couple years ago, we were running  were up north of $900 million. I think you've seen that number certainly come down over the past couple of years. And I would say our viewpoint as we look at FY '21 is consistent, you should probably think about somewhere around that 5% of revenue in terms of our CapEx intensity certainly no more than that. One of the things we do benefit from is, as we were increasing our capacity and thats both to support the traditional combustion engine customers, but it was heavier weighted towards some of the EV fit up in our factories, certainly we're able to now utilize that. That was done under the assumption of significantly higher auto production than what we saw on FY '20 and anticipate in FY '21. But we are able to utilize some of that capacity as we bring some of these plants offline. We're talking to you about restructuring dollars to take some of these plants, primarily in Europe offline. You don't hear us talking about incremental CapEx on the receiving end of where that activity is going to go because that's already in place. And the second part of your question around does this differentiate us versus others? I certainly think it does. I can't give you  speak on behalf of other companies and what their capital structures are in terms of some of the smaller players, but I can tell you that it is  there is particularly on the frontend a fair amount of capital investment, both on the CapEx side as well as on the engineering front to support these customers, particularly as Terrence noted, as it's an evolving area in terms of what actually is going to be produced where and who's going to do what. And I think we're very well positioned. And as you know, make money in this business, it's all about scale. And it's about having the ability to handle the customers' needs and be able to ramp production at full scale. And that's what we're good at.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Heaths exactly right. It is important. While there are startups, you still have to get the price point and where the consumer is there and scale, it is a big advantage. It is something that when you think about scale, there's two elements of scale in our business model that to your point used the word [indiscernible] was very important. It is the element of how you deploy the engineering resources against where those designs are happening. And then there's a backend scale, part of it is how do you make sure that manufacturing, what you design, you bring scale in the automotive business where the customer wants the supply chain to be. The automotive business is still adjusting on business, and it's very important that the scale that you bring is where theyre selling the vehicles. And in some cases, what starts as maybe they think they're going to penetrate one part of the world, they want to  may take off in another part of the world the platform, and how do you bring scale for continuity, because it is still an industry that wants to make sure it's quality and that element, and they also want to make sure they can get the product to cost point their [ph] car that somebody can afford. So it is the scale element as EV scales. I think it's the biggest opportunity we have and also one we've signed up for how do we make sure that we bring scale to.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I'm wondering if you can remind us what the annual pricing negotiations in automotive look like when they occur, how pricing typically trends through these negotiations and maybe how the current negotiation puts a compare to what you think they do with in a typical year? As I recall, during these times of dislocation, that can be sort of unusual discussions around that topic. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Pricing across the portfolio is slight deflation. And in auto, auto is typically one that it is annual discussions that are based upon volume as well as opportunities and those discussions typically happen late in the calendar year, early in the following calendar year. So they'll be upon us. And certainly when you think about 2020, there's a lot of volume commitments that weren't made as well as how we're ramping a lot of things so that they are very strategic discussions we have with our customers also come into how are we doing on where we invest engineering. And with where the world is, I don't see them being more price deflationary than normal. I think it will be real active discussions that we have as we get in those discussions with our customers.
William Stein: The reason I asked is I recalled the credit crisis, there was also an expectation that you'd see normal price reductions even though the customers were not meeting volume commitments. So that's sort of where I was headed with that. Do you think we'll see normal deflation this year as we have in other years, even though the volumes might not have been that in the prior year?
Terrence Curtin: I think we'll have some deflation, because of the automotive market. I'm not sure it will be normal. And then we have to get through those discussions with our customers.
William Stein: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thanks, Will. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen.
Joe Giordano: Hi. Good morning, everyone. One thing I just wanted to clarify first, Terrence, you mentioned inventory levels in Europe. Can you just clarify, are you seeing customer  market demand satisfied out of customer inventory right now? And then my remaining question is a little bit more high level. You see something like GM coming out with a big new EV platform and plan to spend a lot of money? Can you just talk to me about how might that relationship with a customer like that kind of evolves through their kind of planning phase and how early are you involved with something like that? And how would that be similar or different to some of the startups that Mark mentioned earlier?
Terrence Curtin: So you have a couple of questions there. So let me take the first one. What's been nice? Car registrations have improved in Europe. So when you sit there when I talk about inventory, it's really  think about that deal a lot. It was heavy coming in. Certainly COVID impacted it and we've talked about that. So what I would say is, it's really making sure that [Technical Difficulty] so that was really my comment around Europe. When you think about a program, a program and it isn't just one car or one plan, it really starts at the platform level. And those discussions happen as we're in the design element of the electrical architecture. Were the data architecture. And in some cases, what occurs is they're taking product off the traditional platform that they say is good enough, that can be interconnect on a light, because the change really between combustion engine and the electrical vehicle, and how they actually start working their platforms. And those can take years, depending upon where they get to the platform element. And once you're on the platform that can say how they evolve the platform. And certainly I think when you talk about EV when you have a startup, they're basically starting with a model. Larger companies really have platforms. And you are seeing some of our larger customers come out with platforms. You see much more advertisement around the world on it, and in some cases its due to the regulations that they have to meet. But it's also about where they see the market going. And I think it's pretty consistent what we laid out. So is it different than how we innovate today? No. But what I would tell you is the urgency and the pace on those platforms have certainly kicked it much faster than the design cycles that you would have had on a traditional evolutionary combustion engine. You do see how they're focused very much on EV. You see our autonomy [ph] has taken a little bit of a step back during the downturn. Our customers are very focused on the electric powertrain. And they're also seeing the opportunities of where they are in the world. So you see people very much want to be penetrating China as well as the high end areas, which are some of the vehicles that we talk a lot about, on very high-end vehicles.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. Terrence, you talked a lot about the EV side. I was wondering if you could just sort of focus on the legacy CO2 side of the business since it's still so big. Where would you be getting the content growth from there? I assume there is still some content growth. And then just specifically with CO2, how do you manage it as your customers seem to be dramatically increasing on the other side of the business? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Well, it's really two factors. You still have electrification that happens on a combustion engine. When you look at TE and you think about TE, other than on the engine, other than where you get into the ECU element, powertrain is not as big of a content element per house as other things like you have on an EV platform. So where we get content is continued comfort features. Certainly the data architecture that's being built into a car as you move up the levels is going to happen in both a CO2 engine as well as an electric vehicle. So that element that comes into the data architecture continues to evolve. Certainly the sensing you have on safety and the features that we all rely on. So, while the development of combustion engines aren't as strong as they used to be, because people are going to EV, the other features we're getting in the car that do provide, like we've talked about when we've had done some of our Analyst Days, 200 or 300 basis points of content above production in a core engine is still occurring. And those programs  as the data architecture puts in comfort features get added as well as just the whole ECU network evolves, we typically see more contacts being added on the car than less. And the only other thing I would say on the combustion engine is we also see our customers leading us more on that legacy electrical architecture, because they want their engineers working on figuring out the electrical platforms.
Steven Fox: Great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Steven. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Jim.
Jim Suva: If you could take the opportunity maybe to clarify before there's any confusion about the peaking in the December quarter. My memory that auto production typically, generally always peaks in December, but people are going to be concerned that it's going to be your peak earnings per share. And I think Heath mentioned that that's not necessarily the case. But it turns out there may be some hedging around that. I know you're not getting the full year guidance, but can you just kind of help us think about that? Because I can sense a lot of people are actually thinking that the peak of your earnings per share and the story on that. So if you could maybe walk us through that a little bit.
Heath Mitts: Jim, thanks, and you said it right. 21 million units in the December quarter I think for the past five years has been the peak production globally. So when we look at the 21 million we expect in the first quarter, we do expect that to be the high point. But that doesn't mean it's the high point for EPS, Jim. That's just auto production estimate. And it's the high point as we look into '21. So, like I said during the call, we still think a gradual recovery of our markets is the right way to look at this. Certainly, we like that the recovery in auto production is quicker than we expected and I think that most people expected, but we do also have to realize that the first quarter is typically the high point of auto production in the year due to the effect of China and how China is the largest car producing country on the planet.
Jim Suva: Okay. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thanks, Jim. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Good morning. This is actually Derek Neldner [ph] on for Joe. Thanks for fitting me in. I guess just continuing on the electrification, maybe shifting gears to commercial transportation. I think historically, you've talked about commercial transportation, CPV growth being a little bit below the 4 to 6 you kind of experienced and target in auto, but maybe just update us on kind of where we are on that journey in terms of making commercial transportation outgrowth getting closer to the 4 to 6 in auto, what the prospects are for next year, given we're seeing more kind of electric commercial transportation programs come to market? And then kind of what your conversations with customers have been recently around broader electrification within commercial transportation?
Terrence Curtin: When you look at commercial transportation, it is a very broad market. So you're dealing with agriculture, you're dealing with construction vehicles, certainly you're dealing with truck and bus. And when you look at electrification, you do see it much more on the short-haul delivery. Certainly you see people on some longer-haul experimentation. But at the rural market, when you deal with electrification, the impact won't be as broad as you're having in the auto space. That being said, we do see a lot of content and it's both electrification as well as data autonomy, because the features you have in the truck and bus space doesn't have more data uses because you get into fleet management, how they think about their business models. And what's been nice over the years is what our ICT business which historically would have been probably moving much more with underlying production, we have through the EV as well as data have created content separation. And I think you've seen that this year. We also expect, as you get some of the things that are happening globally, in China we do expect to be a little bit of a headwind, but we do expect other parts of the world to be able to make up for that partly plus our content is really going to be due to the content opportunity in ICT. I do still -- we still do believe it's below the 4% to 6% in the car, but it is something that's going to be a big content driver for that business.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Junk with Baird.
Luke Junk: Thanks for taking my question. So wondering if you could comment on medical-related puts and takes as we go through another rise in COVID cases, what factors needs to align to get this business back on a growth trajectory as you've outlined.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, realize where we've pointed our business has been very much interventional procedures. And if you look at our customers, they've been impacted around it and they've also are working off inventory. So when we look there, we still see the procedures that were very much around being down. We have seen recovery. We would probably say the recovery plus as they work off inventory, you're probably looking more at the latter half of our '21 based upon what we know today, but that could be impacted based upon COVID or any other market developments. But I think we're probably in the middle of it as we speak.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Luke. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Nik Todorov with Longbow Research.
Nikolay Todorov: Thank you for taking the question. You guys talked about the December quarter auto production peaking at 21 million. I know visibility is limited. But I'm guessing how you're thinking about the low point of auto production into the next fiscal year? Could we get down to 17 million, 18 million vehicles a quarter? I'm just trying to understand how are you thinking about probabilities? And then can you give us just a breakdown of production and growth year-over-year into the December quarter by geography? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Yes, we aren't guiding for the year. And I guess on the first point, Id ask you to look at third party resources on your first part of your question. When we look at the first quarter though where we are guiding, there is an element even in the first quarter at the 21 million units. That will still be down year-on-year versus around 22 million units last year. We see every geography still being down year-on-year, but certainly at a lower rate than we've been experiencing. So as you look through the geographies, even though China continues to go up to its first quarter, we do expect China production to be down year-over-year and we also expect the other regions of the world. I do think it's important to realize how  we like this recovery, but we still  some of the regions we highlight where we're at is we're still below where we were at in 2019. And what we're very focused on is how do we make sure we adjust to the world, not only in auto and elsewhere to the world of post-COVID that we're still trying to figure out. So still it's nice to see the sequential recovery up to the 21 million units versus where we were two quarters ago at 12, and well continue to keep you updated as we go through the year. And we still expect a gradual recovery.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. It looks like there are no further questions. So I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. If you have additional questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a nice morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference will be available for replay beginning at 11.30 AM Eastern Time today, October 28, 2020 on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivitys Web site. That will conclude your conference call for today.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Third Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal Year 2020. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter 2020 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants in the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal, and also thank you, everyone for joining us today to cover our third quarter results as well as our expectations as we look forward. Before we get into the results of the quarter and the slides, I do want to take a moment to provide our perspective of what is the same and also what is different from the time we spoke just on our last earnings call 90 days ago. So let me first start off with what is the same. First, we do continue to be in a challenging market environment that is influenced by COVID and we continue to prioritize the safety of our employees, while also focusing on meeting the needs of our customers, while they are also navigating this environment. I think, the second key thing that is the same is that our balance sheet and liquidity were strong coming into the COVID downturn and it remained strong. We have a strong cash generative business model with flexibility to use our cash for investing for growth opportunities and improving our cost structure while continuing to return good capital to our owners. Another key point that is the same, is that we continue to execute on our cost reduction and footprint consolidation plans. These plans will enable higher earnings leverage as we capitalize on content opportunities as the markets return to growth. And the last thing that we spoke about last call, that is the same is that our manufacturing resilience was a differentiator last quarter and you've seen it again this quarter. It is enabling us to serve our customers through this volatile environment and our strong operations capability continues to set TE apart from other suppliers that we believe will enable share gain opportunities during this time. So with that being a backdrop of what's the same, now let me highlight some of the key differences versus 90 days ago that both Heath and I'll cover during today's discussion. Last time when we spoke in April, orders were declining and during that time, our customers were shutting down manufacturing plants in Europe and North America due to COVID, with the biggest impact being in our market-leading automotive business. We have now seen China return to essentially pre-COVID levels and we continue to see improving order trends in both North America and Europe after the April low point. Another key difference is that in our third quarter we were looking at strong sequential sales declines and margin and EPS compression when we spoke. I'm happy to say that our quarter three results came in better than we expected and in the fourth quarter we are now expecting sequential sales growth as our auto customers are ramping production along with, not only sales increase, we're going to continue to seek expansion of margins and earnings per share sequentially. And we do believe that our third quarter was the low point for our revenue and earnings. To continue to build on auto, another key difference is that auto production was declining to a low point of 12 million vehicles that were produced in our third fiscal quarter. We are now expecting a 40% increase in auto production sequentially into September and we are pleased that dealer inventories remain at appropriate levels that support that production. And the last key difference I would say, versus last quarter is while we're being impacted by market volatility in our Transportation segment, our Industrial and Communications segments performed well in light of market conditions last quarter and we expect sequential sales to be stable into our fourth quarter for those two segments on a combined basis. So I do hope that just starting off by sharing what's the same and what's different from 90 days ago will help frame our discussion today. One final thing I'd like to cover before we get into the slides is also how our employees and teams have completely leaned in and aligned with TE's purpose of creating a safer, more sustainable productive and connected world during this crisis. Our teams have been focused on working with our customers to increase production of key elements like for respirators and ventilators where our products are key building blocks in their architecture. And another thing that I'm very proud of and was an employee-led effort is that, we've utilized our 3D printing and molding expertise to supply face shields for healthcare workers around the world. And I'm pleased to tell you that we now have produced and donated over 120,000 face shields for frontline health care workers in hospitals around the world. I would tell you, these are just a few examples of what our teams have done but it also gives me confidence in our focus as well as the opportunities of what we're capable as we come out of this crisis. Overall, we are pleased with our performance considering this challenging, in many ways, unprecedented environment. We are also expecting that the recovery will be gradual more like an endurance race than a sprint. But I will tell you, we remain excited about our content and growth opportunities that we positioned TE around. So with that laid in, let's jump in the slides and if you jump to Slide 3, let me get into the numbers for quarter three as well as how we're thinking about quarter four. For the third quarter sales of $2.5 billion were better than our expectations. They were down 20% sequentially and versus our expectations where we thought they would be down 25%. Excluding auto, our sequential sales declined 4% showing the performance of our Industrial and Communications segment, which delivered results in line with our expectations in a challenging market. Transportation sales were down 32% sequentially, better than we anticipated across each of our businesses in the segment and really the supply chain corrections we thought by our customers were less than we expected in the quarter. In the Industrial segment sales were down 10% sequentially with much of the weakness driven by commercial aerospace while in the Communications segment, our sales were up 14% sequentially driven by strength related to cloud applications. From an earnings perspective, adjusted operating margins were 9.4% and I am pleased even with the concentrated drop in our auto sales in our Transportation segment, we were able to manage the earnings fall down on sales and achieve the adjusted OI we reported. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.59; this was ahead of our expectations due to the management of our operations on lower sales. In the third quarter, our free cash flow was $280 million with approximately $240 million being returned to shareholders in the quarter, including approximately $160 million in dividends. Year-to-date free cash flow was approximately $830 million and we continue to expect to exceed $1 billion of free cash flow for 2020. As we look to the fourth quarter, we do expect fourth quarter sales to be up sequentially by approximately 10% from the third quarter with sales growth, driven by the Transportation segment as our customers increase auto production. We expect our Industrial and Communications segments to be essentially flat sequentially in the fourth quarter on a combined basis. We also continue to expect to improve our earnings power by continuing to execute the footprint consolidation plans while we've also accelerated additional cost reductions considering the weaker demand environment that we're experiencing. Longer term, we remain committed to our margin expansion plans and the expectations that we've shared with you. As we look beyond the current environment, we are excited about how we positioned our portfolio to benefit from secular trends and I'll highlight these as I go through the segment results. So if you could, I'd appreciate if you could turn to Slide 4 and let's get into the order trends, so we can share what's on the slide and what we've seen as we've gone through the quarter as well as what we've seen in July. For the third quarter, our orders were $2.4 billion and that was in line with what we expected. We have seen continued monthly trends improved since the bottoming in April and April really with -- as our customers shut down, it was a very slow order month and we talked about in our last call. When we look at going into the fourth quarter, we are entering the fourth quarter with a stronger backlog position than we normally have and our July book-to-bill ratio came in at 1.05 and this supports our view of a 10% sequential growth in the fourth quarter, which will be driven by our Transportation segment. I also want to add some color on what we're seeing in orders from a geographic perspective. We have seen improvement in China back to pre-COVID levels and while our orders contracted in both North America and Europe across all segments during the quarter, we are encouraged that the monthly order trends have been improving in those regions since the low point in April. So I have to ask that you turn to Slide 5 and let's get into our sales view for the fourth quarter and how we're thinking about it. We are expecting sales to increase by approximately 10% sequentially into our fourth quarter, primarily driven by a 40% sequential increase in auto production to go from roughly 12 million vehicles produced globally in the quarter three to nearly 17 million vehicles produced in quarter four. When you factor in our content per vehicle, this will drive approximately $300 million of growth sequentially. While this is a sharp increase, I do want to highlight that auto production is still well below the 21 million vehicles per quarter that we were planning our business around being produced before COVID. Beyond automotive we do have some puts and takes, both on the positive and the negative side and we are expecting sequential growth in some of other businesses, but this is expected to be offset by residual impact of supply chain corrections by our auto and other customers. When we think about this growth of 10% sequentially, we are expecting approximately 20% sequential growth in transportation, while in industrial we'll have slight growth, which will be offset by a modest sequential decline in communications. On this increase revenue sequentially, we expect roughly 35% incremental adjusted operating margins on the volume growth. Note that the incremental margins do reflect the impact of us working down inventory in the quarter as we continue to drive free cash flow. Now with that as a backdrop, at the total company level let me briefly discuss year-on-year segment results in the quarter on Slide 7 through Slide 9. Along with some key drivers in each of the segments that we expect will fuel future content growth. So in the Transportation segment, sales were down 37% organically year-over-year with declines in each of our business as you can see on the slide. In auto, sales were down 43% organically, which was in line with global auto production declines. Even with the dynamic changes in the auto market due to COVID, our content growth expectations are unchanged as evidenced by the fact that year-to-date, we are generating 600 basis points of content growth above production, which continues to enable our outperformance versus a weaker production environment. The other thing I want to highlight is while the production of internal combustion vehicles will drop significantly this year, we do expect production of hybrid and electric vehicles to be up approximately 12% in fiscal 2020, that gives us confidence around where we positioned ourselves around the electric powertrain and the investments we make. And just to bring this to life a little bit on the electric vehicle, we continue to innovate with our customers as they move to more sustainable vehicles by providing leading edge technology and products to enable and improve performance of both hybrid and full-electric platforms. In fact, we generated approximately $6 billion in design wins for connectors and sensors in hybrid and electric vehicle platforms across every leading OEM. More importantly, our customers plans remain intact for EV and hybrid electric vehicles. And there's even been some acceleration of road maps along these platforms as OEMs respond to increased demand and a more stringent regulatory environment in certain parts of the world. And what we also get excited about is, while we talk to you a lot about what's going on in the electrical powertrain in cars, it's also important that we're taking this technology over to the commercial transportation space as well. And a key example how we're doing that there is the applications in our work with Nikola. Nikola is using hydro and electric technology in its next generation trucks and we have partnered with them to enable these designs as we work with them on their architecture. Our products are in various sub-systems within the electrified powertrain of their trucks as well as also the various infotainment and driver convenience systems that use high speed data connectivity solutions. And what's really important about this as we look forward is all these things come together in delivering a class 8 zero-emission truck with equal or better performance of a diesel truck in -- capable of its 750-mile range. And I think it just proves that in the markets we've had leadership and we're going to continue to have clear leadership as we help solve next generation electrical powertrains. So with that on Transportation, let me turn over to the Industrial segment. In the Industrial segment, our sales declined 13% organically year-over-year and adjusted operating margins were approximately 13% and certainly impacted by the lower volumes. Important, that we feel good that we remain on track with our long-term margin expansion plans to drive adjusted operating margins into the higher teens in this segment. During the quarter, commercial aerospace and industrial equipment performed as we expected however, we did see some declines in our medical business due to the delays and elective procedures caused by COVID-19. We do believe this is a short-term dynamic in our medical business that is consistent with what our customers are seeing and we expect this market to return to strong growth as elective procedures start to increase. And just to remind you, what we've built in our medical space is a leading position around interventional procedures. And we will come back to strong growth because this is a market that we believe long term has high single-digit growth and we partner with the leading device makers globally by enabling minimally invasive treatment for heart-valve replacement, stroke clot removal, brain aneurysm treatment and other critical procedures. And to bring it to life, on average, 120 patients per minute are treated with medical devices that incorporate our innovation and we generated over $1 billion of design wins in this business, which will enable strong growth over the long term. Let me turn to Communications and give a recap of that segment in the quarter. So in this segment, we grew 4% organically year-over-year and adjusted operating margins expanded to approximately 16% that was in line with the business model target of the mid-teens that we've been talking to you about. Data and devices grew 13% organically year-over-year due to our strong position in high-speed solutions and cloud applications. In this business, we continue to benefit from the increasing demand for bandwidth and higher speeds in the data center. Our products and technologies enable 800 gigabit per second performance and with that also the thermal properties that are required in next-generation data center for the world's leading cloud providers. Similar to medical, in the past three year, we generated over $1 billion of new design wins in our cloud business giving us confidence around future growth. So with that backdrop, both overall and with the segments, let me turn it over to Heath who'll get into more details on the financials and our expectations going forward.
Heath Mitts: Well, thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 9, where I will provide more details on the Q3 financials. Adjusted operating income was $240 million with an adjusted operating margin of 9.4%, adjusted EPS was $0.59. GAAP operating income was $134 million and included $98 million of restructuring and other charges and $8 million of acquisition charges. We expect restructuring charges to be approximately $250 million for this fiscal year similar to last year. GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.18 for the quarter and included a non- cash tax related charge of $0.51 related to an increase for our valuation allowance for certain non-U.S. deferred tax assets. We also had restructuring and acquisition and other charges of $0.25. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q3 was 15.9%. For Q4, we expect a tax rate of approximately 19.5%. Importantly, we expect our tax rate to continue to stay well below our reported ETR for the full year. Turning to Slide 10; sales of $2.5 billion were down 25% year-over-year on both reported and organic basis. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $35 million versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 9.4% and as Terrence mentioned, I am pleased with our overall performance, especially given the over 40% sales drop in our auto business in the quarter. We continue to execute on footprint consolidation plans and pursue additional opportunities to drive cost reduction. We remain committed to our margin expansion goals and we expect volume growth combined with our restructuring plans to drive adjusted operating margins in transportation to 20%, industrial into the high-teens and communications consistently in the mid-teens. In the quarter, cash from continued operations was $380 million. Free cash flow was $280 million for the quarter and year-to-date free cash flow was $834 million. For this fiscal year, we expect free cash flow to be above $1 billion. In the quarter, we returned $241 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and just as we noted last quarter, we will continue to thoughtfully evaluate the buyback program as we see market conditions evolve. I now want to give you an update from an operational perspective. We are currently operating all of our factories around the world. As Terrence mentioned, our manufacturing resiliency has enabled us to support our customers' demand through a volatile supply-chain environment. Our inventory position increased in the quarter, which helped us meet customer commitments but we do expect to reduce our inventory levels going forward normalizing to the demand environment. Reinforcing our comments from last quarter, we are in a strong liquidity position with approximately $2 billion available to have a strong balance sheet. This allows us to maintain a balanced capital strategy, returning capital to shareholders, while continuing to invest to support our growth opportunities. Now please turn to Slide 11 to summarize how we are thinking about the fourth quarter based on everything we've discussed so far today. For Q4, we are expecting sales to grow approximately 10% from Q3 with sequential improvement driven by auto. As we mentioned earlier, we are expecting approximately 35% fall-through to adjusted operating income on that sequential volume growth. In terms of market, we are expecting global auto production to increase from approximately 12 million vehicles in our fiscal Q3 to approximately 17 million in our fiscal Q4. We believe this is supported by the production ramps of our customers along with the appropriate levels of dealer inventory in China and North America. As we discussed throughout the call, our portfolio is well balanced to benefit from several secular trends across our business including content growth. While this will be a gradual recovery, as Terrence noted earlier, we do expect revenue growth and margin and EPS expansion as demand returns. So while the demand environment continues to be dynamic, we are pleased with our operations resiliency as well as our ability to keep employees safe while continuing to serve our customers during this challenging time. We have a solid balance sheet, ample liquidity and solid free cash flow, which enables us to maintain a balanced capital strategy and we will continue to invest in growth opportunities across our business. I'm also very confident that this will enable us to emerge stronger and more profitable when markets do return to growth. So with that, Sujal, let's open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Sure. Jacqueline, could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Terrence, really impressive performance on the trough operating margins this cycle. For my question, I was wondering if you could provide some additional color on the quarter cadence you're seeing and any early thoughts on how this recovery cadence compares to perhaps, other auto downturns you've seen. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Wamsi. So let me spend a little bit more time on orders, expand on what I said. So first off, one of the things that I think has been unique about this downturn has been production was shut off even when there was still demand and that's very different than any other downturn. And our orders in the quarter and you can see on the order slide I went through, the $2.4 billion and even our book-to-bill was very light in the quarter because of the sharp decline in orders we saw in April in the western world. And we saw Asia and China orders and China they bounced back. In other markets like Japan and Korea they are still recovering but didn't go down as deep as certainly Europe and North America did. So when you think about the shape that we've seen and what we're working with our customers on especially, in Transportation, you saw as they were thinking about ramping improvement in May -- improvement in June and as we've shared during the call you had -- we have 1.05 book-to-bill in July and I think one of the keys when you think about a book-to-bill, there is a numerator and there is a denominator and the denominator is also strong. So it gives us the confidence around where we're telling you we think sales are going to be, even though we continue to be in a very volatile environment. I think when you think about and let's keep it to transportation first, how is production ramping. We do see production getting back to 17 million units, which is pretty consistent with where production was in the second quarter but it's still below the 21 million units. So it's nice to see our customers ramp. If you take places like North America and China, dealer inventories look in line because production was shut down so abruptly and demand continued albeit at a lower level. So they're the things we're going to continue to be watching as we move forward and what has been nice outside of transportation, while there's puts and takes like we covered both Heath and I, while there's strength in some markets it's also offsetting some markets that are weak like Comair and I think that demonstrates how we improve the portfolio over our time since the last crisis. So we are encouraged by where the orders have been tracking to but certainly, it is a continually environment that's impacted by COVID that I think we do believe will continue to be a gradual recovery as I said, don't think it'll be bouncing back to 21 million vehicles immediately, but we have to see how the world heals and how the economy heals.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, I had one question on the incremental margins and it's super early in the West Coast, I'm probably doing the math wrong but it looks like you did about 43% decremental margins in the June quarter and the guide I think is implying about 35% incremental margins. So I guess, Terrence or Heath, maybe it would be helpful to understand why aren't we seeing the same magnitude of margin recovery in the September quarter as we saw the downtick over here. Just some context in this would be really helpful. Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Amit. This is Heath, and good morning. Your math is correct on the decrementals in terms of the magnitude of the sales drop in our fiscal third quarter. It was about $650 million and clearly the guidance, if you will, here in terms of our directional sequential move up 10% is implies something closer to $250 million or so on the way back up sequentially. So part of it is just the magnitude of the revenue drop versus the smaller initial rebound. The other thing is, and keep in mind I mentioned in my prepared comments, that we will be reducing inventory in the quarter and that does have some effect as we speak about the flow through math on how the handles works through our absorption. So thank you for the question.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. Question for Terrence. Just can you talk about the dollar content that you're seeing in designs for EVs versus combustion? And then just more broadly, I know there's been a lot of supply chain disruptions but what are you seeing from a new design outside of EV, just in automotive, are you seeing any sole programs or as things are kind of tracking as you'd expect from a new design perspective?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Thanks, Craig, for the question. So a couple of things. One of the things that is a real positive that we talked about in the prepared comments was, were our contents holding in? And let's face it, the contents holding in very strong and we have the separation and it is due to the progress in EV. And we're getting the benefit of -- while electric vehicles are up 12%, you're seeing that in the content and you see that year-to-date. When you -- and I think the story around content is still the same for us. It's going to be 4% to 6% over time. We're proving it through the cycle, which I think is one of the things that I think we're going to prove to you through a down cycle here that, that content story is real. And the other thing that I would share with you is how we thought about what that content opportunity is versus a combustion engine has not changed. So when you think about full electric, due to not only the normal features you have as you get in the electrified powertrain and the other products we bring and the architecture we bring, we still view that's 2 times our traditional combustion engine, that's around 60 some bucks. Hybrid electric is about 1.5 times. So when you look there, that's intact. Now, when -- to the second part of your question about what do we see from customers. Our customers continue full steam ahead on the electric programs, but they are making choices and we do see around some areas, around autonomy that is being pushed out. So as they're making their choices as they're selling less cars, producing less cars and they have the pressures of COVID but they are making choices and where you see the choice of being made prioritize are very much on the electric powertrain and we have seen some slowdowns in some features and programs around autonomy. As you always know electric vehicles are bigger content play for us that we shared with you, manual autonomy. Certainly, autonomy will continue to be a content opportunity, it's just going to be a longer route and that's what we're seeing. And we did have some program slippage just due to how our customers have to work with COVID and had to delay some ramps but that's just temporary. It's not impacting our content at all. So hopefully that helps.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Craig. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Giordano from Cowen. Your line is open.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just curious about the content discussion here. As you talk about like a 40% increase in market production in the next quarter, how do you guys expect to compare to that and just some of your competitors, when they're talking about the market over the next three and six months have been pretty conservative versus third party estimates and talking about summer shutdowns and some restocking in China over the last month or few months that haven't been might directly related to production, so I'm just curious how you think through that?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Sure, Joe. So let me maybe, share a little bit about the production environment then we'll get into -- because we do believe there is some supply chain work off by our customers. So we do -- we did say that we think there's going to be 17 million vehicles made in the fourth quarter and in China is running about 4.5 million units. So it's come back, it's -- production's solid there. We still expect that in North America and Western Europe, we are off a very deep trough and I think the other key element to realize is being a global leader, we're strong in every market, which also includes Japan and Korea and not just North America, Europe and China. While the effect has not been as deep in Japan and Korea, auto production is still of pre-COVID levels in Japan and Korea. So we see that we are in a gradual recovery back up. So that's the production environment that we see and that's really from talking to our customers and the insights we have. When we think about sequential revenue, we do expect an increase aligned with our content to the production. But as I mentioned, there is about $100 million that we think needs to work off by our customers. They ramp down hard and they're ramping up for it and from a supply chain that is a lot to happen perfectly. So as we think about our guide and as I said from our expectations, there is about $100 million that is primarily in automotive that we think needs to be worked off [indiscernible] things back into normalization. So hopefully that answers your question.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Shawn Harrison from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Shawn Harrison: Hi. Morning, everybody. Terrence, you touched on kind of EV acceleration but maybe you could speak on kind of what you're seeing coming out of this may be an acceleration of programs in other end markets or businesses or things that just you've seen during COVID that have you excited. Then also just the other side of that kind of incremental margins on the upside as you get through this restructuring, are they going to be better than kind of what we've seen or at least anticipating better than what we've seen over the past couple of years as well.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Thanks, Shawn, and I think when you say what do I get excited about post-COVID the first thing will be that we're post-COVID. So certainly, it's been a challenging environment that we're all living in. The first one that I would say, and it's a little bit different than where we position TE and also the cost actions that you highlight in your question is one of the things that we are very excited about in this time is opportunity to just score share gain. During this time, our customers are making choices. They have to make choices as they are dealing with the same reality we are. And during the last downturn, we picked up share in some key markets and I also believe this market is an opportunity for that and I think some of the things we talked about upfront not only how we innovate, how we're proving them through manufacturing, we're going to be there for them no matter what market environment we're in and also the stability of TE from our capital structure that was pre- COVID. That's one thing we do get excited about. The other thing I would tell you that we're excited about as it goes into some of your cost elements and incremental margins is, we're excited, we didn't hit this downturn being flat footed. We talked to you about the work we've had to do in transportation as we were planning around an 84 million global vehicle environment that we had cost actions that were starting that will come in as we go forward and let's face it, we'll have to do further adjustments to whatever global auto production comes out to and also in industrial, where we were marching up. Certainly, we have to make some adjustments in some of the areas around commercial aerospace due to the [indiscernible] that market, but I do feel that we didn't hit it flat-footed and our teams are embracing the reality of where markets have been impacted. We're making those adjustments that we have to make to really make sure we serve our customers and also our owners well. The other thing I would say that we do get excited about and you see it in the result, which it is very different where we position TE. We have a leading automotive business that we aren't going to apologize for. The content opportunities, those around the EV as well as the returns we get in that business, are very strong and they have not changed the return profile. The other thing I would tell you is you see the benefits of how this portfolio has changed. You see us talking about cloud, you see us meeting our target margins and the other opportunities that I highlighted in the script, I feel very good about. So where this portfolio's positioned we're being impacted by COVID in our leading business but we don't feel we should apologize for it because it's a global business with a leading position that our customers are going to need us more now and we see opportunity in this time as we come out of it and we're going to be there for them. So I do appreciate you asking that question, Shawn, maybe get away from the current a little bit but I do appreciate the question.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Shawn. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks, good morning. I was wondering if you could just -- maybe, following up on that last question talk a little bit more about your footprint from two aspects. One is your advantages versus say the other large sensor -- like Molex, Amphenol, Hirose, etc. since you highlighted that. And then secondly, Terrence and Heath, just getting a sense for the endpoint on the industrial business or rather the manufacturing footprint, how do we think about that given your prior comments. Do we [indiscernible] relative to when auto production comes back to prior levels and your content gains, how much more would there be to go? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. So let me take the first part and then I'll ask Heath to take the second part, Steve and thanks for the question. One of the things when you think about the footprint and -- one of the things, it's a fragmented space and you mentioned a couple of customers, it is very important especially as people are trying to think about where supply chains need to be post-COVID, certainly post other things going on in the world and how we've continued over the past decade to make sure we are global, while also making sure we're supporting regional supply chains. You all know, we've done a lot of work and it's actually served us extremely well in this time. So as our customers are really working through, where do their supply chain's going to be post-COVID and certainly the various strategies we continue to see our global deployment, which is balance to our revenue and also how we continue to make shifts to be something that is a differentiator. So in some cases we compete against companies that are very regional, might be in only a single country and where we're able to flex it is very important. And I think we proved that during the tariff time and certainly we're continuing to prove it during COVID and I think you saw that in both last quarter in this quarter's results. As we go forward, we still view that that's the right strategy, that we're going to continue to make sure we engineer where innovation's happening in the world and where innovation occurs and where manufacturing occurs is not always completely aligned based upon our customer strategy. So it is very important in our business model that the innovation in our engineering nodes or where innovation happens in the world, we have not seen where the innovation happens in the world change. Certainly, there has been more discussion around how does the supply chain work and we're going to continue to evolve to make sure we service our customers as they see where they want to innovate and make and that will continually evolve, supply chains don't change in a day. And I really like how we're positioned and how we service our customers especially in this dynamic time. So that's the first-half. Heath, do you want to take the second half around the Industrial?
Heath Mitts: Yes. And Steve, I appreciate the question. The industrial footprint -- we talked about really going back to a couple -- three years ago in terms of that journey that we're on and the number of facilities where they are and everything, that is unchanged. We are executing along that plan. I will say that we're still a couple of years away and partly is because of some of the COVID driven slowdown, particularly in the commercial aerospace, where we're not expecting a recovery any time soon. And that does avail us opportunity to continue to streamline that footprint. So we're still a couple of years away but you'll see incremental improvements along the way like I believe you already have. So I think the next couple of years are going to continue to be very busy both on the transportation side and on the industrial side with some of the activity that's underway.
Steven Fox: Thank you. That's helpful.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank...
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Steve.
Sujal Shah: Thanks, Steve. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning and thanks very much for taking the question.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Mark.
Mark Delaney: Morning. I was hoping to better understand the thought process about reducing the company's inventory this current quarter and maybe you can frame it relative to the bookings that are improving and also with the footprint consolidation, I think the company would need to carry some extra inventory to enable the footprint consolidation. So if you can balance some of those facts with the decision to reduce inventory and provides more clarity on that, it would be helpful. Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Mark. And I'll take that question, this is Heath. We made a conscious decision in certain parts of the business when things really started getting, I'll say, choppy or dynamic here back in the spring, that our customers are -- which are front and center in our inventory discussions, they were still working through exactly what their production plans look like. Some were thinking a shorter-term shutdown, which then evolved to a longer term shut down. Some were moving production in different places, there was obviously an opportunity for us to make sure we were there with them and we made the conscious decision to hold a bit more inventory in different parts of the world in different end markets to make sure we were there. Now, as we see a little bit more stability in the order pattern and a little bit more consistency week-to-week, it does avail an opportunity for us to, I'll say, more normalize. Now, you are absolutely right. There are some buffer builds associated with factory moves but some of that was underway here, not just starting to hear in those past quarters, some of that has been underway for a while, so that's already built into our assumption set and we'll continue to manage it along the lines of what we see out there with demand patterns. But I see an opportunity in the quarter to reduce it and we'll execute on that but if we need to make decisions otherwise as the quarter progresses, we will. It's all tied to how we think about the customers' order pattern and the confidence that we can have coming from their moves.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from David Kelley from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Kelley: Hey, good morning. Just hoping you could remind us of your typical sequential flow through in a growth macro and maybe given your cost actions over the last three years, how are you thinking about potential leverage post inventory work-down and we were curious, particularly if we see a gradual market recovery through '21, how are you thinking about sequential flow through here?
Heath Mitts: Well, I mean, our sequential flow through -- if you go back over time, right in a, I'll say, more normalized environment, which we certainly view those days a bit more favorably but we would -- can kind of say, we -- our flow through would be consistently around 25% year-over-year on that kind of math. Sequential flow through though can be a bit more dynamic because your cost structure, every 90 days, doesn't move as much as it might year-over-year. Now we have taken a lot of cost out, we have a lot more cost that is going to continue to come out. That has the benefit for us of simply reducing our fixed cost base as we consolidate plants and so forth. And so, coming out of this, I would hope that our flow through would obviously improve versus maybe, normalized times if you go back over the last couple of years. At the same time, we're continuing to make some investments to grow with our customers as they recover but right now, I feel like the moves that we're making will have a significant impact on our fixed cost structure particularly, in our Industrial and in our transportation businesses. And we've taken charges over the last two years of about $500 million to enable that. Now some of that's because many of these plants were outside the U.S. and tend to have more expensive restructuring cost to do so but the long-term strategy is worth the cost to us. So it will improve versus that 25%. I can't tell you exactly when because some of that's going to be dependent upon -- a lot of that will be dependent upon where revenue comes back to.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, David. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Deepa Raghavan: Hi, good morning. Can you talk through how European automotive vertical is responding to the green stimulus and other incentives provided by countries there? Also, how would you generally rate the sales recovery trend in Europe automotive? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Deepa, it's Terrence. One of the things in your question is, the EU had put in, in Europe carbon regulations that have been impacting our customers that we talked a lot about pre-COVID and certainly how those regulations have come in. I think when you really look at what we've seen and certainly COVID has made it confusing while those regulations are in, I think the real bright spot that we see -- and the growth this year in electric vehicles, that 12% we talked about is almost entirely driven out of Europe. And if we went back, two, three years ago, we would have sat down with you and said China and Asia will be the driver of hybrid and electric vehicles, then Europe and North America. Certainly, there isn't regulatory support for it, North America would always be the slowest adoption rate. And with the regulations that we have, European EV and HEV sales were up about 90% year-on-year. So it actually gives us confidence that some of those regulations are gaining traction in the car sales and also in the production levels. And as you all know, Europe is one of our higher content regions and also a higher share region. So it's sorted very well and we've been investing very much in electric vehicles all over the world but certainly in Europe and Asia it's been very important. So those trends are helping us, we think that certainly they're going to continue to help us as we go forward. So thanks for the question.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Deepa. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Suva from Citigroup Investments. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you. Terrence, I believe, if I heard correctly, on your prepared comments you mentioned guidance for transportation to be up around 20%, if I heard that right. And if so...
Terrence Curtin: You are right, Jim.
Jim Suva: Yes. And if so then auto production, I think people are expecting kind of say, from 12 million to 17 million, which is like a 40% or a much bigger increase. What's the reason or rationale to bridge that gap? Is that inventory digestion or timing? And if so, does that kind of getting equilibrium after this quarter?
Terrence Curtin: Sure. No. Good question, Jim, and really there's two factors. When we talk about our Transportation segment, no different than our quarter we just ended, auto production was down 40%, the segment was down 30%. So there are other things outside auto, that's industrial, transportation, certainly sensors. So there is an element of it that won't voice quarterly but the other big part is the part that you articulated. We do and as I said in my prepared comments, we still think there is about $100 million of supply chain to work off as our customers have been trying to get their component supply chains lined up and that's a headwind as we go sequentially and a lot of that's in automotive. So if you look at it, it is 40% in production increase from the 12 million to the 17 million. You also get the $100 million of supply chain work off and then just realize there we have two other units in that segment that aren't fully auto. So that's really how you should think about it.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much.
Sujal Shah: Thanks, Jim. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thank you. Terrence, I'm hoping you can give us your read on the commercial transportation business. We've been in a cyclical downturn for the last few quarters here, so what's your outlook there? Has that market bottomed as the commercial -- as the passenger vehicle market has or is there still some downside there? And then, related to that the content opportunity, I think, in that market probably is as beneficial as it is in the passenger vehicle market.
Terrence Curtin: No. Thanks, Matt. You asked about one of our more complex markets and when you look there, it has been in a downturn and we talked to you about it. And when we think about 2020, the year we're in, globally you have -- construction has been weak, the truck and bus part has been weak and certainly, agriculture has been weak. So if you really take the bigger markets there, they've all been weak and there is different inflection points when you look at that geographically. Emissions play a very big part into this market, not only what's goes on with COVID and it's one of the things that I think when you go to, as we see there in certain regions it does look like it's bottom line. In other areas due to emission benefits we've gotten, it may get weaker. So it's a tale of multiple cities. The more important thing is where we've improved our content opportunity here and one of the things that I think we've done an exceptional job on not only in where we were traditionally strong in the U.S. and North America and Europe but also in China. I mean China this year will be our largest region in our industrial transportation market and that's very different than when we did the Deutsche acquisition. Historically, you would have had probably -- China would have been maybe 10% share and now it's our largest region, really due to how we've really penetrated that market, taken advantage of the infrastructure spending there and also the emissions evolution and that is truly not only market story but a content story. And then, even the example I gave during the script today where you see some of the progress of where does a sustainable powertrain go and a Class 8 truck in ICT on total we can range on average $300 to $400 of content per vehicle. You get really like a 3 times in electrifying a large vehicle. And they are the things that our engineers are working on with our customers and as that become more of a reality, will drive content growth. So it's not only what we see in the auto but also some of those features that we're trying to be taking over into the truck and bus and the commercial transportation markets are also benefiting us and we have the leading position in that market similar to automotive business. So, it's really about how do we continue to help our customers as they want to take to the next generation architectures.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just had one longer-term question on automotive; I mean, you've talked today extensively about the leverage you have to electrification as a theme. Just curious kind of how to think about the portfolio -- automotive portfolio and leverage to autonomous vehicles as a kind of theme overall, even though we are seeing some push outs here and you mentioned kind of the landscape is good for share gains overall in this kind of -- right now the environment we are in. But how are you thinking about M&A in this landscape? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Well, a couple of things. First off, we are exposed, both what one of the things I think is unique to us. We benefit from both of those trends and many companies benefit from one or the other. Autonomy though has been one when you think about architecture in a car, it has always been a lower content opportunity versus EV and we've shared those content charts with you about how much do we get on a content about $65, which could break down between safety applications, infotainment and data stack as well as production -- I mean powertrain stack. And clearly the powertrain stack is always the biggest content for us and that's why we do benefit as the architecture moves more electric. Autonomy is going to be something that drives content, it's part of our four to six but clearly not the largest piece of it. Powertrain has always been the largest piece and we play in all the applications in the car just not specific ones. As you look at M&A, I think as we've gone over time, we're going to look where we can add valuable to the acquisition as well as helps us solve our customers' problem and we continue to look at M&A, you see First Sensor we finally closed after we announced that last year. That's going to help us from the sensor suite and we'll continue to look at M&A across all our businesses as we move forward to say how does it strengthen us and continue to improve our portfolio and get return for our owners.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Samik. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from -- comes from Joseph Spak from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joseph Spak: Thanks very much. Terrence, maybe you could just be a little bit more explicit about your assumption for North America production on the year-over-year basis in this coming quarter because indications are that July is -- you've been flat to up year-over-year. So I just want to understand some of your conservatism there and then maybe also if you could just clarify, I thought I heard you say 4.5 million units in China which seems well below trend, I don't know if that was if I misheard there but you could clarify that. Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: A couple of things; you're 4 million to 4.5 million for China is right in per quarter. So that's a per quarter number not an annual number, so that is where we view China production was in quarter three and we expect it to be similar in quarter four. So that is right for China and when you get to North America, honestly, we think North American production is going to be around 3.5 million units, which is pretty consistent with where it was in quarter one and quarter two of this year. I do want to -- I made the comment earlier at TE we serve every piece of the world and North America is our slowest -- is our lowest piece of our revenue. So just remember, there is other countries out there that we have very large positions like Japan, like Korea in addition to North America. So North America we expect production to be about 3.5 million units in the fourth quarter.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from Nick Todorov from Longbow. Your line is open.
Nick Todorov: Yes, guys. Thanks, good morning. I think, giving us those production numbers, I think you and your competitors differ from the third-party estimates. I was wondering if you can give us any sense of what is your initial thought on calendar year '21 production. I know we are way too far, visibility is very low but how do you think about the recovery. I think you mentioned you're expecting a gradual one, do you see a scenario wherein calendar year '21 production goes back to similar levels to 2019 or are you thinking that's going to take a little bit longer to get there?
Terrence Curtin: I think the one thing you have to think about and it's the hard thing that we all have to deal with is how does COVID continue to impact. It is the things that's the same and how does that go forward. So we can't comment on 2021. I think the key is you look right now and we are encouraged that production is getting back to 17 million units. We have to see that the consumer demand pull-through on those cars produced. We'd like where inventory levels are right now but as this is all ramping I think the first that we have to get there to is how does our customers ramp up to 17 million after being at 12 million and where the consumer demand goes into next year and I think the baseline you would start with is where quarter four production's at as you go into next year and you can do scenarios. I think point estimates are very dangerous in an environment like this, you got to be thinking scenarios.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Nick. It looks like there is no further question. So if you do have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE; and we thank you for joining us this morning. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal Year 2020. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's Second Quarter 2020 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we'll be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements, included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions, during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today to cover our second quarter results insights around what we're seeing in real time, and how this is expected to impact us as we look forward. We are all living through a challenging environment brought about by the global COVID-19 pandemic. When we had our last earnings call just 90 days ago and provided our outlook, it was before the initial onset of COVID in China, and we did not include any expected impact in our quarter two guidance. I'm very pleased that, despite the impacts, we were able to deliver the results in line with the expectations and meet the commitments we made to our customers as well as our shareholders during the quarter. Now, before I get into the results, I do want to thank our employees. As you all know, we are a global company with engineering and manufacturing operations around the world and the safety of our employees has been primary concern. I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation to our teams for their dedication as we navigate the COVID-19 crisis and continue to effectively serve our customers as they also were trying to figure out how to navigate this crisis. A few things that I think stand out in our response to this crisis. First, as a company we were able to prioritize the safety of our employees, while demonstrating strong execution with our customers. Our engineering customer service and other non-manufacturing teams adapted well to remote and online work to ensure innovation and service to our customers. I also believe we demonstrated operations resiliency. In China, we brought back our plants online relatively quickly considering the environment and steadily increased utilization levels to minimize the impact in the quarter. All of our factories are open and running in China and Heath will highlight where we are in manufacturing in Europe and North America in his section a little bit later. And lastly, I believe we demonstrated agility, and it gives us confidence about our ability to continue to adapt to changing conditions. Our employees have been extraordinary in supporting our communities, customers and each other. And what I've seen in the past few months gives me confidence in our position coming out of this crisis. We'll talk more about what we expect over the next few months, but I am proud of the performance, resilience and flexibilities of our team in this quarter. So if you could, let me start talking about results and they'll begin on slide 3 and I'll frame out the key points of today's call. We delivered sales that were in line with our guidance and adjusted earnings per share that was above the high end of our guidance range with strong performance across all three of our segments. Adjusted operating margins were above 16%, and reflect the diversity of our portfolio and the early execution of cost reduction actions placing TE in a position of strength at a time of continued uncertainty. Another key point is that our balance sheet is strong and we have ample liquidity. A key part of our business model is a strong free cash flow engine that is resilient in periods like this. We expect to generate well in excess of $1 billion of free cash flow this year and we also have $2.3 billion of liquidity available. Also, as we look forward there is limited visibility of future demand. We do expect to see greater COVID-19 related impacts in our business in the second half with particular market weakness in Transportation as well as in the commercial aerospace market. As a result, we are estimating that our sales could be down approximately 25% sequentially into quarter three from our quarter two levels. And lastly, as we look beyond the crisis, we do remain excited about where we position TE strategically. I'm convinced we'll get through the crisis, and there is no change to our margin expansion plans and the expectations we've shared with you. We expect to improve our earning power by continuing to execute footprint consolidation plans, while accelerating additional cost reductions in light of the weaker-demand environment. When markets do stabilize and return to growth, we're well positioned to benefit from a recovery in China which is about 20% of our business, as well as a broader recovery in the automotive and Transportation markets. And the other thing that's great with our cash flow is that, we will continue to invest in content growth opportunities to enable outperformance versus underlying end-markets. And we will continue to benefit from the secular trends across the businesses and where we position TE. So if you could, I'd appreciate if you could turn to slide 4 and in four -- and I'll get in to review a few additional highlights from the second quarter. Sales of $3.2 billion were in line with our guidance. And it was down 6% on a reported basis and 5% organically year-over-year. Our orders grew sequentially. And we saw a book-to-bill of 1.05. And these orders reflect that our customers are securing supply chain of components in an uncertain supply-and-demand environment. In fact our orders in the quarter were higher than we expected when we started the quarter. But I think a key point is that late in the quarter, we did see a falloff in orders in certain businesses which continued into April. And I'll discuss that more, when I talk to the next slide. From an earnings perspective, our adjusted operating margins were above 16%. And adjusted earnings per share of $1.29 exceeded the high end of our guidance, driven by the strong execution of our teams in all segments. And reinforcing my earlier comments on our cash-generative business model, year-to-date free cash flow was up 34% versus the prior year. And in the second quarter, free cash flow was approximately $310 million, with approximately $430 million being returned to shareholders during the quarter. Going forward we remain committed to our dividend. But we'll continue to evaluate our share buyback plans in light of the uncertain market conditions. As we look forward, we are withdrawing our guidance for the full year. But we are providing a high-level view of quarter three, as compared to quarter two. For the third quarter, we believe that our sales could be down approximately 25% sequentially with a roughly 45% sequential fall through to adjusted operating income on the sequential revenue decline. This reflects the order trends we're seeing, with market weakness driven primarily in the Transportation and commercial aerospace markets, along with some inventory and supply chain corrections that I will discuss. While we can't influence the market environment or how COVID will impact our customers, we remain committed to execute on the levers we can control, to drive our cost reduction and footprint consolidation plans, while continuing to invest in the long-term growth and content opportunities of TE. So please turn to slide 5 and let me get to the order trends, not only in the quarter but also what we've seen since quarter end. For the second quarter, orders were at $3.4 billion and stronger-than-expected as customers secured supply of components in an uncertain supply chain, particularly in China. While we were impacted by the COVID-related shutdowns in China early in February, I am pleased with how quickly we brought our 18 factories back online. Due to the high levels of automation our revenue was minimally impacted in the quarter. And we were able to maintain production to meet our customer commitments, even with periods of labor shortages. I believe this demonstrates that our core manufacturing capability is a source of differentiation, both for TE as well as our customers. As you can see on the chart, we've laid out the sequential orders for quarter one and quarter two. So, I'm not going to spend as much time on the actual numbers in quarter two. But I want to spend time on what we're seeing in late March through April to provide a more accurate picture of demand going forward, as the Americas and Europe were being impacted by COVID. In Transportation, we saw a drop-off of orders that started both in auto and commercial Transportation late in March and continued into April. As you know our customers have closed factories starting late March, in Europe and North America. I am also sure you've seen some of the announcements discussing, the plant closures as well as the assumptions when production can return. In Industrial, we saw erosion of orders in commercial aerospace. But we had ongoing strength of orders in our Defense business, our Medical business, and our energy business. And our Energy business services the power utilities of the world. In Communications, we have seen stronger demand in data and devices for cloud-based applications, as data centers build out further capacity to handle the increase in high-speed data traffic and storage as well as China recovering. And in China, which represents about 20% of our sales and in March and into April our orders have basically returned to pre-Lunar New Year levels, before the COVID outbreak occurred in China. So we are seeing a recovery in China, across many of our businesses. So let me turn to slide 6. And I can frame how these trends connect to our sales view of quarter three. And this is a new chart that we included for you. We are highlighting some of the major sequential drivers from quarter two to quarter three and our assumptions on this slide, but I do want to highlight we aren't capturing all the puts-and-takes of our different businesses in the quarter. Directionally, we are expecting sales to decline approximately 25% sequentially into quarter three and we put these into four buckets. The first bucket is around auto production. We do expect auto production globally to decline by approximately 1/3 sequentially from the 18 million vehicles globally produced in the second quarter to approximately 12 million vehicles being produced in the third quarter which is in line with IHS' view. This production decline in auto will drive about half of our sequential decline of total company revenue. The second bucket is an expected reduction in commercial aerospace market of approximately 1/3 due to lower production by the large airframe manufacturers. So these first two buckets are really market related. The third bucket is around the auto supply chain. And with our second quarter auto sales, well ahead of production and I'll talk about that there was a component inventory build by our customers in the quarter. As a result, we expect approximately $200 million of inventory adjustments by our customers in the third quarter and this should be a temporary effect as that inventory bleeds off. And then the fourth bucket covers supply chain impacts outside of auto. TE and our customers have a number of factories that are temporally shut down due to COVID-19, as a result of government actions. We expect the resulting supply chain disruptions to impact a number of our other businesses and this will cause a reduction of approximately $100 million in the quarter, as we go through this quarter. I want to highlight this is the near-term impact that we're seeing due to the pandemic. But longer term, we expect to continue to benefit from broad secular trends across our businesses based upon the leading market positions that we've built. So let me now turn briefly to discuss segment results in the quarter and we provided you with the full details on slides, seven-through-nine for your reference. I'm just going to touch it high level verbally. In our Transportation segment, sales were down 5% organically year-over-year with declines in each of our business. Auto sales were down 2% organically with global production declines being down 20%. Our relatively stronger performance was driven by our customer supply chain builds ahead of factory closures, as well as the continued benefit of content growth. While, we are in a volatile demand environment, we continue to expect increased production of hybrid and electric vehicles and ongoing adoption of autonomous features which will continue our market outperformance that we've had for quite some time now. In sensors, I want to highlight that we recently completed the acquisition of First Sensor which will now be included in our financial results beginning in the third quarter. In the Industrial segment, our sales declined 3% organically year-over-year as we expected. We saw declines in commercial aerospace and industrial equipment as a result of the market weakness. However, we are seeing stability in defense medical and energy due to positive underlying trends and expect those businesses to continue to be stable as we move through the rest of the year. In Communications, sales and margins came in as we expected. And while data and devices declined in the second quarter, we are seeing growth in high-speed and cloud applications and expect this to continue into our third quarter. So with that as a backdrop, let me turn it over to Heath who will get into more details on the financials and then I'll come back and cover our expectations for the third quarter.
Heath Mitts: Thanks Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to Slide 10 where Ill provide more details on the Q2 financials. Adjusted operating income was $519 million with an adjusted operating margin of 16.2%. Adjusted EPS was $1.29 exceeding the high end of guidance. GAAP operating loss was $415 million due to a onetime noncash charge in the quarter of $900 million. This reflects a partial impairment of the goodwill associated with our sensors business. Also include are $22 million of restructuring and other charges and $12 million of acquisition charges. We continue to expect restructuring charges in the range of $200 million to $250 million for this fiscal year. GAAP EPS was a loss of $1.35 for the quarter and included non-cash charge of $2.67 related to the goodwill impairment and restructuring acquisitions and other charges of $0.08. On the other side, we also had a tax-related benefit of $0.12 related to the pre-separation tax matters and the termination of the tax sharing agreement shared previously. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q2 was 16.1%. And for the third quarter we would expect a similar rate. And if you turn to Slide 11. Sales of $3.2 billion were down 2 -- were down over $200 million year-over-year, including an impact of $60 million from currency exchange rates. But we were able to maintain adjusted operating margins over 16% in the quarter as I mentioned. As Terrence mentioned earlier, we already had a number of actions underway ahead of this downturn which helped us maintain healthy operating margins. For the past two years, we have been executing our margin expansion plans in the Industrial segment. And about a year ago, we kicked-off our factory footprint consolidation efforts in Transportation. We continue to execute on these plans and are accelerating certain cost actions due to the recent drop in volumes. I now want to give you an update from an operational perspective. We are operating all of our factories in China and most of our factories throughout Asia. Most of our factories in Europe are operating with the  including, the recent reopening of our factories in Italy and Spain. In North America, all of our factories are open in the U.S. but we do have some plants shutdown in Mexico, including those serving automotive. Many of our customers are going through temporary shutdowns of their manufacturing operations in different regions and all of this volatility has caused  has resulted in supply chain dynamics that Terrence discussed previously. In the quarter, cash from operation  from continuing operations was $481 million whereas free cash flow was $311 million and we returned $433 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. If you'll turn to slide 12 to review our cash flow and liquidity and this is a newer slide that we thought pertinent for this call today. We have a history of strong free cash flow generation and for the current year our free cash flow is up 34% year-to-date versus the prior year. For our fiscal year, we expect free cash flow to be well above $1 billion. Our long-term capital strategy is to return two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. And we remain committed to paying our dividend and we'll continue to thoughtfully evaluate share repurchases in light of evolving market conditions. We are also reducing our plans for capital expenditures to approximately $575 million this year, which is a reduction of about $100 million from our prior view 90 days ago. However, and this is important, we remain committed to funding growth initiatives that will enable future growth opportunities as that's the lifeblood of our company. We continue to execute on footprint consolidation plans and pursue additional opportunities to drive cost reductions. Across our businesses we have units that are being impacted to different degrees and for those units that are most impacted we are implementing selective furlough of employees that are largely tied to where our corresponding customers have temporary factory closures. We will continue to evaluate our cost structure as the demand environment evolves. We are in a strong liquidity position with $2.3 billion available, as the attached chart details our debt maturity ladder is gradual. In early February of this year we raised 550 million debt at 0% coupon. The use of the proceeds was for the acquisition of First Sensor and pre-funding of our pending $350 million debt maturity in June. At quarter end, we had a cash balance of approximately $800 million. Given our strong cash position, we have not needed to be in the commercial paper market for some time. We have a $1.5 billion undrawn revolver committed by a strong bank group. Within the revolver covenant, we expect to be well below the 3.75 rolling four-quarter debt-to-EBITDA ratio going forward. As a reference point with our current debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.5 we are well below that threshold. With that, I'll turn it over to Terrence to provide some additional commentaries about the forward look.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Heath. And we have provided some details of our expectations going forward on slide 13. So let me summarize with a few comments around the words on that page. For quarter three, from a market and demand perspective, we're expecting weakness to be driven by Transportation and commercial aerospace as I've said. In addition, we are expecting supply chain adjustments in Auto as well as broader supply chain impacts in other areas. And we expect the supply chain impact both in auto and other areas to be temporary. As a result, our best estimate for the quarter is an approximately 25% sequential sales decline with an approximate 45% flow-through to adjusted operating income on that revenue decline. And this fall-through is greater than our typical fall-through, due to the shortness and severity of the volume drop sequentially. During the call, we talked a lot about Transportation on comm air. But I do think it's important that, we highlight the areas that are continuing to stay stable as well as we benefit from and they are defense, medical, energy as well as data and devices. And that's about a-third of our revenue. The other thing is, we are in an excellent position to benefit as auto demand returns as well as China continues to recover. And while fourth quarter visibility is limited many believe that our quarter three the June quarter will be the low point in global auto production. We expect that production will improve as we move past quarter three and will benefit both from the production increases as well as inventory normalizing in the auto supply chain like I've talked about. While the demand environment is uncertain, I am pleased with our operations resiliency that we've shown and our ability to continue to serve our customers during this challenging time. We have an excellent free cash flow generation model with ample liquidity. And this allows us to continue to invest in content growth and other secular opportunities across our businesses to emerge stronger when our markets return back to growth. And with that Sujal, let's open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Okay, Marcelo, could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, good morning everybody, good to hear from you.
Terrence Curtin: Good morning, Shawn.
Shawn Harrison: Terrence, I wanted to just go to that last comment of auto production into the second half of the calendar year. And just maybe an idea of how much it could bounce back just upon the normalization of production schedules into the September quarter? I know IHS has a pretty robust figure out there. Maybe that's not realistic, but bounce-off is $12 million. And then secondarily, do you get the same type of margin uplift as production recovers versus the downtick you're seeing in the margin profile this quarter?
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Shawn for the question. And when you think about automotive let me just take a step back first. And where do we think auto production was going to be before COVID started and even last quarter and I know we talked about the $200 million supply chain impact. We thought the world was getting stable before COVID and there was going to be about 21 million units made per quarter on the planet. And last quarter, it was 18 million. And moving from that 21 million to that 18 million, a big chunk of that was China. China got impacted by COVID and a little bit elsewhere in the world. As we move to this 12 million from the 18 million to the 12 million, we are seeing China production tick up, but we're also seeing in the western parts of the world the impacts of the factory closures in Europe, in North America. And that's probably going to be down collectively in the western world about 50%, so 50. And as we look forward, our customers are going to continue to ramp. So when you think about the 12 million unit impact, I think it is reasonable to assume you're going to get an improvement into the fourth quarter as auto factories ramp back up and then in addition, we'll get the benefit as the supply chain works out. So I think there's a couple of factors that point to this quarter being a low point and quarter three has production come back online we get further recovery in China as well as we move back up. Where it'll be in the fourth quarter there's lots of numbers out there. You mentioned HIS, but we do think quarter three would be the low point. The other thing on your fall-down question, we would expect as we start to get whatever that level of production increase is, we do expect we'll get fall-up at a pretty significant rate. So it's the levers that Heath talked about that we've been doing on the cost side coming into this, which we're proud that we had those going. That'll give us some levers to work on during this, but I do think you can expect a pretty healthy fall-up no different than the fall-down. And it doesn't change how we think about what we're entitled to from margin in the markets. And in a place like auto where we are -- have a leading position, we think crises like this we've only gotten stronger out of and we're going to get stronger out of this one as our customers look for the partners and we're going to be there for them. And they're going to see TE there for them everywhere in the world.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Shawn. We have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, good morning.
Amit Daryanani: Good morning. I guess, Terrence, I'm curious in a post-COVID world, do you see market share dynamics accelerate in favor of larger companies. And do you think trends like integrated solutions for connectors and sensors are becoming more attractive to folks? I guess, I'm just trying to understand, when you've gone through recessions in the past, have you seen TE benefit from share gains as you go through a recovery?
Terrence Curtin: It's a great question and thanks for it. I think what you see as companies go through, we have benefited through these crisis to gain share. And I think back to 2008 and 2009 a little bit, while the company is very different, we did gain share because of the financial stability we have that Heath talked about. And also our global customers really looking to how do we get deeper and who's going to support them. And I actually believe that what you saw in our operational performance in the second quarter we did benefit. Where other people couldn't deliver we could. And as people were trying to secure supply chain, they were looking for who could keep their supply chains going in an uncertain time. So I do believe it's a differentiation point. I do think as we've always told you share doesn't move in big chunks in our industry. But they're going to be looking for the partners as they look forward. And I think between how our engineering teams were able to shift over to online innovation, we didn't see a tail-off in projects and also how we've been adapting our supply chain and also not only ours also helping our supply chain partners that are below us understand the safety protocols we expect because they are an extension of us. I'm pretty proud of what we accomplished. And I do think it creates opportunity for more stickiness as we come back. And I do think, it's share opportunity and that's one of the things we view positively about this crisis.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Amit. Could we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey, good morning all. The backdrop is what it is not much to control there. So I'm going to ask a little bit of forward-looking question just like the prior two. You touched upon this a little bit Terrence, but could you point to some specific signs of recovery we should be monitoring for here in Europe and North America especially automotive vertical. I mean, granted we understand it won't be the same playbook as China or even the trajectory as China in terms of trend. That's one part. Secondarily, as you look at your overall portfolio what are some of the verticals that we think -- that we should be looking for to believe that some segments that recover early and some that probably recover with a lag? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks Deepa. And I'm probably going to spend more time on the second part of your question, because I do think it's important. And I also think we spend a lot of time on the script framing we're seeing in auto and comm air. But when you think about our portfolio, there is a third of our portfolio that is feeling very little impact or minor impacts. And our data and device, cloud business actually we continue to see an acceleration in those orders. Our medical business has been very stable. Our energy business has been stable. And as we've been talking to you, defense has stayed stable and remains at a very high level. That envelope there's about a third of TE than I would say right now is very stable from an order perspective. We may have some areas where -- in countries where governments asked us to stay shut for a little bit. But those indicators, I think are continuing to remain stable and I feel good about how our teams are performing there. That's about a third. Then there is I would say our industrial equipment business as well as our appliance business. We do see some softness there. Both are benefiting from the recovery in China. Both had big China presences. But they are being impacted in the west and I do think they'll stay soft in the west. They have different underlying drivers. And in the Industrial business that would probably come back more as how does CapEx play out over time is what you would look at there. The third business is clearly Transportation. I think it does come into auto builds. And I think we spend a lot of time on that. But what I would also always highlight to you remember our unique position versus many companies. We are stronger in Asia and Europe and North America. So I do ask you as you look at builds and I know this group does the Asian and European builds are very important with North America sort of being a lower impact. And I know sometimes as being in the United States we look at the U.S. builds more than the global builds, but I think as Asia comes back and Europe comes back they are stronger positions and very important to us. And then the last market I haven't talked about that, I would say, I don't think I'm going to surprise anybody is the comm air space. The comm air space, which is around $550 million of annual revenue for TE and I know in the comments, I said, we expect it to be off a third and sort of a waterfall from Q2 to Q3, we do think that's a market that's not going to be coming back near term. I think, there's many other. You can look at what Boeing has said what Airbus is saying and elsewhere that's one that's going to be down for a while. So I think -- I hope that answers the gamut of what you can look at in some of the indicators. And I also think it relates to some of the underlying. And I appreciate the question.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Deepa. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. Was curious to hear you talked about Terrence, the U.S. factories and facilities up and running Mexico, still pockets of shutdowns. Are there any key differences between government mandates and how those roll through in the respective production regions? And also any major impacts of just how people workers are responding independent of government mandates.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks for the question. And I know Heath went through in the prepared comments on where have we seen things. What we have seen is government responses are very different. And I would say the vast majority of the world because of where our products go we have been deemed essential and we have been able to run to make sure that our products continue to go out in all the applications they support. There are countries that have taken broader shutdown. Heath mentioned in Europe, we had some in Italy and Spain that were more severe than elsewhere. We had to take those down. Those factories are coming back up. And then also Mexico has been one that has gone a little bit narrower on what they deem as essential. It's been much more around medical as well as food processing. And they've been sort of individually bringing other industries on. And we're sort of following that lead. So, we are partially running, in Mexico. And so the government answers around the world have been very different. And so that's one element. On the people side, certainly we need to do the things that keep our employees safe. And being a global company, as China went through COVID we learned a lot of practices that were able to get us up in China quickly, what kind of regulation to put in. And we've been rolling those around the world. And it's one of the things that I think our supply chain team has done a tremendous job as well as our crisis team to really make sure whether it's protective equipment, temperature screening and you can keep going, how do we change some of the layouts of our factories to make sure you don't have concentrations of people. And there are things -- you have some retraining of employees to make sure that they're comfortable at the environment they're coming back into. And it's also -- we continue to invest in automation. And that's something I do believe the investments we've made over the past handful of years around automation have also allowed us to be less labor-intensive in certain parts of the world than we were five, 10 years ago. So, like everybody, it's very complex. We're working through it. And certainly for those areas that are ramping back up. We have full procedures around, how we get our employees back to work, how do we prioritize our employees to come back to work, to really make sure we keep them safe.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Hi. Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Hey, Terrence, can you compare how TE is different this downturn versus the last downturn? It feels like your breakevens are quite different. Trough margins appear a lot higher than they did last time around. And if I could, what would decremental margins have looked like in your fiscal 3Q, without the supply chain adjustments? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: All right, Wamsi. I guess I have to take this question, because Heath wasn't here in 2008 and 2009. So I guess, it's pointed at me. As we talked to a lot of you about and I know some companies have gone out. And said as they're thinking about the guide they compare it to 2008 and 2009, as to how they're modeling their playbook. I think there are some things that are similar TE today versus 2008 and 2009. But I would tell you there are a lot of things that are a lot different. With all the moves we made in the portfolio, where we positioned TE the cost actions we've taken. So let me try to summarize, what's the same a little bit. But also the things that I think we've improved the business and the portfolio. The one thing that I would say is probably the number one, thing that is the same it's the cash generation model we have. Our cash generation will be very resilient during these times. And as you all know, we use working capital, in times of growth. And one of the things that when you do get a little bit of a cycle like this. And you have some of these we're going to generate free cash flow we're going to adjust CapEx around capacity we're going to invest in growth, CapEx. And I think that's one of the things that's always allowed us back to the question earlier to get stronger during crisis', because we can continue to invest around growth. But also keep our strong cash generation model going. That's the big thing that I think is the same. Now when you think about things that are different, our portfolio is a lot more focused and a lot stronger than it was in 2008 and 2009. And the businesses we are in, all have secular trends that we position TE around. And we've gotten rid of the businesses that don't have those trends. And if you look here today in 2008 and 2009's, we had no growth telecom businesses. You had a lot more consumer electronics. And we built a platform like no other. So, I do think the portfolio is more focused and stronger. The other thing that I would say, that is also very different is our automotive business. While we did have a sizable automotive business back then and we have, sizable business today. It's a very different business. While it was always global China makes up 25% of the car production on the planet in 2008 and 2009 -- it didn't. And our leading position is special. I would also tell you, our automotive business going into the last crisis was company average business from a margin perspective. Our margin in our Transportation segment going into this crisis is a lot higher than it was and a lot of the cost actions, we initiated out of the last crisis that we continue to work on. And Heath talked about that we were teeing up. And overall the company's in better financial shape. Our margin is 300 basis points higher today than it was in 2008 and 2009, just going into a crisis. And our balance sheet is in a very -- much more healthy place. So, when I sit there what if auto production changes we will be impacted? When I think about the health of TE and things like that what we've done to the cost position. And strengthened our position in markets, we wanted to be in as well as not being in markets we didn't want to be in. I think it's positioned us well to be a strong company going into a crisis that will get stronger coming out of.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning, and thanks very much for taking the question.
Terrence Curtin: Good morning. Mark.
Terrence Curtin: Good morning. I was hoping to better understand how TE is thinking about its content per car opportunity. I realize you already described some near-term inventory adjustments in the auto market for the completed quarter and for the current quarter. But if you put that aside, is there any change to how you're thinking about your content per car opportunity either because of pricing dynamics or delays in new car launches? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Mark, and I'll take that. And what's interesting is we don't. As I said earlier, the emission requirements in places like Europe are not changing. We also believe even with this change in production the number of global hybrid and electric vehicles will still be up year-over-year even in a lower production environment and all the production growth that's been taken out are combustion engines. So the 4% to 6% that we've always talked to you about where we look through where our growth is coming from our engineering projects, what are the trends. Certainly, electric vehicles are continuing to accelerate. We've talked to you before autonomy. It's probably a little bit further out. But net-net, the 4% to 6% content opportunity continues to be real and it hasn't changed the way we think about it.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Giordano from Cowen.
Francisco Amador: Good morning, Terrence. Good morning, Heath. This is Francisco on for Joe. Can you guys expand on the $900 million impairment charge that you guys took this quarter please?
Heath Mitts: Sure. This is Heath. This is related to our sensors platform most of which was acquired in 2014 with the acquisition of Measurement Specialties. So, there's been subsequent acquisitions that have come into that platform over the years of smaller size. And  but there's been a downturn in those markets here for a while. And particularly in the Industrial space, which is about half of our sensors business. We've seen a downtick here going back several quarters as well as following the trends that we've seen in other Industrial businesses as well as in the commercial Transportation space, which is about quarter of the sensors business. So that factored in with a down  an outlook that is consistently down with everything else, we've talked about today did push us to take a harder look at where we sat relative to the accounting treatment of that and we've made an election in the quarter to take that charge based on the accounting rules that govern that. It's a non-cash charge and it kind of right-sizes the carrying value from accounting perspective.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Stanley  Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thanks. Heath, I just wanted to follow-up on understanding there's a lot of pressure on auto production but just going back to the content theme, particularly from a sensor pipeline perspective. Just curious prior to these disruptions how you were feeling about kind of design win activity for sensors and any update on just the work you're doing in combination of sensors and connectors?
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Sure Craig. Thanks for the question. And when we think about it the revenue pipeline we have around sensors and automotive continues to stay robust. Certainly, it's going to be impacted by lower production builds on the planet. So  and that ties into a little bit what Heath talked about in the prior question. But that momentum as you continue to see how sensors need to play in a car actually around whether it goes to electric and current sensing what happens on autonomy as well as the momentum of our TERP, our revenue pipeline that momentum still stays strong similar to the engineering projects as I said. So nothing has changed there. Certainly, it's being impacted by the end market downturns in auto and Industrial Transportation like Heath said, but when we think about the opportunity about that content that opportunity has not changed per vehicle. It's really the number of vehicles made that has been impacted.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Craig. We have the next question, please
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. This is actually Bharat on for Samik. So continuing on the automotive market I just had one question. So what are you seeing in terms of order trends or erosion, specifically in the China automotive market? I mean, the latest IHS data, we saw yesterday is showing some stability although at a low level in the automotive production outlook for China. So, are you starting to see the same stabilization in order trends as well? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Well, a couple of things that when it comes to China. China we have seen production increase and production will increase off of the low quarter two levels that you have in China. And we do expect production as our customers have ramped up. So that is then, I would call it a healing process. The other thing that I think was a nice data point to have is that in March there was about 1.3 million cars sold in China. Certainly, the consumer element needs to come back. But that alone if it stayed at that March rate would be about 16 million to 17 million unit SAAR based upon the March sales. So all those factors need to continue to improve, but we do see increased production and the production decline from quarter two to quarter three is really in Europe and North America that we've highlighted.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Bharat. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker from Baird. Your line is open.
David Leiker: Good morning everyone.
Heath Mitts: Hey David. Good morning.
David Leiker: So I'm looking at the slide on Transportation Solutions where you say your sales were down 2% organically with build down 20%. And normally that gap would be a function of content gains or mix shifts, but it sounds like supply chain is a piece of that and maybe a large piece of it. I might have missed that but I -- but if there's a way that you can quantify how much of that variance between the build rates and your revenues came from supply chain that might end up reversing on you here later in the year?
Terrence Curtin: David. It's Terrence. When weve talked about quarter two to quarter three being down sequentially, there was an element of auto production going from 18 million to 12 million. We also estimate back to those data points that you've said, there was about $200 million where our customers were putting orders on us, we delivered with what we were able to continue to get our factories up. That $200 million is what will turn here in the third quarter. And that's one of the numbers we highlighted in quarter 2 to quarter 3. And the simple way to think about it, our auto revenue in the quarter was pretty much as we expected. We thought there was going to be 21 million cars made in the plant. There was 18 million. It's 3 million vehicles times $65 gets you to about the $200 million that we're estimating that was hey revenue that you could sort of say probably should have been in quarter 3. We were able to ship it in quarter 2, as people were really trying to deal real time with COVID-19. And that will work through and normalize as we go through quarter 3.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, David. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Kelly from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Kelly: Hi, good morning. Just a quick question. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one on distribution channel exposure, I think you referenced in the slide deck ongoing Industrial corrections. Just wondering if you could give us some color into what you're seeing in data and devices and appliances as well. And maybe more broadly how do you see channel health shaping up into the back half of the fiscal year here?
Terrence Curtin: Thanks for the question. And certainly we've been talking a lot about end markets and we do typically talk about channel. Over the past 6, 9 months, we've been in an element of where our channel partners have been correcting. And what I would say we've seen is that correction of their inventory position seems to have normalized. As we've ended March probably across our markets with the exception of being our Industrial business and total TE channel is up to about 20%. So what we've seen from POS trends which is what our distributor is selling out outside of Transportation and comm air type of markets, have been pretty steady. So we're watching those indicators to see if there's inventory builds. It feels okay right now, but there is the Industrial market that feels like it has a little bit too much inventory in it. And certainly with the demand impact and we're going to have to keep an eye on it. But right now it feels stable outside of Transportation and comm air.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, David. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. When we hear about the commercial aerospace and also to some extent the Transportation industry of autos and trucking, we also hear about the OEMs talking about price concessions to suppliers and having to do things or change things. Can you -- while a lot of the commentary prepared was on about the unit production, can you talk about expectations for price concessions, or is that other parts of the supply chain that you see happening and any thoughts around that? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure Jim. Thanks for the question. So when you look at it -- our pricing environment has been relatively stable. And when I say stable, we do give in automotive and places like that productivity back to our customers and their annual negotiations -- their annual negotiations around the investments we make as well as the volumes they hit. So those discussions will be coming up what I would anticipate similar to other crises our price erosion will stay pretty much at the historical rates, it's been at based upon the value we provide. So I don't see us having an acceleration of price erosion. It is a key element of when we talk earlier about where we believe entitled margins for this business can be price supportive. And I don't see an acceleration that's going to happen in price erosion, because there's also certainty of supply that's also needed at the same time. And I think our position we have both from an innovation and the manufacturing with our customers create proper balance that we'll be able to keep it where it's been.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Jim.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks, and good morning. So a question just regarding some cost cutting actions. Heath, you talked about, it sounded like just ongoing cost-cutting actions that you've been doing and then some furloughs, but nothing incremental in terms of taking any fixed costs out. So what are your thoughts there? And at what point do you take that next step to do some further consolidation particularly if we're in a longer recession and the auto market doesn't recover as quickly as maybe you think.
Heath Mitts: Matt, I appreciate the question and the follow-up. So let me just try to clarify a few things. As we discussed and you mentioned earlier in your question, for the past couple of years we've been talking pretty transparently about what we're doing in the industrial space. And then about a year ago talked about several -- initiating several auto -- generally auto-related factory footprint consolidation. So we weren't caught flat-footed with this. Now the severity and the sharpness of a sequential downturn of 25% will certainly -- is something that is challenging to deal with from a margin perspective in a 90-day window. However, our focus continues to be on permanent cost reductions. Obviously we'll do things like furloughs where our customers have furloughed and we don't want people staying around our factories. But when we think about cost reductions and incremental cost reductions they tend to be in the form of permanent, so that our exit trajectory will move back into periods of growth will be stronger than when we entered it. That's a combination of both, accelerating some of the things that we already had in place, which this reduction in demand does allow us to accelerate some just given that we have the ability to ramp up inventory builds and some of the other things that are important to any kind of transfer. But we are also evaluating and moving pretty quickly through additional restructuring actions. So if my comments were light on that I apologize. We will be doing some things now on the factory side. Those are underway and I don't think there's something we have to start with a clean piece of paper on. But the business will be rightsized, but we're focused on what we look like and a more permanent perspective as we leave in that move that it makes in terms of our overall margins as we get back to levels of more normalcy on that particular front. And you also have to remember if you just step away from auto for a second we have chunks of the business that are actually fairly stable or at full production. Terrence mentioned defense, data and devices certainly our medical and our energy businesses those are businesses that -- we're in full production just to keep up with our customers right now. So it's a little bit different flavor depending upon, which chunks of our business that we look at. But auto specifically we'll make sure we're sized right for not just what we think the next couple of quarters are going to look like, but what it looks like for -- in our FY 2021 and FY 2022. And I think that's important to keep that in perspective.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Could we have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein: Thank you for taking the question. Heath, a moment ago you talked about performance of sensors in the industrial end market. And with it actually I think there was some progress on the First Sensor acquisition in the quarter. Can you update us on the status of the integration of that company and its product portfolio and in your future plans in that category? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Sure. And Will thanks for the question. Listen sensors continues to be a very important part of our -- that platform is an important part of our growth strategy. And we still feel very good about -- despite the accounting treatment that we undertook in the quarter, we still feel very good about the long-term prospects of where we are. Terrence commented on a question earlier related to the auto component of that revenue pipeline for sensors, which continues to be very strong. Now some of those things based on volume and so forth have pushed to the right a little bit. But our design in wins continue to be very strong within auto sensors. We are very well-positioned within the commercial transportation sensors as well. Now that's a business that we started feeling the pressure both on the sensor side, as well as our connector -- traditional connector side of the business going back in the late summer time frame of last year and certainly that has continued to be pressured. But we are very well-positioned from a market share perspective there. So between auto and commercial transportation that makes up about half of our sensors business. And then you get into the industrial piece of it. Industrial piece of it does touch a lot of different end markets, some of which are more attractive than others but no different than our industrial business within our industrial segment that we noted it was down double digits organically. We are feeling similar pressures within that component of our sensors business. So as you see us move forward, you're going to see us talk about it First Sensor fills in a nice product gap for us. We are in a very good position in terms of that. That's been a long process to get executed on. We currently own just under three quarters of the shares. And as Terrence mentioned earlier, we'll begin to incorporate some of those financials in our results in this third quarter. Moving forward and then there's additional processes that we follow within the German law and regulations to continue to bring the rest of those shares online. And  but we feel very good about the progress on that. It's just been  it's been a long process. And  but the product set and the manufacturing operations and what it brings to us is still very important. And so you'll continue to hear us talk about sensors as part of our growth.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Will. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak from RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Joseph Spak: Thanks, everyone. I just quickly wanted to go back to your estimate of the auto supply chain impact, because if you back out that $200 million, you were sort of really more in line with  with global production in your second quarter. And I know you have a longer-term outgrowth opportunity but was there something specific to either mix or share that impacted this quarter?
Terrence Curtin: No. On any one quarter, you're never going to have a perfect 4% to 6% because of all the supply chain elements that happen. So there wasn't anything specific. And the supply chain impact let's face it  it is an estimate on our behalf with all the moving parts we have. But the content that we see happening the 4% to 6% there's no change in that. And you should look at that over a year period or so not one quarter.
Joseph Spak: Okay. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Joe. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Todorov from Longbow. Your line is open.
Nick Todorov: Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen. I understand a big portion of your out inventory adjustments will occur in the June quarter. But I guess, can you talk about your expectations regarding destocking potentially lasting into the second half of the year? I mean in other words, do you expect the correction to be a deep and quick one contained only in the June quarter, or you see some spillover?
Terrence Curtin: Well, what we've said is some of the destocking in some cases because of the  being the automotive supply chain. The automotive supply chain is sort of  at least how I think about it is sort of a six-week just-in-time supply chain. It's not an Industrial supply chain or a channel supply chain that is very, very spaghetti like. So when we sit there and the way that we're guiding is we sort of assume as our customers ramp back up they will burn off this extra stock. Certainly that's our assumption. Could it last a little longer? Potentially but it'll depend how they ramp. And certainly they don't like a lot of excesses in the supply chain. So we view it would be probably over a three-month period was reasonable.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Nick. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Shawn Harrison: Hi. Thanks for allowing me back in. Heath, just a follow-up on both kind of the restructuring and kind of the normalized goals. To be clear, there is no change in kind of the normalized margin profile you're searching  you're targeting for any of the three business lines? And then second, I think you've done $650 million  or that you're targeting in 2018, 2019 and 2020 about $650 million of restructuring. Where are you in terms of the payback of those restructuring actions? Are you a third of the way through it right now or even less?
Heath Mitts: Well, Shawn I appreciate the question. The normalized margins for the business as we've talked about, right which is TS up in the high teens towards 20 number; IS consistently in the mid- to high teens; and then CS kind of in that low to mid-teens consistently growing up towards that number. That has -- those are unchanged. Now, we're going to need to see in certain cases volume come back to support some of those things. But the longer-term actions that we're taking to take out more permanent cost will certainly help close some of that gap. So, as I think about the restructuring that we've done most of it's been fairly programmatic things that we've done that are very specific to facility moves within Industrial and then subsequently transportation and that continues on for the charges that we anticipate taking in this fiscal year FY 2020. The payback on those is kind of about a three-year payback which is a little bit longer than your traditional payback if you were doing things in the U.S. But you got to remember as we've discussed before some of the plants were taken offline are in jurisdictions where the cash outflow to get those things offline is a bit longer. So, the blended payback is about three years. I would tell you we're at different points depending upon which facility we're talking about. For obvious reasons, they've had different start and stop dates and there's challenges that in some cases are created based on this current situation with COVID-19, meaning that there are certain factors that maybe on the receiving end have certain things that have slowed so that's harder to do. And there's other things that have sped up because we're able to go through operational matters that are specifically inventory builds that our balance sheet can certainly support and allow us to get those costs out sooner. So, there's a blend in where we are. If you were just to ask me to try to frame all that up and for TE in total, I would say we're kind of halfway through that process. Sometimes a charge on the P&L can be taken a year plus before you actually see the savings come out just based on how the accounting for it works relative to when the costs are actually eliminated. So, there is a bit of a lag in terms of that. Thank you for the question.
Sujal Shah: Thanks Shawn. Okay. It looks like there's no further questions. If you do have questions please contact investor Relations at TE. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 10:30 A.M. Eastern Standard Time today April 28th, 2020 on the Investor Relations portion of the TE Connectivity's website. That concludes your conference for today.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity First Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal year 2020. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's first quarter 2020 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forwarding information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations' portion of our website at te.com. Also within the industrial segment we have broken out sales for our medical business separately from industrial equipment. On slide 17 and on our website you will see eight quarters of historical revenue for the medical business and industrial equipment for your reference. There is no change to our segment reporting or those numbers. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions, during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal and thank you everyone for joining us today to cover our first quarter results as well as our increased outlook for fiscal 2020. As I normally do before we get into the slides, I do want to frame out some of the key points that Heath and I bring out during today's call. First is that things are playing out as we expected when we provided our original guidance to you 90 days ago. Our expectations of markets in fiscal 2020 is essentially unchanged. Our order patterns are indicating stability and the distribution [indiscernible] as we talked about for few quarters is trending as we expect. In addition to the things playing out I am also very pleased with our execution in the first quarter. And this is against the continued challenging market backdrop. We delivered revenue above the guidance midpoint and adjusted earnings per share above the high end of guidance driven by strong operational execution across our segments. Based upon our strong first quarter we are raising our full-year guidance to reflect the out performance in the first quarter and we're maintaining a view of the second half that is consistent with our guidance that we gave you 90 days ago. And then finally there are two things that we talked about with you and we're focused on within this market backdrop that we're operating in. First is we're going to continue to focus on content growth that will enable out performance versus the underlying end markets that we position TE around and we are continuing to benefit from these secular trends across our businesses. The second key thing is that we continue to improve our earnings powered by executing on cost actions and footprint consolidation plans which we will expect to generate higher margins and earnings from the first half to the second half of our fiscal year. So with that as a quick summary let's get into the slides and let me as you turn to Slide 3 and I'll get into some of the highlights from the first quarter. Sales of $3.2 billion exceeded the midpoint of our guidance representing 5% year-on-year decline on both reported and organic basis driven by market weakness. While the number of our markets are challenging, we continue to demonstrate content growth across our business and this can be whether it's an electric vehicle or autonomous features and transportation, next-generation aircraft and non-evasive medical procedures in our industrial segment we're cloud computing and communications. By segment transportation was down 6% organically as we expected driven by production declines in both the auto markets as well as commercial transportation market. Industrial solutions saw growth 1% organically which was ahead of our guidance driven by continued strength and ADNM medical and energy. And our communication segment declined 14% organically as we expected driven by continued inventories of stocking in the distribution channel which we've been talking about for a few quarters. As we've highlighted to you supply chain adjustments take a few quarters to play out and this is happening as we expected supported by our orders increasing sequentially and our book to bill ending the quarter at 102 and I'll cover that when I cover the order slide in a few minutes. From an earnings perspective adjusted operating margins were approximately 16% as we expected. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.21 which exceeded the high end of our guidance driven by higher sales and execution of our cost initiatives  On a 5% sales decline adjusted earnings per share declined at a similar rate demonstrating strong operating performance and the benefit of pulling levers to reduce costs in an uncertain market environment to preserve earnings resiliency. From a cash flow perspective our free cash flow is very strong during the quarter at approximately $245 million and approximately weve returned approximately 300 million back to our owners through dividends and share repurchases. I want to be clear that our capital strategy continues to include capital deployment to build out our portfolio inorganically and capitalize on secular trends to drive future growth. Now let me turn over and talk about our full-year guidance briefly and I'll come back toward the end of the call and get into more details about it. For the full year this does reflect the upside in our first quarter and a view of the second half that is consistent with our prior view. We now expect sales of $13.05 billion. The sales guidance assumes organic declines for the year 1% to 3%. On a year-on-year basis our sales guidance reflects a decline of approximately $400 million. Half of this is due to currency exchange rates and the other half is driven by the market weakness and distribution inventory stocking which we discussed with you last quarter. We are raising the low end of our adjusted EPS guidance to get to a midpoint of $5.10. This midpoint continues to include $0.30 of year-over-year headwinds from currency and tax impacts which is the same as our guide from last quarter. While we can't influence the market environment I am pleased that we continue to execute on leverage which we can control to driver our cost reduction and footprint consolidation plans while continuing to invest in the long term growth and our content opportunities. As we discussed last quarter we expect to generate improvements in both margin and earnings per share as we move from the first half to the second half of this fiscal year. So with that as a backdrop of our first quarter results let me get into order trends and I would ask you to turn to slide four. For the first quarter for book to build with 1.02 and this exceeded 1 for the first time since the second quarter of 2019 and reflects an improving supply chain as well as stability in certain end markets. Organic orders were down 2% year-over-year but we did see orders grow sequentially signaling stabilization in some of the key markets. When I talk about orders I'm going to talk about them on a sequential basis as this help lays out the foundation for our quarter two guidance and how we're thinking about the shape of our year. In transportation, orders decline slightly sequentially as we expected driven by North America and this was offset by growth in China. In Europe, in transportation orders were essentially flat on a sequential basis and as we think about the market we continue to expect global auto production to be stable at a run rate of approximately 21 million units per quarter through fiscal 2020. Turning to industrial. Our orders grew sequential across all regions and the growth was driven by ADNM as well as medical. In the communication segment we saw strong sequential order growth in both appliances and data devices reinforcing our expectation of growth in the second half and as we talked about the distribution channel from an overall basis and certainly the channel impacts our CS segment the most as well as our industrial equipment business and industrial. Our orders did decline 10% year-over-year as we expected but more importantly we saw order growth grow double digits sequentially and it reinforce our view of the inventory normalization that we expect by the end of quarter two and we will drive sequential growth as we get to the second half of the year. So with that being a summary of orders let's get into the segment performance and I'll start with transportation that begins on slide 5. Transportation sales were down 6% organically year-over-year as we expected. Our auto sales were down 3% organically driven by global auto production declines. Once again we continue to outperform auto production due to content growth driven by the increase in electric vehicles as well as autonomous features in vehicles. In our commercial transportation business sales were down 16% organically driven by weakness in North America and Europe and this was partially offset by growth in China as a result of China six emissions adoption as well as content gained by us. In centers our sales were down 11% organically and this was driven by the weakness in the commercial transportation and industrial end markets. In auto our center revenue was flat year-over-year despite production decline that reflects the ramps of the new designs winds that we've been talking about for a number of years. From a marketing perspective adjusted operating margins were 17.4% as expected down year-over-year on lower volumes. So let's return to industrial solution segments and that starts on slide six. For the segment sales grew 1% organically year-over-year and this was above our expectations. Three of our businesses in the segment saw very strong growth which was partially offset by ongoing weakness in the industrial equipment market. Our aerospace, defense and marine business delivered another very strong quarter of 9% organic growth driven by content growth and new programs in both commercial airspace as well as defense. As Sujal mentioned earlier we are now breaking out our medical business from our industrial equipment business to give you greater visibility to another area of growth within TE. Now just as a reminder in medical we serve both the interventional and surgical imaging markets and a key area of focus from an application perspective are areas around minimally invasive medical products. What's great here is we are a partner of choices to premier OEMs and our technology enables customers to build the medical devices at safe lives as well as a reduced cost. What's really nice about what we built here is that our engineering capability as well as track record quality, medical expertise and broad technical offering really differentiate TE in this market. From a performance perspective in the quarter the medical business grew 7% and it was driven by growth entirely by interventional applications and this trend is one that's going to continue to drive growth quite some time for us. And our energy business had very nice quarter. It was up 12% organically and this growth was being driven by investments in renewable energies as well as infrastructure upgrades in certain parts of the world. In the industrial equipment business, our sales were down 15% organically driven by both weak market conditions and factory automation applications as well as this unit is being impacted by distribution inventory destocking. From an earnings perspective adjusted operating margins were down as we expected due to the cost from footprint optimization activity and as we talked to you before we continue to remain on track with our multi-year margin expansion plans for the segment. So with that I'd like to turn to slide 7 and let me get into communication solutions. Data devices sales were down 15% organically and our clients business sales were also down double-digit organically and these were in line with our expectations. We saw demand driven weakness across all regions along with ongoing inventory to stocking in the distribution channel. As a reminder the segment has the highest percentage of our business going through distribution. So they will always have a greater impact from channel dynamics than the other two segments. As I mentioned earlier what's really nice is we did see sequential growth and orders for both of these businesses which gives us confidence of growth as we move into the second half of our fiscal year. Margins in the segment were 12.1% and they were impacted by the volume driven sales decline and we expect to return to mid-teens target margins in the second half as distribution channel normalizes to be more in line with market conditions. With that I am going to turn it over to Heath to go through the financials in some more detail and I will come back and cover guidance a little bit.
Heath Mitts: Thank you Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide 8 where I will provide more details on the Q1 financials. Adjusted operating income was $502 million with an adjusted operating margin of 15.8%. GAAP operating income was $471 million and included $24 million of restructuring and other charges and $7 million of acquisition charges. We continue to expect fiscal 2020 restructuring charges to be similar to fiscal 19.  Adjusted EPS was $1.21 down 6% year-over-year as Terrence mentioned on a 5% sales declined adjusted EPS declined at a similar rate demonstrating our ability to execute on multiple levels to drive earnings performance. GAAP EPS was $0.07 for the quarter but that included a tax related charge of $1.05 which was related to the impact of the Swiss tax reform that we had talked to you about last summer. This was a non-cash charge. We also had restructuring acquisition and other charges of $0.09. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q1 was 18.6% and for the full year we continue to expect an adjusted effective tax rate around 18 to 18.5 that's unchanged from our prior review from 90 days ago. Importantly we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our reported ECR for the full year. Now if you turn to slide 9, sales of 3.2 billion we're down 5% year-over-year on both the reported and organic basis. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by 43 million versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 15.8 as expected as Terrence mentioned we expect margin expansion from the first half to the second half of the year as we see benefits of sales growth and the cost actions we've initiated over the past year. I continue to be pleased with the progress we are making and driving improvements to our cost structure. The team is executing well but we still have work to do on our footprint optimization plan as discussed in the past this is a multi-year journey but I feel like we're on the track. In the quarter cash from continuing operations was $411 million, up 25% year-on-year. Free cash flow is $243 million and we returned $297 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong and we expect cash flow to remain strong which provides us the flexibility to utilize cash to support organic growth investments to drive long-term sustainable growth while also allowing us to return capital to shareholders and continue to pursue bolt-on acquisitions. We are seeing the benefits of the levers in our business model to help mitigate the impacts on weaker sales on our margin and EPS performance and as you should expect we will continue to balance our structural cost actions with our long-term growth investments to ensure sustainability in our business model. So with that I'll turn back to Terrence to cover guidance.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Heath, let me get into our guidance and I'll get into the second quarter which is on slide 10. As I mentioned earlier our markets are playing out as we expected we laid out for you 90 days ago driven by the order patterns that weve see in quarter one that I covered earlier we do expect second quarter revenue $3.1 billion to $3.3 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.22 to $1.28 per share  At the midpoint this represents declines on reported sales of 6% overall and organic sales of 5% year-over-year and reflects the weakness in the end markets and the ongoing effects of destocking in the distribution channel. We do expect grow sequentially from the first quarter of the second in both sales and adjusted earnings per share and that is a view that gives confidence about stabilization. By segments, we do expect transportation solutions to be down low single-digit organically and it's mainly going to be driven by the weakness in the commercial transportation market and with mid-single digit declines in global auto production. Industrial solution is expected to be down low single digits organically with continued market weakness and industrial equipment being partially offset by growth in medical, defense and energy. And in communications we expect to be down low teens organically driven by continued inventory destocking and the distribution channel. So please turn to slide 11 and let me get into the full-year guidance. As I covered earlier we expect full year sales of $13.05 billion at midpoint and this will represent year-over-year declines in reported sales of 3% and on an organic basis 2%. We are continuing to expect year-over-year headwinds of approximately $0.30 from currency exchange and tax rates and note that most of the year-over-year tax that will occur in the second half. Let me get into some more color on our segments that are included in our guidance. In transportation we expect for the year to be down low single digits organically. We expect our organic auto sales to be flat to down slightly for the full year and as I mentioned earlier we continue to expect a global auto production run rate of approximately 21 million vehicles per quarter resulting in mid-single digit global production declines for fiscal 2020 which is consistent with our prior year view. We expect content growth to enable us to continue to outperform declining auto production. We also expect our commercial transportation business to outperform high single-digit market declines in that market due to content growth and share gains this year. In our industrial segment we expect to grow low single digits organically with growth in defense, medical and energy partially offset by declines and industrial equipment. And finally in communications we do expect to be down mid single-digit organically with both data and devices appliances being impacted by the continued broad market weakness and inventory destocking in the distribution channel. Once we work through the inventory adjustments in the first half we do expect to move back to positive year-on-year organic growth for the second half of the year in our communication segment. So before I get into questions let me just recap the key points that we made today and I'm sure we'll talk more about in Q&A. First we have built a strong portfolio with leadership positions in the markets we serve. This portfolio that we built is performing significantly better than the last time we went through a market downturn. This is evident in our quarter one results where we delivered sales and adjusted earnings per share ahead of guidance and our operating execution enabled us to raise our guidance for fiscal 2020. The second key point is the things are playing out as we expected when we provided our guidance 90 days ago. Our expectations of markets in fiscal 2020 is essentially unchanged.  Our order patterns are indicating stability and distribution destocking is trending as we expected given us confidence in the sales and earnings growth sequentially in the second half. The third key point is around content and content growth is enabling out performance even in declining markets and it's helping to buffer the market conditions we're seeing. We're going to continue to benefit from secular trends whether it's electric vehicles of autonomy, next generation aircraft, minimally invasive medical applications, factory automation or cloud computing and these trends are going to be with us for a long time. And finally, we are executing on what we can control through our restructuring plans across all of our segments and we're focused on this to ensure we get greater leverage and earnings power when markets return to growth. So with that I do want to thank our employees around the world for their continued strong execution as well as their continued commitment towards our customers and a future that is safe for sustainable productive and connected. So Sujal with that let's get to Q&A.
Sujal Shah: Thank you Amy, could you please give instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Wamsi, your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Thank you. Terrence nice performance in a pretty tough end market here. So can you maybe talk a little bit, in a little bit more detail what your assumptions are for the year for the various end markets with some color on geographic performance as well. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks Wamsi and yes during the call I used the word stable a lot. I also said challenging. So your question is very fair. There's markets that have been strong and are going to continue to be strong. There are medical, certainly defense, energy and you heard that a lot and they're in our industrial segment but when I use the word stable it really says some of the supply chain things are working off like we saw in distribution but there are still markets that are challenging. Auto production we expect to be down mid single-digit. I talked about that around the 21 million units a quarter end and we reposition ourselves on content will help get us down to closer to flat on the year versus a negative production environment. The industrial transportation space certainly that space is one where North America heavy truck rolled over and we're being impacted by that. But we do expect that margin to be down high single digits for the year because of also how we're positioned in China. You got your six emissions, you also have strong content name we have in that market and that's going to buffer to us a nice separation there. The other area that I would say that I think is going to be continued to be challenging is the factory automation and industrial equipment market. That's a market that clearly been impacted by capital spending on the planet. Our business both has the underlying market, it's going to continue to be challenged. And but we also have some inventory to stocking. So, how I would frame and similar to how we framed it 90 days ago was we dont see a [indiscernible], our market really gets a lot better this year. We see some of the supply chain effects working through March, basically the end of our second quarter and we're going to get our normal seasonality. So, I would say the market we're planning with, I'm glad we have the content opportunities, we have the buffer some of it and we'll start seeing some growth in some of the markets later in the year once the channel effects get along. From a geographic perspective, so hopefully that helps. From a geographic perspective, Wamsi, it was an interesting environment and I'm probably going to talk much more around sequentially. We saw China was a little bit better in coming out of our first quarter sequentially. Europe was a little bit worse and North America was relatively sideways. So, it's other thing that are very much around how do we see things from a stability perspective, our book-to-bill was above 1.0 in all regions, we were 1.02 overall, which as I said on the call was the first time we were above 1.0. It gives us a view that things are working through and getting a little bit more back to parity. So, it means we built some backlog which is good as we get into the second half of the year.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Christopher, your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you, good morning. Just wondering if you're seeing any interesting changes in the cadence around design cycles in electric vehicles China and then you come to mine versus the baseline expectations for the development of that market?
Terrence Curtin: Now, thanks for your question. And when you look at it, what's intriguing is we've always talked to you about electric vehicles and electric vehicle production, how are we go from about a little bit over 6 million units, sorry. It's over 9 million units. And this year's going to be a really one that's driven by Europe. China we sort of view in hybrid and electric vehicles many of you know I include plugin hybrids and hybrids in that number. It's not a pure NEV number just that it's the broader thing. And really what we're seeing is we're seeing a year where China will be sideways. They had some of the Stimulus/Formal from a production where Europe is going to be the real growth driver. And you've seen it with the CO2 regulations. We arent seeing any changes in designs. We are still over the opinion if you take the two mega trends that we have in automotive or around electric vehicles as well as autonomy features. Our customers are prioritizing electric vehicles ahead of our autonomy. We're going to benefit from both of those trends which I think is a unique proposition that we have. But the electric vehicle trend is helping drive the content that's what I talked about and we are not seeing any change in design cycles at all. If anything, they are trying to get their designs done at quicker rates than traditional combustion engines.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Chris. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Craig, your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. Terrence, can you provide an update just on the automotive sensor design pipeline and any particular sensor types from that you're seeing traction within automotive?
Terrence Curtin: And so, a couple of things, Craig thanks for the question. First of all when you look at our centered results, you see really 75% of our sensors business from a revenue is still sort of pointed that heavy vehicle as well as the industrial markets and some of our growth we sold this quarter looks very much similar to what we saw in our industrial equipment and commercial transportation and our core connector products. But our auto sensor revenue was flat. So, it's certainly getting our performance versus the mid-single digit declines we're talking about. And the ramps are continuing to happen as we thought. Would be an impact by a slower environment. But the traction we talked to you about in the pipeline we've talked to you about continues to remain intact. And right now it's really all about production is impacting, why we're not seeing more growth other than flat in that market.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Craig. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker with Baird. David, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Erin Welcenbach on for David. So, a follow-up question on the sort of the EV and autonomy discussion. There's been some talk in the industry about architectural changes. What are you seeing with respect to EV and autonomy trends and how did these architectural changes impact content growth for TE?
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Erin. And I will build on the question I talked about earlier. So, 1) is we feel very good about our content growth opportunities. And our content growth opportunity, you have to realize all starts where power need to go in the car, where does signaling need to be in the car as well as when you do for autonomy data and data's belong that is really the latecomer. But when you deal with power and you go to an electric vehicle architecture, you're dealing with different power rhythm at 12 volt or a 48 volt system that we filled with or changing to. So, it's what gives us confidence around is 4% to 6% and as I said for us bigger driver will be electrification. We also will benefit from autonomy as the data network in the car continues to evolve and architecture in a car always evolves. Our OEM customers are the ones that control the architecture. It's important to how they differentiate and it's something that you own and they typically don't let a tier 1 control lab. But when you look at as those three building blocks go and what we see we continue to encourage how that architecture gets evolved and where we're positioned globally. If you think about my discussion earlier about electric vehicles, the trends and then the number of units made into world are going to be more in Asia and in Europe. And we are leading position in those markets and we're working with the largest OEMs on those. So, nothing has changed around how we think about architecture, where do we play. And what's really nice about here, we benefit from both and electric vehicle is more in the front of the brand our OEM customers while autonomy has slipped back a little bit. And feel very good about the 4% to 6% we talked to you about.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Erin. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi Investment. Jim, your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you, very much. Can you talk a little bit about the trends that happened in your sensor business maybe on a year-over-year perspective? It looks like they may have taken a little bit of a stepdown compared to September year-over-year. And then, maybe the content on automobiles that you're seeing now, I believe you typically viewed long-term content growth of kind of 4% to 6% range, kind of where we're sitting at kind of for this quarter in the outlook. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure Jim, thanks Jim. First off, on the sensory question, I'll probably repeat what I said a little bit earlier. In the quarter for sensors, we did have our growth was reflective about the 75% we have in industrial equipment and commercial vehicle. What we saw on those markets are very similar than what we saw on our connector businesses which really drove the revenue being down double digit. In auto, we were flat and that shows the content and the ramps that we're getting. And then secondly Jim, the separation around the content growth we saw in the quarter and as we're guiding for the year is pretty much right on top of the 4% to 6% and it's as these continue to get adopted and the other trends I could add to the vehicles, you're going to see we expect that automotive will be basically flat to slightly down in a minus single digit production environment and that's where our guide is.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Jim. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Shawn, your line is open.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, good morning everyone and my congrats on the solid execution this quarter. I believe you already gave an idea of kind of the range of where you expect communications margins to kind of exit the year on a run rate. I was hoping we could get an update on where you would expect transportation and industrial margins to exit the fiscal year?
Heath Mitts: Shawn, this is Heath and I appreciate the question. As you mentioned, the CS margins we feel good about our ability to move into the mid-teens in terms of where we see those margins and that's reflective of a lot of the hard work the team is doing to mitigate pretty significant topline pressures in that business. Within industrial, we'll see moderate nominal however you want to say it, margin expansion year-over-year -- thats a multiyear journey as we've talked about within the industrial business. On the footprint consolidation side, there are in this particular quarter we just finished. Sometimes we do run into situations where we have to spin some money in advance or facility is coming offline to get those transitioned correctly and did not disrupt our customers. So, in a given quarter you can see some movement within those types of activities. But we still expect industrial to see a nominal margin expansion for the year. I think if we look over a multiyear horizon as well as our trajectory into the next couple of years you'll continue to see that we're on plan. Within transportation, we're dealing with a couple of different pieces on the topline pressures that Terrence mentioned earlier particularly on the commercial transportation side which is a very profitable business for us. That being down, certainly has a pinch point for us. And then, but that offset was some of the activities within automotive and some of the footprint moves there. Now these moves as we talked about and prior quarters take a while particularly the ones outside the U.S. to get off line and so you will see more of those savings later in this year and more into FY'21 and '22. But I would expect the transportation to be able to hold roughly where it is, maybe a little bit of expansion as we exit the year.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Shawn. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities. Deepa, your line is open.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey, good morning all.
Sujal Shah: Hi, Deepa.
Deepa Raghavan: Question is on automotive momentum especially in China. Can you help talk about some of maybe give us some examples or just gently just talk through the momentum there? Is there any fundamental recovery beyond just easy comps in that part of the region? And also, how should we think about the plant closures in China just putting a wrench on your outlook if at all just given this corona virus scare. Thanks, very much.
Terrence Curtin: Now, a couple of things, so let me take the second part of your question first. Certainly on the corona virus. It's a very fluid situation, yes China is important and we're very much focused on dealing with the real time and making sure our employees are safe. And that being said, first thing I want to highlight is that we dont have operations or factories in the Wuhan province or our operations are not in that area. And we are in the middle of the Lunar New Year celebration and that we are running lower shifts right now as we speak. And we're going to continue to run those lower shifts. But the government has extended the Lunar New Year few days and in some of the industrial parts we serve, they are actually shutting in the next week. And we're going to be to everything in compliance with the government. So, net-net it is an uncertainty that we have but we have those uncertainties in many parts of our business every day. On China momentum, we did see production improve in the first quarter. And like I said in some of my comments already, China was a little bit better, I would say that would say that was around automotive production. Europe was a little worse, net-net getting to a neutral point for the year. I think the one thing that we're trying to keep our eyes on is not only what is production but what our end sales in China and end sales while they or not declining as they work, still or not accelerating. So, we still have a view that China will play out as we talked before. But we did see increased momentum before the Lunar New Year celebration which would have got us down to a supply chain was getting better. But we got to continue to watch it and our guidance is sort of in change with where we were 90 days ago.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Deepa. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Mark, your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning and thanks for taking the question. I was hoping the company could quantify where inventory in the channel is relative to historical levels on either at hours or days basis. And when you talk about the restock in distribution or sorry let me rephrase that one. When we talk about better trend into the distribution channel in the second half of the year, or are you assuming restock or just that your shipment to catch up to what the distribution on a sell through basis. Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Now, thanks. So, first of all we assume there is not restock, we assume it's a parity with demand. So, that's the key point and a very good question. When we sit there and what we've looked at, our major channel partners will get book-to-bills above 1.0 again. We talked to them about where it is inventory burn through in their December quarter to get back more in parity. And as we told you at last quarter we thought the first half impact was around a $100 million, we were about halfway through that also the destocking was going to be across in that work. So, what's nice is we're seeing it work out as we thought in the first quarter, it needs to work through in the second quarter. The trend is right on track and we're actually starting to see a pick-up in booking sequentially as I said by 10%. So, it feels like things are moving as expected and the second half if all about getting to parity with demand, not restocking.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Joe, your line is open.
Joe Giordano: Hey guys, good morning.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Just curious, given youre like broad breadth in auto and who you work with and who you compete against. If you had any, what is the BorgWarner Delphi transaction do or not do to the competitive environment in that space?
Terrence Curtin: For us it doesn't really does nothing for us. When you look at those two mergers, you're really dealing with more people dealing with the mechanical side of things. And our customers certainly in some areas there are customers but they would not be major customers. So, for us that's a net-net nothing.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Kelly with Jeffries. David, your line is open.
David Kelly: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. You referenced continued strength in defense. Just wondering if you've seen any incremental softness in aerospace and any impact from the Boeing grounding that we should be think about per modeling?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So, a couple of things and thanks for the question. Certainly, we do have commercial aerospace business and when we talk about aerospace and defense submarine, that business in our industrial segment, about half of its commercial aerospace and it covers all the commercial aero frame manufacturers, including Boeing. So, the Boeing situation has impact us on that aero frame specifically. It's probably about a half a point headwind to overall TE growth that we're absorbing with the diversity of our portfolio but certainly that market has got weaker due to the production schedule Boeing has laid out. The key I think for us is that's a nice content driver. That it sort of transitory and in my mind and it will impact us this year but when Boeing works through its issues and those planes start get delivered, we'll get a reacceleration on the other side. So, near-term headwind that we would absorb into our guidance probably become a tailwind once they work through the issue with they would be.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, David. Go ahead with the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. Samik, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning, thanks for taking my question. This is Bharat on for Samik. So, my question is in the communication segment. The expectations heading into 2020 remain for a pickup in hyper scale spending and higher service provider CapEx towards 5G as well. So, can you walk us through expectations for spending from these two verticals, how is that tracking and can there be an upside in outlook for 2020 in the segment overall if the spending ramps through the year. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Well for 2020, thank you for the question. We certainly have seen or that segment has been impacted by the distribution channel. I would say cloud spending we have seen an improvement on our orders on the cloud side and certainly that's across many of the cloud providers. And one of the things our team has done a nice job is continue to penetrate and broaden our cloud customer breadth. So, that is an important growth drive for that segment and we continue to improve our positioning there. 5G is a little bit of a different story. 5G is one where in places like Korea you have very dense networks that and laid out and you get more then the use cases that they're developing. In the U.S. 5G is not moving as quick mainly due to the merger between T-Mobile that's out there have sort of delayed how this 5G get invested. And so, I would say we've seen a pause in 5G investment here in the United States that we hope that once that merger's down, the operators will invest and then we'll benefit from those deployments. We do play in 5G though on the infrastructure side, we dont play on the handset side but it is something that's a good content opportunity as that spending accelerates.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Bharat. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of William Stein with SunTrust. William, your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. An earlier question addressed automotive networks and one of the things that seemed more prominent this year at CES was the emerging changes in network architecture and cars specifically ECU consolidation and automotive networks transitioning to more sort of hierarchical one with domain controllers. Can you comment on how this might affect revenue and margins and maybe mix of cabling versus connectors? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: No, certainly. So first of all it's important that when you say cabling and connectors. We are not a harness maker and so as harnesses get rationalized certainly there are people that are on the large side are going to get more impact than us because as you even get into more consolidated ECU zonal architectures the interconnects get absolutely more complicated which play to the strengths of which we have. So these architectures have continued to evolve whether you go to zonal or you go to centralized compute in a car. These are things that how do you continue to get the connection points, the sensing points around or things that are part of our 4% to 6%. This will continue to evolve our OEM customers will be the ones that make those architectural decisions of what you see at CES and what's really nice is how we engage with our OEM customers on our design we know as those architectural changes are occurring. So when we think about the 4% to 6% that does assume how the architecture will evolve and what's really nice is I remember when we talk about architecture and people just want to talk about [indiscernible] it's really nice that the content trend whether it be electric vehicle or autonomy and compute architecture in the car or things that people are really talking about and that's what we do and that's what's driving some of the growth trends for TE.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. We will have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Matt, your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks and good morning regarding your positive commentary Terrence on the medical market in the nice growth there how much of that is adoption of newer technologies and an upgrade cycle if you will versus share gains and I know or assume most of these products came from the Creganna acquisition from 2016. So any commentary on how that acquisition has been going for you. Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: I think when you look at the growth it's a combination of things that we required but also how we continue to bring the capabilities at TE and Creganna has. If you look at that that business that business is approaching $800 million and Creganna was a little bit over $300 million when we bought it and we continue to put the capabilities of TE and Creganna together and we've also have the design center set up where the innovation occurs around interventional devices. What is nice is it is a mix, Matt to your question and also what's nice is it's not just the therapies that were used to today that we all benefit from but it's also about the therapies of the future of other areas in the heart where they want to take interventional procedures where they still can't take them today and that's the innovation that we continue to work on with the largest customers in the world that are focused on this. So it is a combination of new programs, existing programs and what's nice is with what we built we really have the door open with our customers and bringing our engineers and to work on the next-generation therapies that the largest companies medical device companies in the world are working on. So it's really nice it's going to drive the high single digit growth that we talked about today and it's been driving.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you Matt. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Gentlemen your final question comes from the line of Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets. Joseph your line is open.
Joseph Spak: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Terrence just a bigger picture yesterday we heard a company talk about how as automakers move to new and electric platforms, the connector catalog so to speak is opening up for them because they require these new types of interconnect products and I think you've hinted that the motor could widen as you move towards electrification these new platforms. So just really want to better understand how you think that business evolves as platform shift and maybe an example or two of what you're doing to retain and enhance your competitive positioning with customers.
Terrence Curtin: Well, I think one thing that's important when you deal with electric vehicles and the penetration we have is one of the things around electric vehicles. We have to be honest you're still at even if we get to the 9 million units we have this year it's still a small part of an 84 million market and one of the things both from the relationships that we have you also have to get the global scale to continue to bring the cost points of the electric vehicles down and we knew we were part of that equation. So how do you get to standardization and while certainly different people are driving different technologies over time we still have to get to a vehicle that people can afford but that subsidies won't turn. And when I think about what we have done historically through our global customer range as well the breadth of technology we bring I think we are one of the ones that are best positioned to capitalize on that and also making sure we scale it and that's one of the things that OEM customers and certainly other people still have some challenges how do they scale electric vehicle and we basically view we get to help them do that. So that's the breadth we have. You see it in some of the global OEMs that are calling more platform versus individual model and they are some of the customers that we have very good relationships with and design wings with that we are going to help them solve that problem. And then we can also take it like we do with the rest of our connector portfolio into other areas to make sure that we bring productivity to the electric vehicle as well and getting our margin.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you Joe. It looks like there is no further questions. So thank you for participating in the call this morning. If you have any other questions please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and 
Terrence Curtin: Thank you everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen your conference will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 AM Eastern today January 29, 2020 on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude your conference for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Conference Call -- Fourth Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal year 2019. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to our host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. With me today our Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forwarding information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations' portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions, during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question.  Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal and thank you everyone for joining us today to cover our 2019 results as well as our outlook for fiscal 2020. As I normally do before we go through the slides, let me frame out the key messages in today's call. First, I am pleased with our execution in the fourth quarter, delivering both revenue and adjusted earnings per share above the midpoint of our guidance, despite the market backdrop where many of our key markets are showing declines. Both in the fourth quarter and for the full year, our results reflect resiliency in our business model and successful execution of multiple levers that we can control to preserve margin, earnings, and cash flow performance despite the cycling we're seeing in certain end markets. And I think the real evidence of this resilience is that our adjusted earnings per share in 2019 being down only 1% on an overall sales decline of 4% versus last year, while maintaining 17% adjusted operating margins for the year. Another key element is that we always talk about our strong cash generation model and our free cash flow in 2019 was up 15% versus the prior year. And from that how we used our capital, we returned $1.6 billion to our owners, while continuing our bolt-on acquisition strategy through which we deployed an additional $300 million of capital in 2019. Now, as we look forward into fiscal 2020, we expect that the majority of our markets, specifically in the Transportation and Communications segments, will decline at similar rates as they did in 2019. Our sales guidance also reflects the headwinds from currency exchange that we're dealing with, as well as ongoing inventory corrections that we're seeing throughout the supply chain, especially in our channel partners which began late in 2019 and we expect to be completed by middle of fiscal 2020. A key point is that our strong content traction will partially offset these headwinds. Now, we continue to benefit from secular trends whether it's electric vehicles, autonomy trends in the -- vehicle next-generation aircraft, factory automation or cloud computing. These trends are real and the content gains that we are experiencing are real as well. These content gains are enabling us to outperform even in declining markets and is buffering the market conditions that we're seeing both in 2019 and what we're assuming in 2020. Lastly, I am pleased that we initiated the cost actions we review with you during our calls and we remain committed to execute on the levers under our control to improve financial performance as we move to 2020. And despite this market environment, I do want to emphasize that our investment pieces remain solid with a more resilient portfolio, leadership positions in attractive markets that benefit from secular trends, and leverage to drive margin and earnings resiliency. And these levers that we're pulling are helping position us to generate more earnings leverage as markets return to growth. So, now I'll turn to the slides and then if you could I would appreciate if you could turn to Slide 3 to briefly review the highlights from the fourth quarter. Our sales in the quarter were $3.3 billion and exceeded the midpoint of our guidance, representing a 6% decline on a reported basis and 5% decline organically year-over-year, due to the market weakness I highlighted. On a sequential basis, our sales were down 3% and on a year-on-year basis, our Transportation segment was down 5% organically, as we expected and this was driven by global auto production declines as well as declines in commercial transportation markets. Industrial Solutions grew 1% organically and that was ahead for guidance, primarily driven by continued strength in Aerospace, Defense and Marine. And lastly, our Communication segment declined 18% organically, as we expected, driven by the inventory destocking in the distribution channel we talked about last quarter. From an earnings perspective, adjusted earnings per share, was $1.33 which exceeded the midpoint of our guidance, driven by strong execution, particularly in our Industrial segment. Adjusted earnings per share declined only 1% on a sales decline of 6% versus the prior year, demonstrating the resiliency we are focused on driving through the cycle. And lastly, fourth quarter adjusted operating margins were as expected at 16.3%. From a free cash flow perspective, similar to the year, it was very strong at nearly $700 million and we returned $332 million to our owners. And our capital strategy continues to include capital deployment to build out our portfolio inorganically and also to further capitalize on the secular trends to drive future growth. So let's turn to Slide 4 for some additional highlights on the full year, as well as to talk more about our guidance for 2020. Through the full year, we delivered sales of $13.4 billion and this was down 4% on a reported basis and 2% organically. Transportation was down 3% organically, driven by the market declines and content growth in our strong global position resulted in outperformance versus decline in global auto production of over 6%. Industrial Solutions grew 3% organically, driven by growth in Aerospace, Defense and Marine and medical applications. And Communications declined 7% organically, driven by market weakness and destocking in the channel. As we discussed in the last call, we saw these inventory trends by our channel partners that started in the order side in the third quarter and impacted our fourth quarter and will continue to impact us through the first half of 2020. For the full year, our adjusted operating margins were at 17% at the total company level and we generated at 130 basis points of margin expansion in our Industrial segment, as we continue to execute on our multiyear margin expansion plans. We delivered adjusted earnings per share of $5.55, down 1% versus the prior year on a 4% sales decline. As I mentioned earlier, I'm very pleased with our free cash flow generation, which was up 15% to $1.6 billion and clearly, this demonstrates our strong cash flow model. Now let me turn to the guidance of the lower part of the slide for fiscal 2020 at a high level and then at the end, I'll come back and provide more details for each segment and end market. So, for 2020, we expect sales of $13 billion and this is a decline of $450 million from 2019. When you think about that decline, about one half of that decline is due to the strength of the U.S. dollar and that's just creating a currency exchange headwind. The other half of the decline versus 2019 is really driven by two key factors. First, as I covered earlier, we are assuming that we will not be seeing end market recoveries in 2020. The markets that declined in 2019 are expected to show continued weakness in 2020, while markets like Aerospace and Medical, we continue to believe will have nice growth as an underlying market in 2020. The other part of the decline is that, we expect inventory destocking that I'd mentioned already to continue through the first half of fiscal 2020, before normalizing in the second half. And as we've mentioned to you before, approximately 20% of our sales go through the distribution channel and the Industrial and Communication segments are the ones with the highest exposure to the channel. So, you're seeing that in our fourth quarter and you'll see that in those segments in the first half as that works through. While we cannot control these headwinds, our 2020 guidance includes the content benefit from the secular trends that we demonstrated over the past several years and this content will partially buffer the top line headwinds that we face as we go into 2020. Moving over to earnings, adjusted earnings per share, we expect to be at $5.05 at the midpoint. This includes an approximately $0.30 a year-over-year headwind from the currency exchange, I talked about already, as well as a higher tax rate that Heath will get into, and these two headwinds are the main majority of the earnings decline. In addition, we're going to continue to execute on the levers we can control driver cost reduction as well as footprint consolidation plans that we've laid out for you, while we're going to continue to invest in long-term growth and our content opportunities. We do expect to generate improvements in both margin and earnings per share as we progress through the year. So let's turn over to orders and that starts on slide five and really sets the basis for our guidance as we start the year. In the fourth quarter, organic orders were down 6% year-over-year and we did see a sequential slowdown with orders down 3% from quarter thee, reflecting the end market and inventory correction trends I mentioned earlier. Our book to bill in the quarter was 0.97 and through our distribution partners, our book to bill was actually 0.90. So let me talk about this a little bit more and you're going to see the segment details on the slide, so let me talk by region and what we see sequentially. First, we did see improvements in China on organic orders sequentially, but this was more than offset by declines in Europe and North America. By segment, Transportation was flat sequentially, but we did see sequentially declines in Industrial and Communications segments and those declines were really driven by the destocking that were seen by our partners. When we talk about our distribution channel partners, orders were down double-digit sequentially in the fourth quarter, so they actually weakened further from what we saw in quarter three from an order perspective. And we continue to see distribution sell-through run at a lower level and then market demand. And we do expect these trends to continue until the end of our second quarter. So let's get into our results by segment and I'm going to start on slide six with Transportation. During the quarter Transportation sales were down 5% organically year-over-year as we expected. In auto, sales were down 4% organically, driven by global auto production declines. In commercial transportation, our sales were down 14% organically, which reflects broad market weakness across the regions, as well as some supply chain corrections that has been noted by some of our customers. Our sensor business was flat organically, with growth in Industrial applications, offset by declines in Transportation applications. And on the margin perspective for the segment, adjusted operating margins were 17.6%, as we thought. So let's move over to Industrial on slide seven. Segment sales grew 1% organically year-over-year above our expectations, with growth driven by our aerospace and defense, as well our medical businesses. Our aerospace, defense and marine business delivered another strong quarter with 13% organic growth and that's driven by content gain from new programs in both commercial aerospace, as well as defense. In Industrial Equipment, sales were down 8% organically, driven by both weak market conditions and factory automation, as well as inventory corrections. And that was partially offset by 5% organic growth in medical applications. Our energy business was up 2% organically, with growth in North America and China offsetting declines in Europe. Our adjusted operating margins in the segment expanded 50 basis points over the prior year to 15.5%, driven by strong execution by our team. And I am pleased that we remain on track with our multi-year margin expansion plan that was evidenced by the 130 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion for the full year for the segment. So let me turn to Communications Solutions on slide eight. In Communications, both our data and device and appliance sales were down 18% organically and that was in line with our expectations. We saw demand-driven weakness across all regions, along with inventory destocking in the distribution channel. This segment has the highest percentage of business going through the distribution channel, so there is greater impact from channel dynamics in this segment. Adjusted operating margins were 12%, which was impacted by the volume driven sales decline. And for this segment, we continue to focus on achieving adjusted operating margins in the mid-teens, and we're utilizing levers to achieve target margins along with the demand returning to more normalized level. So, with that as a backdrop on the segment side, let me turn it over to Heath to cover the financials, and I'll come back later and talk guidance.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide 9, where Ill provide more details on the Q4 financials. Adjusted operating income was $538 million with an adjusted operating margin of 16.3% as we expected. The GAAP operating income was $444 million and included $71 million of restructuring and other charges and $23 million of acquisition charges and other items. For the full year, restructuring charges were $255 million. Now this is lower than we expected due to the timing of certain footprint actions. And you keep in mind that these actions are complex activities, so there is some that have moved from that where the charges will be taken instead of late in 2019 this had moved into 2020, but nothing fundamentally has changed with our overall restructuring plans. As a result, I expect restructuring charges to be at similar levels in fiscal 2020 as we continue to execute on optimizing manufacturing footprint and improving the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was $1.33, down 1% year-over-year and we were able to preserve adjusted EPS despite the sales decline of 6%, as Terrence mentioned. This demonstrates our ability to execute on multiple levers to drive earnings performance. GAAP EPS was $1.11 for the quarter and included restructuring acquisition and other charges of $0.22. And the adjusted effective tax rate in Q4 was 15.1%. Our full year 2019 adjusted effective tax rate was 15.5%. The Swiss tax reform, which is in the process of being enacted currently, which we mentioned last quarter results in our effective tax rate increasing to the high-teens going forward. For 2020, we expect an adjusted effective tax rate of between 18% and 18.5% due to these tax reform changes. However, importantly we do not expect an impact to our cash tax rate, which will stay below our reported ETR, so in the mid-teens for cash tax rate. Turning to slide 10, our full year results demonstrate strong performance in the benefit of our portfolio position in what turned out to be a declining demand environment. Our sales were down approximately $550 million year-over-year, which included approximately $400 million impact from currency exchange rates. On the 4% sales decline, we saw an only 1% reduction in adjusted EPS. Adjusted EPS was $5.55 and we were able to maintain 17% adjusted operating margins despite the sales decline. Adjusted EBITDA margins were approximately 22% and reflect the strong cash performance of the business. So for the full year free cash flow increased by 15% to $1.6 billion with net capital expenditures representing a little over 5% of sales. We remain committed to our balanced capital deployment strategy. We deployed $300 million for acquisitions that will strengthen our sensing and electric vehicle technologies. And please note this does not include the first sensor acquisition that we announced previously and should close some time next spring or early summer. ROIC for the year remains strong in the mid-teens and we continue to target mid-teens ROIC as we balance organic investments with acquisition opportunities. Our balance sheet is healthy and we expect cash flow to remain strong, which provides us the flexibility to utilize cash to support organic growth investments to drive long-term sustainable growth while also allowing us to return capital to our shareholders and continue to pursue bolt-on acquisitions. So I'm pleased with -- that our team reacted quickly and pulled the levers, and our business model throughout the year helped mitigate the impacts of the weaker sales on our margin and EPS performance. As you should expect, we will continue to balance our structural cost actions and our long-term growth investments to ensure sustainability in our business model. With that, I'll turn it back over to Terrence to cover guidance.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Heath, and let me get into guidance. Let me start with the first quarter, that's on slide seven -- 11 and certainly our year builds off of this first quarter. So as I highlighted earlier, the order patterns we saw in the fourth quarter, we do expect that our revenue in the first quarter will be between $3 billion and $3.2 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.10 to $1.16. At the midpoint, this represents declines on reported sales of 7% in total and organic sales of 6% year-over-year. Our sales guidance for quarter one represents a 6% sequential decline and this is greater than a typical seasonal decline, which is more like lower single digits. And it reflects the weakness in the end markets, as well as the ongoing effects of destocking in the distribution channel that I highlighted. Adjusted EPS is expected to be down $0.16 from the prior year, driven by the market-related sales decline as well as a stronger dollar. We do expect operating margins to be slightly below our quarter four levels due to the sequential sales decline. However, we do expect as we go through the year, we're going to see improved margin and earnings performance. If you look at it by segment for the first quarter, we expect Transportation Solutions to be down mid-single-digits organically with high single digit declines in global auto production and broad weakness in commercial transportation markets. Industrial Solutions, we expect to be flat organically and we expect to continue to have nice growth in our aerospace and defense and medical applications. But this is going to be offset by weakness in industrial applications especially around factory automation. In our Communications segment, we expect to be down mid-teens organically and the story in the first quarter is very similar to the story we -- just in the quarter -- booked quarter and is driven by the continued inventory destocking in the distribution channel that we see. So let's turn to slide 12 and I'll cover the full year guidance. We expect full year sales of $13 billion at midpoint, representing year-over-year declines in reported sales of 3% and organic sales decline of 2%. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be $5.05 at the midpoint, which includes year-over-year headwinds of approximately $0.30 from currency exchange and tax rates that we mentioned earlier. So let me talk a little bit about the markets and I'll go through them by segments as normal. So for the full year, we expect Transportation Solutions to be down low single digits organically. We expect our organic auto sales to be flat to down low single digits for the full year. And what we've seen over the past couple of quarters is that we saw global auto production to get to a run rate of around 21 million vehicles per quarter and it ran at both the third and fourth quarter of our fiscal year. And what we expect is that this level of quarterly production is going to remain roughly consistent through 2020. And with this assumption, it results in mid-single-digit global auto production declines for fiscal 2019. We do expect content growth to enable us to continue to outperform these weaker auto end markets. And when you think about commercial transportation as part of the segment, we do expect commercial transportation markets to be down high single digits in 2020, which caused the sales decline in this business to be in line with the market due to some of the inventory corrections that we expect in the early part of the year. And we do expect growth in our sensors business unit this year, driven by the ramp up of new auto wins. Turning over to Industrial Solutions. It is expected to grow low single digits organically with growth in aerospace, defense and medical, being offset by decline in factory automation applications. And in Communications, we expect to be down mid-single-digits organically with both data and devices and appliances being impacted by the continued broad market weakness and inventory destocking in the distribution channel. And with this market framing it's also the way we're thinking about how do we continue to size the organization correctly around these markets as I mentioned earlier. So before I turn it over to questions, just some other things I want to highlight and some of it to reiterate what I said at the front. We have built a strong portfolio with leadership positions in the markets we serve and this portfolio is performing significantly better than last time we went through a market cycle. The content growth that we talked about it is enabling outperformance even in a declining market and it's actually allowing buffering versus some of these weak market conditions of 2019 and 2020. And the trends like I said earlier whether it's electric vehicles, autonomy features in a vehicle, next-generation aircraft, factory automation or cloud computing these are going to continue for quite some time. Additionally, we are demonstrating strong execution on our multi-year Industrial margin expansion plan and remain on track for high teen margin in that segment, and I do feel we're executing on what we can control through our restructuring plans that we've increased across all segments not just Industrial enabling us to take advantage to get greater leverage when we do have markets return to growth. And I finally want to highlight our cash flow generation continues to be strong, whether it's a good market or not and it was proven by the 50% up year-over-year. And it does allow us to maintain a consistent capital strategy with both what we've done on returning capital to owners, as well as improving the portfolio to bolt-on acquisitions. So, before we close, I do want to thank our employees across the world for their execution in 2019 as well as their continued commitment to both our owners and our customers and a future that is safer sustainable productive and connected. So Sujal, with that, let's open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Thank you. Holly, could you please give instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. Thanks very much for taking the question. I'm hoping to better understand the linearity
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Mark.
Mark Delaney: Good morning. Yeah. I'm hoping to better understand the linearity to our revenue and EPS in fiscal 2020 that's assumed in guidance. And maybe you can provide some more color on how the company is expecting revenue and earnings to grow off of the 1Q 2020 base and what the key variables are that lead to that improvement?
Terrence Curtin: So yeah, Mark, thanks for the question. And certainly, the fourth -- the first quarter is based upon the order trends we saw. And the other trends, I would say, reflect the market structure I sort of laid out. But then we also have which will impact the first half what we are experiencing through some of the corrections that we're seeing through channel partners. So when you think about the first half what you're going to see is, you are going to see us under-earning on the top line probably in the magnitude of about $100 million of what we normally we do due to the channel corrections that we're experiencing. And when we think about that, and I know I talked about it in the script, our channel business runs about $2 billion a year and that ran about $500 million a quarter. And that's running about $100 million less than it normally runs. And that's due to we're seeing sell throughout being down in the high single-digits, and certainly we're not seeing that in our market. So the inventory corrections that we're experiencing, we are seeing and that's going to complete through the end of the second quarter. So that's a headwind we're going to have in the first half that will normalize. And some of our assumptions around that was, we did actually see our channel partners inventory come down slightly in the fourth quarter, but that's going to be with us through the first half. When you sort of adjust for that headwind, really what you see as you go through the year is pretty normal seasonality. We aren't assuming that markets are recovering. As I said in my opening comments, there are markets that are strong aerospace, medical. We expect the trends in those markets are going to stay that way through 2020, and you see that in our Industrial Solution segment performance not only this year, but as we guide for next year. When you get in around the Transportation segment, we do expect auto production to stay at that $21 million -- 21 million unit run rate, which is sort of flattish production throughout the year sequentially, so we aren't expecting rebound there or in commercial transportation. So, when you think about the market shape, the market shape is really just once you adjust for the channel destocking, it's going to adjust our normal seasonal pattern, which is we go up a little bit into quarter two, a little bit up further in quarter three and sort of stay there. So there really is a market recovery in the guidance we came out with on. From an earnings perspective, I think there is a couple of things. Certainly, the channel part is creating some pressure on our margin that will reverse as that normalizes in the second half. And when you think about the progression for the year, it's probably about split between 50% of the margin improvement and earnings improvement is due to the revenue improvement, once it destock the other 50 is cost actions 50%. So it's pretty balanced with the actions we have talked to you about. So, the linearity reflects market environment that is sort of a continuation of what we're seeing this year.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, morning everybody. Just maybe I ask a finer point as a follow-up of Mark's question. As you've had a lot of restructuring the past couple of years and more into fiscal 2020 what would you expect kind of the run rate EBIT margin for the three businesses to be as we exit 2020 and build on it in 2021? Just to get a better idea of the savings flow through as volumes recover.
Heath Mitts: Shawn this is Heath. I think you have to -- we have restructuring activity going on in all three of the segments okay. And so now to Terrence's point earlier on the markets and so forth, we are seeing and we continue to expect organic performance next year down 2% and it's a little bit steeper in the Communications segment even. So, as we look at it, we will be exiting the year and we anticipate exiting the year next year closer to our existing run rate here for the second half of 2019, so kind of in that 17-ish number in terms of exiting next year. As you break it down by segment, you would expect continued tick up from our entry point into 2020 and then to the exit points for each of the three segments. Our plan for Industrial has always been how do we consistently get it in from where it historically had been in the low teens operating margins to get it consistently in the mid to high teens. We're a little bit of ahead of schedule on that multiyear journey as you saw the year-over-year improvement in Industrial this year. Transportation certainly has room to move up, particularly as some of the plans come offline that are part of the overall restructuring plan. How much of that we see in 2020 versus as we go into 2021 is still to be determined based on the timing of getting those offline. And then Communications, the smallest of the three segments, so you're always going to have the most volatility in margins there just by the law of small numbers. However, as you look at it over time that business should average out somewhere in the mid-teens from an operating margin perspective. They're obviously battling up against a fair amount of volume depression right now.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you Shawn. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Heath can you talk a little bit about free cash flow in 2020? You had a very strong growth in free cash flow in 2019 despite the revenue performance and I was wondering if you kind of help bridge 2019 with 2020, any major puts and takes that you see?
Heath Mitts: Sure. Thanks for the question Wamsi. Listen we're pleased with the cash flow performance. I mean we talked a lot about the markets here and earnings and margins and so forth. But at the end of the day, cash is still king. And we feel very good about our ability to -- in this environment, our operating model allows us to reporting capital out pretty aggressively. So, between working capital optimization, we obviously are spending less in CapEx in this environment, but don't misinterpret that or anything in terms of funding growth activities that still remains strong. We're also taking advantage of some of the investments we've made when we were spending more in the prior year to add capacity in certain regions that is allowing us to move some of the restructuring that we're doing now. Now, there will be some restructuring dollars put into play as we go into 2019 in terms of mainly severance expense and so forth related to those restructuring activities. But as we look forward, I would anticipate a similar level of CapEx in 2020 as we just experienced in 2019. I would expect our working capital to stay resilient and I would expect a similar type of conversion if you will between cash and net income as we think about FY 2020. So, it's a good story.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And your next question come from the line of William Stein with SunTrust.
Joe Meares: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. This is Joe on for Will.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Joe.
Joe Meares: I think you guys said deployed. Hey, how are you? I think you guys said deployed about $300 million in acquisitions last year and you have two more on the come the SMI and First Sensor. I'm just wondering what kind of sales and EPS boost you'd imagine in aggregate in fiscal 2020 from all these deals you've done?
Heath Mitts: Joe appreciate the question. The current outlook that we just guided to seems a fairly de minimis amount of acquisition. I think there's -- year-over-year there's about $50 million of top line impact. And as you can imagine with businesses just coming online that's only $0.01 or so of EPS. The -- as we look forward particularly into First Sensor, which is the more sizable of the deals our -- given where the uncertainty of the timing and one that's going to actually close we have not included anything in our guidance. Relative to First Sensor as that closes, we will certainly update that. But on an annualized basis for sensors, it's about $175 million business and is reasonably profitable. So as we bring it into the fold, we'll update our overall guidance accordingly.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And your next question comes from Joe Giordano with Cowen.
Joe Giordano: Hey, good morning.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Joe, good morning.
Joe Giordano: As you look at your global production auto estimates, what market of the three majors that you play and you think is that most risk in terms of just the market itself getting weaker from here? And if I could just ask if you can clarify your comments about content on commercial vehicles being declining roughly like your commercial vehicle sales declining roughly with market why is that kind of shifting towards a less of a content spread there? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Joe. Let me take separately. So first off on global auto production. When you sit there, it does feel and even when we think about next year, I'm going to keep on going back to this 21 million units a quarter, we have been dealing with in 2019. Now areas where we had the amount of cars on lot being worked down that helped. You had some of the regulation to happen in Europe and it does feel when we look at these past couple of quarters pretty stable around 21 million units. Now what that means by region as we looked at 2020 that does sort of say Asia including China is down about mid single-digits. You have Europe down about 2% after being down high single-digits in 2019. And it does actually show for the first time now how we would tell you the Americas and the U.S. will be down slightly low single-digits. So when I look at those excuse me I don't view one. It is aggressive. Certainly, we have to continue to see -- probably China is always the one that you sit there and as inventory has come down, we still wouldn't like to see demand pick up. But net, net I think at that 21 million units were pretty balanced as we go through the year. And the other thing I would just say is we are very globally balanced that we plan all the basic programs on the year-end and regionally. So one shifts a little bit versus another. We're going to benefit from that. So let me turn to the second part of your question on commercial transportation. The commercial transportation market like I said in my comments, we do expect to be down high single-digit. As a market, we are experiencing and you saw in our fourth quarter result we are seeing supply chain corrections by our OEM customers that started in the fourth quarter and will go in the early part of next year. That is really not a distribution business for us, that's more of a direct business for us like most of the Transportation segment. So as we look at next year and how we guide for next year, we're sort of assuming that our revenue for that market will equal the market, because the content gains will need to absorb some of the supply chain effects. So content like you've seen over the past three years, we had very good content momentum. We're just going to need some of that content to absorb some of the supply chain, so next year we're sort of assuming will be more at market and actually exceeding market due to some of the supply chain effects we're going to feel early in 2020.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: And your next question come from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matt Sheerin: Hey, guys. Thanks and good morning.
Terrence Curtin: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Sheerin: Just one question -- good morning. Just related to your auto business. Do you have -- seeing any impact from the GM strike both this quarter and as you look out to the December quarter? And just to follow-up on the commercial transportation and the HVOR market, where there has been the supply chain inventory build. Are you expecting that to take a couple of quarters just as you are the distribution channel? Or it gives your outlook in terms of end market growth differ at all?
Terrence Curtin: So let me take the second one because it builds on the question before you Matt. So we do expect that's going to take a couple of quarters. I would say it's similar to distribution channel but I would say it's not in the distribution channel. So, yes, we did see that. You saw our performance in the fourth quarter in commercial transportation was down about 14% and we do expect we're going to get that correction work through here in the early part of 2020. On the first part of your question on the GM strike, it really doesn't have a big impact on us because of how global we are. We're fortunate that every major OEM is a customer of TE. And I think it shows our global strength so -- while certainly that strike has impacted production a little bit it really doesn't play in much to our numbers.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Question for Terrence just looking through just what's kind of difficult market conditions. Is this a period to kind of look more internally focused in terms of making it sure you execute through to a difficult market? Or at the same time are there opportunities in kind of M&A in terms of maybe some dislocations out there? So just want to get a sense of how you're writing the business and how M&A comes into play here.
Terrence Curtin: Craig it's a combination of both. Clearly I think you've seen last year, last year was -- turned out to be a year where our -- net-net our markets were negative, overall despite very strong growth in places like aerospace and medical. And we deployed capital. We added to the sensor platforms as Heath said, we also added something in the electric vehicle platforms and they're trends that we're committed to. And they're driving content opportunities. So no different than the earlier question. We have a couple more sensor, one smaller, one SMI that just closed, First Sensors out there. We're going to continue to look at how do we strengthen this portfolio, because we do like around the secular trends how that can drive growth and the markets are cycled. And whether it's automotive, whether it's factory equipment, we are going to have these cycles. We are going to have periods where inventory corrects in supply chain and I think we have to just stay balanced and be good capital deployers through the cycle, not stopped to one or the other. And I think, we've shown we can do both and I think we've been pretty disciplined when it comes to capital over the years and I expect we're going to stay that way.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Craig. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. I believe it was Terrence who mentioned on the Q&A about three quarters of inventory adjustment, if I heard that correctly. And if so, was that on all the different end markets, or was that more specific to say Industrial or auto? And can you maybe update us about -- it sounds like that that would have been put us towards mid-next year about being in a more healthy equilibrium state or inventory. But if you can kind of make -- break it down by the end markets about inventory and the duration for the adjustment for equilibriums? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: You know, Jim, thanks for the question. And as I said, we started to see this on our orders as we talked last quarter to you. We started to see the orders do it. And it really -- how it's impacting our revenue? It impacted us this quarter. You see that our Communications and in the industrial equipment market of our Industrial segment. So when you think about those businesses -- and that's really through the electronic distribution channel, we expect that, that hadn't started and we started to feel it in our fourth quarter we just closed. And in those three businesses themselves, you're going to see that continue into our first quarter and we expect it to end by the end of our second quarter. So that's really a temporary headwind that we have. And they're the markets you're going to see at the most spin Jim. The other market that I did mention which is in Transportation is industrial commercial transportation, which is the heavy truck. That's more above direct supply chain that we're feeling, you saw in the fourth quarter. We think we're going to follow a similar pattern, elsewhere. We feel inventory's pretty good and I was tracking pretty much to demand and underlying market plus content. So it's really those couple of markets and you can actually see it in the slides. Those markets that are showing down double-digit they are typically the ones that you're going to see -- seeing some of the impacts of the corrections that we're going through.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Jim. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. 
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. 
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Hi, Heath and Terrence and Sujal. On the sensors comment, I think, I heard positive growth next year for thought relative to auto wins. Just wondering if you could kind of range how that expectation might unfold and may be in terms of platform mix and take rates, but also broader how you see the inflection for your sensors business ramping over the next couple of years say on the basis of flattish production?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, so Chris good question and if you look at this year our sensors business growth was below where we thought it was going to be mainly due to what we saw in the heavy truck as well as some of the auto and end market demand -- market being a lot slower than we expected. So some of the growth that we've talked to you about -- about program ramps has been slower due really to underlying markets. And our sensors business does not have the benefit of the broad base of being on every OEM like our auto business. So you will get a bit more lumpiness on there. As we go into next year, we do sort of view the auto ramps and the Industrial space with the drivers of growth for sensors we're still going to have -- we still have a big trunk of our sensors business that's an heavy truck. That is going to be impacted by that market. And then you're going to continue to see those auto wins we've talked to you about well over $2 billion continue to ramp-up. So you're going to continue to see that content separation that we have been showing in sensors versus underlying production. Unfortunately this year has been muted by production, but we do expect that's going to continue. And that's some of the reasons we're excited that we will be able to grow next year even though auto and industrial transportation markets are going to really be helping us.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities.
Deepa Raghavan: Good morning, all. So my question is on automotive. Terrence what's your sense on how long the auto weakness can last? And what are some of the drivers you're monitoring that can help provide visibility into any, sort of, inflection to growth when that were to happen? I mean you touched on trying to being a wildcard we understand but that's one part of the question? Second is also can you talk about some of the steps that TE is taking to keep or gain market share in the current environment? Thank you. 
Terrence Curtin: So a couple of things. I think what we look at not only do what we hear from our customers we do look what is happening from a sales perspective, inventory perspective around the world. And I would say that trends we've talked to you about whether it's electric vehicle, I would say electric vehicle trends continue to accelerate. Regionally they've strengthened in Europe maybe China with some of the pause it's slowed down, but I would say net-net. When we think of the world the electrical trend -- the electrical powertrain trend is accelerating certainly with Europe being the leader of it. And even if you take 2019 going into 2020 even though electric vehicles are still small part both electric and hybrid are going to be closely up to about 50% year-over-year even though a small part of the market. So we get the benefit of that. Clearly we also are trying to also understand autonomy's probably pushed out little bit I would say as all of us that are in the automotive space you have less production. We all have to focus. And in that regard you see more focus going on the electric vehicle powertrain versus autonomous. You're still going to move up autonomous by feature, but probably full Level five further out. And what's created we benefit from both of those. And certainly electric vehicle is a bigger content item for us than autonomy like we talked to you about. So we look at the same production trends you look at. It does feel like inventory continues to normalize around the world and certainly we're adjusting. And I think as Heath laid out on some of the cost plans there was things we're going to take advantage of. And hey this auto market is weaker than we thought. And what we laid out to you is how we're going to plan our cost structure to. So it's not just about setting expectations, it's also the things we're going to work to get our cost structure right to put the flexibility we need in the auto market and the other markets we serve.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Deepa. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask on the corporate level or the broader level. You mentioned a couple of times today, the resilience in the earnings performance in fiscal 2019 despite kind of the revenue declines that you saw. And then, that's kind of evident in the fourth quarter results as well, but when I kind of dial forward to the fiscal 2020 guidance it goes the other direction where you have modest kind of 2% decline in revenue, but you have a higher decline in the earnings performance. And even when I exclude kind of FX or tax impact, but still kind of probably a bit more higher earnings decline than the revenue. So, I'm just wondering can you help me bridge what changes between fiscal 2019 and 2020 on that front? Is it more reflective of kind of it becoming more difficult to drive cost out or reduce cost in commentary of a year as revenue comes down or volume comes down?
Heath Mitts: Now, I appreciate the question. This is Heath. Listen, we've dropped from two years ago to where we just guided, right, about $1 billion and still held operating margins in the high-teens. And so, there's nothing for -- to apologize for there. However, your point is taken. The -- when we're operating at this level and we have this amount of restructuring activity going on, including footprint changes manufacturing sites coming offline, there is going to be periods of time when you do have some margin compression certainly as you have duplicative activity going on as sites are coming offline while other sites are coming up. And we'll see some of that during FY 2020 for some of the things we've taken the charges for already in FY 2019 as well as the anticipated changes that we see forthcoming -- charges that we see forthcoming in the early part of 2020. So, there is that kind of activity going on. In addition to the fact that we are going to see, as you mentioned earlier, the currency and the tax rates tick-up certainly that has about -- that impacts about $0.30 year-over-year on earnings and we'll continue to update that. But in general, I feel like the team is focused. We've got some opportunity to exit the year in FY 2020 in a pretty tough anticipated environment and a position that when we come out of this part of the cycle across all of our businesses, we feel very good to flex up on the uptick, relative to the cost structure and relative to where the mix of business is going to be.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Samik. May we have the next question please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up question from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Thanks for taking the follow-up. So your content, I think came in around 4% the low end of the range for 2019. How much do you think that this was timing related versus mix related and other things that you see given your design wins and things like that that can drive 2020 content growth towards the higher end of the range?
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Wamsi for the follow-up. I mean, I think, the range that we've talked to you about 4% to 6%, we remain confident at that 4% to 6%. Certainly, when you take a year like this year, where you have sort of a decline in production, you can get some supply chain effects, no different than we highlighted to you. Sometimes our content as the market was growing was above the high end of our range. So, I don't see anything from a mix versus the 4% to 6% changing. I actually -- we feel good with the 4% to 6%. And like I say on the -- in our quarter, you may be off a little bit due to supply chain effects, but feel pretty good about the 4% to 6% as we're going to the next year as well as long term. So, it's creating a buffer versus the negative market, I think that's pretty clear with the backdrop and the environment we've been dealing with. And I think our content trends have been pretty consistent with the past three to four years, that gives us confidence and with the wind we're seeing and also how we partner with our customers.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Wamsi.
Sujal Shah: I want to thank everybody for joining our call this morning. And if you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time today, October 30, 2019 on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity website. That will conclude our conference for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Third Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal Year 2019. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions, during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal. And also I appreciate everyone joining us today as we go through our third quarter results and our revised outlook for 2019. Now, before I get into the slides, let me frame out a few key points that were going to talk about in todays call. First off, Im very pleased with our execution in the third quarter. We delivered adjusted earnings per share $0.07 above the midpoint of guidance, despite sales being $60 million below the midpoint, in what continues to be an uncertain market backdrop that weakened since our call with you just 90 days ago. Despite this weaker market backdrop, I want to stress that we continue to be focused on executing our strategy, and the multiple leverage in our business model. And as weve been sharing with you and started at our Investor Day, there is three areas of key focus within our business model, which include top-line growth, number one; secondly, margin expansion; and thirdly, capital deployment. And when we think about these three areas, and starting with the growth one, growth is around positioning our portfolio in markets with long-term secular trends that enable organic outperformance from content growth through the cycle, as well as expansion of our portfolio inorganically. When we think about the second lever of margin, it is looking at structural cost improvement through both footprint rationalization, as well as selling, general and administrative expense initiatives that give us scale advantage. And on the third, when we think about capital deployment, it starts with our strong cash flow generation model, and how we balance the capital return, as well as expanding our portfolio that I think we've been pretty clear on in our experience that you've had with us, it has been pretty consistent. When we think about this year, and really driven by the market environment backdrop, the organic growth lever has been challenged after two years where it was the key pillar of our performance. And in 2019, we have been focused on executing on the other levers to protect margin and earnings performance. Now, as we look forward, we are reducing our full-year guidance for both sales and adjusted earnings per share due entirely to the incremental market weakness that we're experiencing. During last quarters earnings announcement, we indicated that we were seeing stabilization in key end markets, and that was reflected by sequential order growth that we were experiencing. Now, since that time, we have seen this trend reverse and have seen a sequential decline in orders. Order patterns, when you take it into the two big buckets of this decline, the first one is a further drop in auto production in China and then, the second is broad inventory destocking of electronic components in the distribution channel. And both of these are really why we've adjusted our outlook. The other thing that I want to stress before I get into slides is that, the proof on the execution against our leverage is our model in this challenging market. Its really illustrated not only by our third quarter performance where we grew earnings per share on a sales decline, but also the change in our guidance since the start of the year. Our original fiscal year guidance last November was for sales of $14.1 billion and adjusted earnings per share $5.70. Our current guide is for sales of $13.4 billion and adjusted earnings per share $5.50. Current guidance represents a $700 million drop in sales but only a $0.20 drop in adjusted earnings per share versus our guidance at the start of the year. And what I would tell you, I think this is proof of execution versus the levers in our model, as well as the improvement we've made in this portfolio to enable margin and earnings resiliency through a cycle. So, let me now get into the slides, and Heath and I'll go through them and get into more details. And let's start with slide three. And I'll review the highlights in the quarter. From a top-line perspective, sales were $3.4 billion, and this was down 5% year-over-year on a reported basis and down 3% organically. The difference between reported and organic is primarily due to a headwind of approximately $125 million, which is due to currency translation. In our Transportation segment, our sales were down 4% organically due to a greater than expected decline in auto production that was at 10% globally, and this was driven by China. Our Industrial segment grew 2% organically, in line with our guidance, driven by strong performance and growth in our commercial aerospace, defense and medical markets. And our Communication segment declined 11% on an organic basis, which was lower than we expected, due to inventory destocking and the distribution channel. From an earnings perspective, our third quarter adjusted operating margins were 17.6%, up 20 basis points year-over-year, as well as up 60 basis points sequentially. This is really due to our teams execution of the cost lever, as I mentioned earlier. And operating margins are up both year-over-year and sequentially, despite revenue declines.  From an earnings per share perspective, our adjusted earnings per share was a $1.50 and exceeded the high end of the guidance, despite the lower sales and was driven by the strong operational execution that I mentioned. In addition to the earnings, our strong cash generation is key enabler of our business model. And our free cash flow was $515 million in the third quarter. Year-to-date, our free cash flow is $928 million and is up approximately 27% versus the prior year. During the quarter, we returned $307 million to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. And in addition to return of capital, our capital deployment strategy continues to include building out our portfolio inorganically to further capitalize on the secular trends to drive future growth. In the quarter, we completed bolt-on acquisitions of the Kissling Group that will benefit our commercial transportation business as well as Alpha Technics, a provider of temperature sensing technology into the medical market. In addition, we also announced our intent to acquire First Sensor, which is a German public sensor company that serves auto, industrial and medical markets, and just how that process works that will be further out and wont close immediately. So, now, let met talk more about the change in guidance. And as I mentioned earlier, its based solely upon the weaker market conditions. And were reducing the full sales outlook by $250 million to $13.4 billion, and the midpoint of adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.10 to $5.50. Of the $250 million reduction from our prior view, approximately two-thirds is in transportation, which is primarily driven by China -- China auto and approximately one-third is in communications, which is primarily driven by lower demand in the distribution channel, as a result of destocking by our partners. As a result of market conditions, we are also further increasing the scope of our restructuring to $375 million this year, which is an increase of $125 million for our prior view, and Heath will get into more details later. So, I appreciate if you could turn to slide four and let me get into the order trends by our segments. In the third quarter, our organic orders were down 10% year-over-year, 4% sequentially, reflecting end markets and inventory trends that I mentioned. Our book to bill was 0.98 and our orders declined in each region and in each segment. By segment, Transportation was down 10% organically year-over-year, reflecting further declines in auto production, primarily in China. The sequential order increases we saw in China in the second quarter, reversed in the third quarter as both auto sales and production figures weakened further. By region, we saw year-over-year declines in the double digits in China as well as in Europe and mid single digit decline in the Americas. In the Industrial segment, industrial orders were down 5% organically, driven by industrial equipment, partially offset by growth in aerospace and defense, as well as in energy. I do want to highlight that in our Industrial Equipment business, it does have a high ratio of sales to the distribution channel. In our Communications segment, orders were down 17% organically year-over-year, driven by broad-based weaknesses across all regions. So, let me talk a little bit about what we're seeing in the distribution channel. And as I mentioned earlier, we are being impacted by destocking by our partners. Now, at the total TE level, this fiscal year, approximately 20% of our sales are through our distribution partners. And we have higher levels of concentration in the Industrial and Communications segments. We've seen a large reduction in orders by our distributors as a result of broader inventory trends that go beyond our products, and it goes into other component areas. Based on the order patterns, we are expecting a substantial reduction in distribution revenue in our fourth quarter, which we have reflected in our guidance. So, please turn to slide five and I'll discuss our segment results in the quarter. And as always, I'll start with Transportation. Transportation sales were down 4% organically you-over-year. Our auto sales were down 4% organically versus auto production declines of 10% in the quarter that I mentioned earlier. Our outperformance versus auto production continues to be driven by content growth from the secular trends weve positioned around, including electric vehicles and increased autonomous features. For the full-year, we continue to expect content growth to partially buffer auto production declines, consistent with the content growth targets we've laid out for you. In commercial transportation, sales were down 5% organically, reflecting broad market weakness, both across markets and regions. And our sensors business grew 1% organically year-on-year with growth driven by industrial applications. From an earnings perspective for the segment, adjusted operating margins were 18.6%, and they grew 110 basis points sequentially, as a result of the accelerated costs actions weve talked to you about. In light of market conditions, we expect to take additional cost actions, which is reflected in the increased restructuring charges I mentioned earlier. So, please turn to slide six, and I'll discuss our Industrial Solutions segment. The segment sales grew 2% organically year-over-year, in line with our expectations with growth in aerospace, defense and medical really being the growth drivers. Our aerospace, defense and marine business delivered a very strong quarter of 17% organic growth, driven by both, new program ramps and commercial aerospace, as well as the defense side. In industrial equipment, sales were down 6% organically, driven by inventory destocking, partially offset by strength in medical applications. Also, our energy business was flat on an organic basis with growth in North America offsetting declines in Europe. From an earnings perspective, Industrial Solutions adjusted operating margins expanded 220 basis points over the prior year to 16.6%, driven by strong operational execution by our team. I am pleased that we can still generate strong performance in this quarter, despite a challenging market environment. And our plans remain on track to expand adjusted operating margins into the high teens over time for this segment. So, let me turn to Communications Solutions and flip to page seven, please. Communications sales were down 11% organically, well below our expectations, and it goes back to what I talked about earlier. This segment has the highest percentage of business going through the distribution channel. So, there is a greater impact from inventory destocking in this segment. Adjusted operating margins were 14.9%, they declined 70 basis points over the prior year due to volume. So, with that, I will turn it over to Heath to cover the financials for quarter three, and I will come back and cover guidance.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide eight, where Ill provide more details on the Q3 financials. Adjusted operating income was $596 million with an adjusted operating margin of 17.6%. GAAP operating income was $520 million and included $67 million of restructuring and other charges and $9 million of acquisition charges. Last quarter, we mentioned that we were broadening the scope of our cost initiatives to better align the cost structure of the organization with the market environment. Given the market conditions, we are taking further advantage of the current low in demands to reduce our fixed costs and better align our footprint with our customer supply chain. Hence, we are increasing our estimate of restructuring charges to $375 million for the full year. This represents an increase of $125 million versus our prior view. The additional actions are primarily in our Transportation and Communication segments. And Im confident that the initiatives we've taken so far this year have enabled margin and EPS resiliency, despite weaker markets. We are now further accelerating cost actions to ensure that we can preserve margin and EPS performance during this part of the cycle. As we have shown in the past, this will enable us to realize improved margin as demand returns. Adjusted EPS was a $1.50, up 6% year-over-year. We were able to grow adjusted EPS year-over-year, despite a reduction of revenue, which demonstrates our ability to execute on multiple levers to drive earnings performance. GAAP EPS was $2.24 for the quarter and included a $0.91 tax benefit, primarily related to Swiss tax reform. This benefit was partially offset by restructuring, acquisitions and other charges of $0.17. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q3 was 13.6%; and for the full-year, we expect the adjusted effective tax rate to be roughly 16.5%. Swiss tax reform resulted in one-time tax benefit in Q3 but increases our effective tax rate going forward. So, you should continue to expect the tax for TE to be in the high teens as we move beyond this year. However, importantly, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our reported ETR. Now, if I can get you to turn to slide nine. Sales of $3.4 billion were down 5% year-over-year on a reported basis and down 3% organically. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $123 million versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 17.6%. And our strong margin performance despite lower sales is a result of the benefits we're seeing from proactive cost actions we initiated earlier this year, as well as the progress we've made in profitability across all the segments, particularly the Industrial segment. In the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $692 million and our free cash flows was $515 million with $166 million of net capital expenditures. We returned $307 million to shareholders through dividend and share repurchases in the quarter. And year-to-date 2019 free cash flow is $928 million, which is an increase of 27% versus the prior year. We expect that our free cash flow will exceed the prior year, even with the increased level of restructuring investment related to our cost initiatives, so powerful story there. Our balance sheet is healthy, and we expect cash flow to remain strong, which provides us the flexibility to utilize cash for organic growth investments to drive long-term sustainable growth while also allowing us to return capital to shareholders and continue to pursue bolt-on acquisitions. I'm pleased with our team reacting quickly to pull the levers in our business model earlier in the year to help mitigate the impacts of weaker sales on our margin and EPS performance. But as you should expect, we will continue to balance our structural cost actions with our long-term growth investments to ensure sustainability of our business model going forward. So, with that, I'll turn it back over to Terrence to cover guidance before we get into questions. 
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Heath. And, let me get into guidance, and I'll start with the fourth quarter, which is on slide 10. Now, based on what we laid out and were seeing in the markets and the order trends, fourth quarter revenue is expected to be $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion with adjusted earnings per share of $1.27 to $1.33. At the midpoint, this represents lower year-over-year reported and organic sales of 7%. Even with the sales decline, were only expecting year-over-year reduction of $0.05 in adjusted EPS on $250 million of lower revenue, which is evidence of the multiple levers we're pulling in our business model, including the accelerated cost actions Heath just talked about. Looking at it by segments, we expect Transportation Solutions to be down mid single digits organically. And this is based upon a global auto production environment, which we expect to be down 6% in the quarter with our revenue being impacted by supply chain adjustments, in light of further weakening in production trends. In Industrial Solutions, we expect to be down low single digits organically with declines in industrial equipment from the inventory destocking being partially offset [technical difficulty] growth momentum in aerospace and defense and medical applications. And in Communications, we expect to be down approximately in the high teens, as the inventory destocking, we've mentioned, works its way through, and it will impact that segment more than the others. Now, turn to slide 11, I'll get into the full year guidance for 19. For the full year, we expect sales in the range of $13.35 billion to $13.45 billion. As I mentioned earlier, this is a reduction of $250 million from our prior view, due to lower auto production driven by China and inventory destocking in the distribution channel. Our guidance represents declines of 2% on an organic basis and 4% on a reported basis with currency translation headwinds of $400 million on a full year basis. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $5.47 to $5.53. And this is a $0.10 reduction from our prior view. On a year-over-year basis, we are expecting adjusted EPS to be up low single digits excluding currency exchange headwinds of $0.16. Similar to quarter four, let me get into some color on the segments for the full year guide. We expect Transportation Solutions to be down low single digits organically. And we now expect global auto production to be down approximately 7% versus our prior view of being down 5% with the reduction primarily driven by China, and certainly this is all on our fiscal period. Year-to-date today, our revenue growth has exceeded auto production by the content growth range that we told you that in the range of 4% to 6%. So, our content position is very strong. In Industrial Solutions, we continue to expect sales to be up low single digits organically with growth driven by aerospace, defense as well as medical applications. And lastly in Communications, we do expect to be down high single digits organically, driven by the Asia market weakness that we've been talking about before this quarter as well as the inventory destocking in the distribution channel that were seeing thats impacting us here late in the year. So, with that, before we go into questions, let me just recap some key takeaways that I thought we convey during the call. First, weve seen weakening in the market since the last call, and this is driving the reduction in our guidance. Its driven by two main areas, drop in auto production in China, as well as what we are experiencing through our distribution partners as they are destocking their inventories. Secondly, we have positioned TE to benefit from secular trends such as electric vehicles, autonomous driving, next generation airframes as well as interventional medical applications and cloud infrastructure growth, which are enabling us to outperform weaker markets. Thirdly, despite this market backdrop, we are successfully executing on our strategy, driving the multiple levers that we have in our business model to protect our margin and earnings performance through the cycle. And lastly, goes without saying, I think weve proven this, when we've seen markets that were weaker in the past, we're going to take advantage of these lows as an opportunity to aggressively go after cost reduction and footprint consolidation activities, and we're following the same approach and expect to emerge with increased earnings power when these markets return to growth. So, before I close, I do want to also thank our employees across the world for their execution in quarter three and what continues to be a mixed market backdrop and as well as their commitment to our customers and a future that is safer, sustainable, productive and connected. So, with that, Sujal, let's open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Lisa, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Question to Terrance, just given the backdrop that were in, just wanted to get your thoughts, kind of as you manage internally, you have a number of restructuring programs going on, but also externally you are still looking to kind of pursue and execute on M&A. And then, how you kind of balance those things in what's kind of a difficult cycle?
Terrence Curtin: I mean, couple of things. I think, first off, it goes back to we're very fortunate that we have a very strong cash generation model that you see it with the free cash flow we generated. So, I don't think, as we manage through both of these as well as we return capital to owners, I don't think it's one versus the other. I think, what's really nice about what we've done with our portfolio, you see how the content trends where we position ourselves well, you see it even how automotive contents buffering, recession and automotive production that we got a little bit of head take last quarter in China that made it a little bit worse here. But I do think, when we look at what sensors and medical which are platforms that we want to build on, as well as areas like Kissling that we talked about, thats an area where electric and how do we get into high power and commercial transportation. We're going to continue to look for M&A opportunities that continue to build on where we have a very strong position. So, I don't think its one versus the other. And I also believe when we get into our cost structure, I'm pretty pleased that weve got after it early in the year. We've been sort of -- auto production has gotten worse. So, we had to expand some things to make sure we take the cost out during the low. And even with what Heath talked about, what we're talking about in some of the expanded is also making sure we're looking at maybe some opportunities in Communications at higher volumes we probably couldn't take advantage of. The only other thing I would add is I'm also very pleased that when you think about the adjustments, we're making to market, there's also things we teed up last year and the year before that we talked about, about the Industrial segment. And you're really seeing how we continue to improve the performance of that segment, how its contributing. And there's still things that aren't -- some of the investments we've made aren't having a payback yet. So, I think it provides future leverage as we fix the fixed cost structure TE, and get better aligned, and also a little bit more agile. So, I think, you're going to continue to see us balancing both of them. And I think, this quarter is a great example of it.
Operator: The next question comes from David Leiker from Baird. Your line is open.
David Leiker: I wanted to dig through a little bit about some of these headwinds you're seeing in the channel. It seems to be impacting you a little bit later than some other people. I want to understand, if we can, how your business going through that channel is different than other people? And how long for your products -- as we go through those corrections in that channel, how long does it last for you to kind of work through that? Thanks. 
Terrence Curtin: Okay. So, David, I don't know what other products that youre talking about. When you think through us, of our $13.4 billion of revenue, there's a little bit over $2 billion that goes through channel partners. And it's really around the medium to small customers that we can't serve directly and we do leverage our channel partners for that. When you look at and you sort of take that $2 billion, our transportation business is a very direct business. So, the channel impact is pretty small when it deals with our Transportation segment. As you deal with the markets that have more fragmented customer basis, you get that in our industrial equipment area that's been impacted by it, you're also seeing it in our Communications segment. And, what we were seeing was actually our business through our channel partners have been staying pretty stable at around -- the orders were running around $500 million per quarter, about the last six quarters. And this past quarter and the June quarter, it's stepped down, and we expect it to step down even further, and there's been some announcements out there. Typically, that's getting aligned more with the slowness of the market, as well as I think we're also being impacted that some of the channel partners due to lead times and other product categories and certain semi categories and passives probably got a little bit ahead of themselves in making sure they had enough supply. That all being said, these types of supply chain adjustments, while a headwind now, typically take four to six months to sort of work through. Clearly, we're in the middle of it and I think they are temporary effects. So, they are something we're going to have to work through here over the next couple of quarters. And, that'll be a tailwind at some point, depending upon where markets are. And we're in the middle of it. So, while it may be later versus other categories, it is -- we start to see it in the orders from quarter three. It will be with us for a little bit. And then, it will be a tailwind at some point when it corrects and gets normalized.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Shawn Harrison: The auto sector in terms of the step-down here, particularly lead by China, are there any leading indicators that youre looking to track the inventory, the other factors within China or globally that will tell you weve reached the bottom? And Im now looking for you to guide the December quarter but just to speak about it in some sense of whether we could reach the bottom in the December quarter, and calendar 20 could represent a more positive environment.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. So, as everybody heard us talk last quarter, we sort of knew we were getting the stabilization in auto production. And I think Ive been said on this call or at some conversations, at conferences, we sort of thought we were running around 22 million units of cars being produced per quarter and we thought we were stabilizing. And to the comments I made on the call, what we actually saw in sort of after our earnings, you saw China car sales were down mid teens, and certainly that has impacted China auto production. And I would tell you right now, global automotives running around 21 million unites versus 22 million units. So, that's impacted us by about of 2 million units coming out. That all being said, we are looking at inventories in China, inventory days on hand in China in addition to the sales. They are around 59 days on hand. Thats a little heavy. I wouldnt say its horribly heavy. But, they are the types of things both on the car sales as well as the inventories we're looking at. And right now, I would tell you, were sort of assuming that were running around that 21 million unit rate. China typically has a step up in the first quarter in production. I guess, thats the real uncertainty. I would say, we have to continue to walk for the car sales and inventory levels are before we would tell you where we should be. But right now, our model is sort of thinking, theyre saying how do we plan the business around 21 million units globally per quarter in automotives, how we're thinking about it and also how we're adjusting our cost structure and some of the things Heath talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Terrance, you opened the call talking about revenue growth and sort of some of the headwinds here in 2019. As we think about adjusting to these lower organic growth levels in fiscal 19, can you maybe give us some sense of how we should think about heading into fiscal 20 first quarter, how we should think about seasonality and also these lower fiscal 4Q levels? And how do you view the odds of continued headwinds going into fiscal 20?
Terrence Curtin: Thank you for the question, Wamsi. There is part of this as you know, Im going to not answer because we're really not guiding to 20 here, and certainly, as we get more intelligence, we will. I think, there are some things that I would highlight though to your question. I think, there will be things like auto production that has been fluid. I think, we have to continue to keep fluid. But, I would also say, when you also think about that, of this point, actually weve talked around 21 million units is, we're still positioning ourselves around that 4% to 6% content element. So, you've seen it this year, even at while the markets been worse. I think, you're going to continue to see that. So, as we pick production points and you do your analysis, I do think you're going to see those benefits around transportation. Certainly, you're going to see it in aerospace, youre seeing it in medical. So, I think that's, that's first up, I would say, as you work your analysis is important. I'll go -- second thing is, probably going back to what David said. Channel destocking is a temporary item. And I think there's going to be a lot of data points, not only by us, but there's some out there. This will normalize. So, what is the headwind that we have in quarter four that will go into early next year, certainly that will turn like it typically does. And the other thing I would just say, as we go into next year, and as well as revenue is, there's lots of levers that we're pulling. And where they hit in the year from a cost perspective will be at different points, depending upon we initiated. But I do think, as we try to manage through this, we have many cost levers that we're working that I think no different as we displayed in quarter three and quarter four. We're going to continue to be working from an earnings perspective. Now, that being said, there is a sub point in your question around how do we see seasonality? Let's face it, this year, seasonality was not normal. Quarter three and quarter four typically are strongest quarters of the year, and quarter four is already going to be our weakest. So, I don't think you can take the normal seasonal patterns that we have and say, hey, quarter one is going to be down mid to high single digits in the quarter four. I think, you have to adjust for some of these facts, as you look at that. And certainly, well guide more as we talk to you in 90 days. But we just not say go blind seasonality, because these markets arent typical either. So, a longer answer than probably wanted, but hopefully that gives you some insights, as you think about things. And well give you more input in 90 days.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: I know this might be hard to answer and I know you're not giving 2020 guidance. But, can you help us give a little granularity on the restructuring, as far as kind of payback is -- sometimes you do restructuring in Europe and it takes a few years to see an impact but you do in the U.S. and its immediate. Could you just help us understand either directionally or an actual kind of tailwind for 2020 would be helpful, or at least some color around where the restructuring is?
Heath Mitts: Scott, I think, you're right on in terms of that some of non-U.S. restructuring does have a longer cash on cash return in addition to the just the length of time to when you're taking factories offline, to -- from the point of initiation until you when you realize the savings. I think, it's fair to say, of that 375, there's a blend that on average its about three to four-year payback. So, that would kind of steer you towards a number of annualized savings as part of that and steer you towards jurisdictionally where all this activity is taking place.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: I was hoping you could got a little bit more into China region specifically, with the decline in orders that you saw there and the reversal compared to what youve been seen last quarter, is that all just macro and weakness or do you think any of this is due to the trade environment and potentially a more difficult region for U.S. companies to do business now? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: So, a couple of things. Certainly, the global trade environment, I think, just creates an overlay around economic conditions period. I don't think its only one or two countries, it impacts everything. So, I do think that has some impact on the slower economic conditions because places like Europe ships into China and so forth, and that impacts us in many places. And, Mark, back to the question that you had, when we were sitting here last quarter, we saw nice increase in our China business totally. Our orders went up, almost 10% going from our first quarter to second quarter, and it was primarily driven by transportation and it did revert back. I would say, in our industrial businesses, it has stayed steady at a constant rate. I wouldnt say, its accelerating, but its sideways. So, in those, our Industrial businesses, its staying steady. And it was flat year-over-year. But auto has been the bigger piece for us as that production has declined. I dont think when it comes to automotive and our position we have in automotive, I dont think it is impacted by our U.S. attachment. The other thing I would say, the places that I would say have gotten little bit weaker is around the communication equipment. Thats an area, and also in appliances and CS, weve been talking about that all year, theyve been environments where they have been slow. So, in the industrial space, its been more a stable and sideways. But really, the slowing we saw versus last quarter is really in our Transportation and Communications segments, not as much our Industrial space.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano from Cowen. Your line is open.
Joe Giordano: I know, its hard to do for you guys, but is there any way to kind of at least triangulate how much you think on the Communications jam-up on the supply side is due to like very specific temporary issues, that like Huawei and restrictions on certain entities?
Terrence Curtin: I would tell you, when we think about the supply side of that, I dont think channel has anything to do with that. Our channel business, large customers, we service directly. So, when you sit there, and the portfolio set in our Communications segment is a portfolio set that goes into a lot of different applications, not just high speed, and its why it does have a big part that goes to the channel. They are in both our appliance business and our D&D business. They are basic building blocks that can be used in a lot of different areas. So, when -- to try tie what's going on with the channel to telecom China, I think that would be a leap too far. We are also seeing it in Industrial -- our Industrial markets as well. Im sorry, Joe. 
Joe Giordano: Yes. So, obviously, its like an indirect route. I was just curious if there was any way to kind of like close that loop there.
Terrence Curtin: No. I mean, I think, the other thing that you have, I dont think you can close that loop there. There has been some slowness by certain other telecom equipment makers and certainly cloud spending, which was very strong growth last year, so growing that at a lower rate. There's lots of those other factors that I would also say impact that. But I wouldnt tie it completely back to Huawei.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: The headline China numbers are one story, but maybe electric vehicles little different story, I think its up about 50% year to date. Just wondering if that aligns with your thinking. Do you expect that penetration to accelerate? What are your learnings along that curve from your kind of specification cycles with the customers there?
Terrence Curtin: Certainly, while China auto production is down, electrical vehicle penetration, you're exactly right. If you look at it, if you take full electric plus any hybrid, it continues to accelerate, even though China car production is down. So, that is not changing. Certainly, it's growing, while overall production is down. And our design wins around those electric vehicles continue to be very strong. And let's face, it is something when we think about electric vehicles. Electric vehicles are going to be driven in the world by both, China and Asia, as well as the CO2 requirements that you have in Europe as well. So, when we think about electric vehicles, the place you need to be positioned and we are positioned very strongly is in Europe, it is in China, as well as in Japan. And what's really good is, we're positioned well with our customers. And the one thing that we always watch in slow markets is where is our project momentum, do we see project momentum slowing? We are not seeing any change in the number of projects we have with our customers in any of our businesses. And certainly, in the automotive space, there continues to be the march between electric vehicles and autonomous features by all our customers that serve those markets. So, we don't see any change in that. Certainly, the global production is impacted. That's more impacting combustion engines.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citigroup Investment. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. Youve been very clear on the automotive side, which is good, but the communications side, I have a few questions. And when we think about that, if my memory is correct, you're really not a smartphone supplier or component to smartphone. So, I assume this is more like on base stations, routers or switches, those type of bigger box figure devices. And with 5G buildout, I got a little surprised to see this type of slowdown. So, can you help us -- can we see an order build-up like last quarter and excess of end demand, or is it a trade war where people overstock, and now they're destocking or was it truly an end-market demand slowdown in the Communications segment? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Jim, twofold, and you're breaking up a little bit on yourself. So, first off, I would say, when you think about our Communications segments, there's a chunk of it, which is data and devices, and then there's another chunk that appliance. So, certainly, we need to look at, to your question at data and devices. You're right. We do not plan smartphones. So, our products go into base station equipment, goes into traditional switches, like you mentioned. And when you look at it, what we've seen is, we have seen some of the cloud spending not growing as fast as rate as it grew last year. So, when you are talking about something that grew 20%, 30% of spending and as grows 10, you will have adjustments in supply chain. I do think that is working through. On 5G, 5G, when you think about it, certainly were designed in. And China is granting licenses, and we're positioned very well there. But that is still early stages of how much does that contribute to TEs revenue. So, their typical growth drivers we're going to get the benefit from. So, those around cloud and 5G were in good shape. The other thing I would just say around our D&D and it goes back to the channel comment I made. Typically, our products in D&D are very much next to semiconductors and passives. I do think some of our partners and also other tier 1s in the supply chain probably got a little bit ahead of themselves, as you said, and they are correcting to get to more normalized to end demand. This is not a content or share element, its more of we're going to get hurt here a little bit with the inventory destocking but that will normalize. And I feel very good about where we're positioning cloud and 5G. But certainly we dont plan the cell phones.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Kelly from Jefferies. Your line is now open. 
David Kelly: I just have a quick follow-up on earlier comments on China vehicle inventory levels. If we were to see some hypothetical vehicle demand injection in China, can you talk about your ability to ramp back up to support production growth, given your presumably running leaner with ongoing cost actions? I think, clearly, no one is ready to call for rebound yet, but we're just trying to get a feel for it. There might be an operational lag and impact on short-term margins when production does ultimately rebound.
Terrence Curtin: Clearly, as we do the actions as Heath talked about, we are also being very-focused on how in those core areas that we keep production flexibility. And what we had was in some cases, we were playing catch-up as the volume was growing very strong, we talked about last year, we feel we have enough capacity if we do get a jump back in there. It might be a little bit of a lag but we feel very good with how not only what we do but also our extended supply chain can do. So, that is not something we worry about. And certainly, if it came back stronger than we thought, we would also have to look at how we time some of those restructuring actions that Heath talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. 
Deepa Raghavan: I think, its a question for you, how do we think about contribution margins, given that weakness in end markets will be offset by some of the cost actions? You seem to be taking new actions every few quarters now. What should we expect the average contribution margin to net out on the corporate average line, broadly, and how does it compare across segments like above, below, corporate average? I think that will help us reset some of our expectations. Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Well, thanks for the question, Deepa. Lets take a bigger view of this first, right? Weve seen demand tick down pretty considerably throughout the year on auto production. And Terrence said, it kind of settles in around 21 million vehicles a quarter, which is a run rate thats pretty significantly less than what weve been around prior years. That avails us the opportunity to get after some things on the cost structure for transportation, maybe in jurisdictions that we can better align with new locations, lower cost locations, and so forth, closer to where our customer supply chain exists. So, that's a real opportunity for us on that front. And then, Communications is the other area that we have, again, to do some restructuring in. As youll recall, Transportation for the first half of our fiscal year was running quite strong. We've seen, based on all the comments made earlier in this call, as that's ticked down, its pulled forward some things that we would have done maybe in future years anyway. And so, as we're starting to look at those types of actions, you'll start to see margin flow through. Our normal margin flow through is between 25% and 30%. I will tell you that when you see the types of numbers, specifically within Communications drop at that rate, it's going to take a little while to get back to those types of contribution margins I just mentioned, because you are still having to cover fixed costs and so forth. Having said that, I don't want to get too hung up on percentages here, because being CS being our smallest segment, we could be talking about a few million dollars can swing a percentage more dramatically than really the total -- what the real material impact is to TE. So, I think weve got to be careful with that. Now, Industrial is -- and we've talked pretty openly about Industrial being on a multiyear journey to come out of this, to work its way towards the high teens. I would tell you that we're probably a little ahead of plan than what we went into the year with. We went into the year assuming that our Industrial margins would be roughly flat while we execute on some footprint moves that have been announced, and we're actively working through. But the team has done a really good job of getting some of those savings out a little bit faster than planned, in addition to just kind of normal belt tightening. And so, I feel good about that. In terms of that, Id say, Industrial is still got -- still has a couple of years left of things, of activity that's doing based on the timing of footprint. And so, we're continuing on that on that journey, in terms of that. So, I mean, if you kind of back up from all of that, we're really using this opportunity in this part of the cycle to get out fixed costs. That's why weve lowered the overall restructuring, and come out of this when market demand does improve, well have a linear structure. And obviously, it's harder to do this when time -- when were in periods of higher growth. So, hopefully that answers your questions, but happy to take any follow-up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Your line is open. 
Steven Fox: I'd like to follow-up. I guess, the confusion I have in terms of all the charges you've taken, say over the even year -- last year or two, last five years, it is trying to discern tactical from strategic. You made a good case for why Industrial is strategic. But, in the case of some of these latest charges, how do we know that you're not sort of cutting into the bone a little bit too much as opposed to fat? And how do we see an end to sort of the charges, if demand stays sort of at these levels? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: I think, Steven, first of all, I think it's a fair question. And we have -- as the business has evolved, we have continued the journey on the footprint side of things. As you mentioned, I think Industrials pretty clear in terms of what we laid out here in the last 18 to 24 months and where we are in that journey. You've seen those in the numbers. Certainly, there's some tactical things that we will be doing within the CS business, but again, its the smaller segment. And I dont want to get too hung up on a margin rate there in terms of what the target is. Weve performed very well in that segment. But a couple of million dollars of can swing you from mid teens to low teens or the other direction to high teens. So, I want to be careful in terms of that. What we're doing on the Transportation side, it more mirrors what we're looking at from Industrial, which is taking advantage of this. These are locations that on a clean piece of paper we would probably not have in those jurisdictions anyway. So, this is more of a couple of year journey in terms of that process to get the operating footprint where it needs to be. Im not worried about cutting into the bone, and I say that because the long-term business model of all the trends that we enjoy, whether it's on the auto side with hybrid and electric or the overall factory automation side, with an industrial, and everything that -- all the great stuff thats going on in medical or aerospace and defense, there's nothing that were going into in terms of cutting that we dont have redundant capabilities or opportunities to move into existing locations. We're not having to go do a bunch of Greenfield to do this, and were not taken a lot of cost out of higher growth areas through a cycle, like places in Asia and so forth were we do expect, for instance hybrid and electric to be a more prominent piece there. So, as I look at it, Im not worried about cutting into that. I view this as more of an opportunity to get some things done that will be harder to do, if we are in a higher growth environment because in those cases you are just trying to keep up with customer demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust. Your line is now open. 
William Stein: If we think about the below seasonal trends that were seeing guided for in Q3 overall, I wonder if we could hear your take on the trends, if you were to allocate them to the direct business versus the channel. How much of the weakness in the channel -- how much of the direct business might have been much closer to seasonal, if we were to look at it carved up that way? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Let me talk directionally. So, couple of things. I highlighted our book to bill overall of the Company was 0.98, and our channel was 0.85. So, I do think channel has been a steeper impact and weve talked about it. But you do sit there, and there has been slowness, auto production slowness has nothing to do with channel. So, I think when we talk about how we frame the reduction in guidance, two-thirds was driven by Transportation and the slower China and certainly seasonal I do think thats normal that china would have weakened in the quarter were in. But the other one third is truly the channel; that 250 decline. So, its different by markets. But I would say, channel correction happens due to them adjusting to end markets that are happening. And clearly, theyre seeing some slowness. So, it is deeper in the channel. Certainly thats an impact we're going to have here, like I said, not only into quarter four but probably can go into early next year. But, certainly weve seen a slowness in our direct customers as well but not to the extent as channel. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our next comes from the line of Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thank you. I had another question on the Industrial Solutions segment, specifically, the strong growth that you're seeing in the military, aerospace, marine sector, which has been up double digits. What are the drivers there, Terrence? And what's the outlook? I know, we've heard some other suppliers that the defense and aerospace market continues to be strong. I know, there's also some distribution exposure there too. It doesn't sound like there's inventory issues there. And then, just on the margins, Heath, you did talk about the drivers of that really strong margin expansion year-over-year, but given -- and so I guess one question is, the mix of business, the stronger MIL-Arrow, is that a contributor to margins, or is it mostly the cost cutting actions that you talked about?
Terrence Curtin: So, let me take the first half, and I'll let Heath take second half. So, one of the things that we talked to you all about for a long time is how we position ourselves very well from our commercial aerospace, and certainly the content opportunity we have there. And we've laid that out for you both on defense [ph] and dual aisle, single aisles and also regional jet. And, while airframe production has been pretty steady and up a little bit, I think you're really seeing the benefit in the commercial aerospace side from this content momentum that we've had, very broadly across the industry. And it's really credit to our team. That's really long cycle. In addition, this year, we're getting the kicker about defense spend. And I think similarly, while defense -- and I think it's pretty obvious when you look at defense companies, they are in a good cycle. But, it's also an area that we do have a nice position, our position between commercial aerospace and defense is pretty balanced. And we're getting the benefit on both sides. And defense is also driven by government spending, and we're benefiting from that. But that is also a content play, as well. When you think about communications, you think about power distribution and all, the next generation hardware that's going on defense, we benefit from that as well. And that's a content play. So, those two are very important. To your point, Matt, part of that business does go through the channel that is not saying destocking. That is a market that's still staying good there. And, there's one of the things that's buffering in the Industrial segment, the slowness that we have due to the destocking in our Industrial Equipment business in the channel.  So, Ill let Heath talk about the margin side of it.
Heath Mitts: Yes. Matt, I appreciate the question. So, on the margin side, when I think about Industrial and when we're internally going through our processes, there's not a tremendous amount of mix that plays into it. There's certainly some pieces that have, a little bit better flow through in terms of particular product lines and so forth with any individual business unit. But, I think it's pretty well balanced in terms of we make a little bit more money in certain areas, a little bit less in others. But, it's not a wide swing there. In terms of, as you can imagine, obviously, I think part of your question was, the aerospace and defense. We're obviously -- when you're growing the type of organic numbers that we're seeing out of our aerospace and defense business, you expect nice flow through, and we are certainly seeing that. And the businesses is converting the revenue into profits nicely, as you would expect, and as they blow past some of their fixed cost base.  But there's other areas as well that are showing some resiliency on the margins, particularly our energy business as they have initiated and nearly concluded some facility restructuring. So, there's a lot of different moving parts there. Its a balance between where the growth is as well as some of the footprint consolidations. We had talked some earlier in the year about this being a year where theyre not going to be as much. I would say, we are little ahead of ourselves, as I mentioned earlier in the call. And we will still see some periods from time to time a quarter or two where you will see a jump down a little bit as you have duplicative costs meaning you are moving out of one facility into another and you might have duplicative cost for a period of a quarter or so during any particular facility rationalization. So, that will happen from time to time. But, we're very pleased with the progress that the team is doing and what their current outlook is as they move forward.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. And I would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning for our call. If you have any additional questions, please contact Investor relations at TE. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 10:30 am Eastern Time today, July 24, 2019 on the Investor Relations portion of the TE Connectivitys website. That will conclude your conference for today.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. And welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's second quarter results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts.  During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, were asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We're willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you Sujal and thank you everyone for joining us today to cover both our second quarter results and our increased outlook for 2019. And before I get into the slides, let me provide a quick summary of the key messages in today's call. And I want to start with the markets. Overall, the market environment is largely unchanged from our last earnings announcement that we did back in January where we conveyed a weaker market environment in China as well as slower global auto production environment. Based upon what we're seeing in our order patterns and customer discussions, were maintaining a view of the second half of our fiscal year that is consistent with what we said back in January.  Also despite this weaker market backdrop in some of our key markets, Im pleased with how we're successfully executing on our strategy and outperforming the markets in key areas due to the multiple leverage of our business model. And when you think about the growth side of it I do believe weve positioned TE to benefit from secular trends and we talked to you a lot about content growth. And as we go through our presentation today you're going to see that content growth is enabling us to partially buffer and outperform the weaker market environment and you're going to see this in automotive, commercial transportation, aerospace as well as our medical business.  The other key thing about our business model is we're also executing on non-growth levers that we highlighted related to margin as well as capital usage and this is very evident in our second quarter results.  Now this year we do expect to keep adjusted per share flat versus the prior year even with $400 million of currency translation headwind from sales and a declining auto production environment. As Ive talked about on our call 90 days ago we're defining success in 2019 from a financial perspective thats delivering adjusted earnings per share in the second half that is above our 2018 exit rate while absorbing the weaker market, and currency headwinds that we're dealing with and we believe our second quarter results demonstrate traction towards this goal and ensures were well set up for the future.  And finally I do want to stress we're also taking a long-term view towards creating value and expect to execute to the business model targets through this cycle. I think whats really good about TE is our strong cash flow generation model and that allows us to support sustainable organic growth that while enabling return capital to shareholders while also looking at bolt-on acquisitions, and these are all key levers in our value creation model.  So with that as a quick summary let's get into the slides and Ill get into Slide 3 and I will review the highlights in the second quarter. First of all, I am pleased with our execution in the second quarter with revenue at the high end of our guidance and adjusted earnings per share of $0.15 above the midpoint of our guidance. Our results continue to reflect improvement and the resiliency and the diversity of our portfolio. The outperformance in the quarter versus our guidance was driven by our Industrial and Communications segments while our Transportation segment was in line with our expectations.  Our sales were $3.4 billion, down 4% year-over-year on a reported basis and down 1% organically. Sales in the quarter included a headwind of approximately $150 million from currency translation. And by segment, in Transportation our sales were down 3% organically, which was in line with our guidance and that was driven by global auto production declines of 8% in the quarter. Our Industrial segment grew 5% organically which was ahead of our guidance driven by growth in commercial aerospace, defense as well as medical. And our Communications segment declined by 2% with weakness in Asia impacting both of our businesses in that segment while our revenue was better than we expected.  Turning to earnings, in the second quarter, we had operating margin of 17%, which is in line with our 2018 exit rate and up slightly sequentially. Our transportation margins were in line with our expectations and I do want to take a moment to reflect on a strong margin performance of our Industrial and Communications segment in the quarter. Those who have been with us a while know the reshaping that weve done in our portfolio in our Communications segment over the past number of years. Our focus was to get on higher growth, higher margin applications and we also had to do a lot of heavy lifting to drive improvements in our cost structure as well as our manufacturing footprint.  When you look at the strong second quarter adjusted operating margins of 18% in the Communication segment, they are direct result of our strategy and our teams execution. And to really put a fine point on this, back in 2019, this segment was a high single-digit margin business and over the past couple of years weve doubled the profitability of this segment based upon the strategic actions we took.  What's nice about it, youre also seeing it that we're applying some of that same heavy lifting in our Industrial segment that we teed up a couple of years ago when we mentioned to you that the segment was not earnings where we thought it was entitled and in the quarter the industrial operating margins expanded to 15.8%, reflecting revenue growth and benefit from the strategic actions that were taking and certainly were only partially way through that, and Heath will get in more details on that later.  Adjusted earnings per share of $1.42 exceeded the high end of our guidance, and again was driven by the strong operational execution I just mentioned in the Industrial and Communications. Our adjusted earnings per share includes a currency exchange headwind of $0.06 and adjusted EPS was flat year-over-year despite this currency headwind. Free cash flow was also a highlight of the quarter and it was $344 million, year-to-date our free cash flow was $413 million and is up approximately 45% versus the prior year due to the positive impact of working capital.  During the quarter, we returned $338 million to shareholders through buyback and dividends. And in this month we are pleased to announce that we signed a definitive agreement to acquire the Kissling Group, a provider of high voltage and power management solutions. This bolt-on acquisition further expands our portfolio for hybrid electric commercial vehicle applications and we do expect that this deal will close before the end of our fiscal year. Based upon our earnings momentum in quarter two, we are raising the midpoint of our guidance by $0.15 to take the total year up at midpoint of $5.60.  We're maintaining the midpoint of our sales guidance at $13.65 billion, reflecting a second half that is consistent with our prior view.  So with that as an overview of the quarter let's turn to Slide 4 and Ill get into our order trends.  For the second quarter, orders came in as we expected and support the second half guidance. Our book to bill was 1.01 and orders grew sequentially by 4% with growth across all segments versus prior quarter. And the one thing I want to highlight is while overall orders were as expected, there were some things we saw regionally that were different that we want to highlight. We did see an increase in orders sequentially in China by 9%, which we believe indicates stabilization in the markets we serve there while in Europe orders were down sequentially by 2% due to a softer end market across our business.  Turning the orders by segment. Transportation orders declined 4% year-over-year as expected, and we saw the similar trend sequentially that I just mentioned with stabilization in China, while having a slightly weaker Europe. In the Industrial segment orders grew 3% organically year-over-year driven by aerospace, defense and medical. And in Communications while orders were down year-over-year they did grow 9% sequentially, driven by both our businesses in this segment and China, data, devices and appliances.  So with that overview on orders, let's get into the segment details and I'll start with Slide 5 and we will start with Transportation. Overall for this segment sales were down 3% organically year-over-year. Our order sales were down 5% organically versus auto production declines of 8% in the quarter. Our outperformance versus auto production continues to be driven by content growth from secular trends around electric vehicle and increased autonomous features. For the year we continue to expect to outperform auto production by 4% to 6%, consistent with our content growth targets.  In Commercial Transportation we grew 2% organically in the quarter versus global market declines of 3% with outperformance versus the market, fueled by ongoing content and share gains. We saw growth in North America and Europe and this was offset by declines in Asia.  Our sensors business grew 1% organically year-over-year, with growth driven by industrial applications.  To highlight the design wins, we continue to increase our design win value across a broad spectrum of auto sensor technologies and applications and year-to-date we have $450 million in new design wins across transportation applications. For this segment adjusted operating margins were 17.5% and this was in line with our expectations. As we mentioned last quarter with the market pause we're seeing we are accelerating cost actions in this segment which will result to margin expansion in the second half.  With that let's turn over to Industrial and starts on Slide 6. Overall, the segment sales grew 5% organically year-over-year, this was above expectations, with growth being very strong in aerospace, defense, medical. In AD&M the business delivered a strong quarter of 13% organic growth, driven by program ramps in both commercial aerospace as well as a strengthening defense market. In Industrial Equipment, sales were up 1% organically and it was really a tale of two cities. Our medical business grew 12% but this was offset by mid single-digit declines in the broader industrial markets, certainly in factory automation. And lastly our energy business grew 4% on an organic basis driven by growth in North America.  The Industrial segment adjusted operating margins expanded 190 basis points over the prior year to 15.8% driven by strong operational execution by our team. We believe this performance shows our continued traction improving the profitability of this segment as weve laid out for you, while we do expect margins to decline slightly from the first half to second half due to costs associated with factory consolidation efforts. We remain ahead of our original expectations and do expect margin expansion for the full year compared to last year. Additionally our plans remain on track to expand adjusted operating margins in the high teens for this segment over time.  So please turn to Slide 7 and I will get into Communications Solutions. Communications sales declined 2% organically due to softness I mentioned earlier across Asia. It's important to remember that for this segment over half of its segment sales are in Asia region. In data and device, the sales were flat organically with growth in data center application being offset by broad product weakness across Asia. And our clients business was down 4% organically due to weakness in Europe and Asia, partially offset by growth in North America.  As I highlighted earlier adjusted operating margins were an exceptional 18% in the quarter and expanded 260 basis points year-over-year from strong operational execution. Now this margin performance is above our target levels and is a result of our strategy to focus on higher growth higher margin applications.  So with that Im going to turn it over to Heath, who will get in the financials and I'll come back and talk about guidance. 
Heath Mitts: Thank you Terrence and good morning everyone on the call. Please turn to Slide 8 where I will provide more details on the Q2 financials.  Adjusted operating income was $581 million with an adjusted operating margin of 17%. GAAP operating income was $530 million and include $42 million of restructuring and other charges and $9 million of acquisition charges. As we mentioned last quarter, we have broadened the scope of our cost initiatives across our business and are accelerating cost reduction in factory footprint consolidation plans. As a result, we are increasing our estimate of restructuring charges to $250 million for the full year. With these initiatives we expect to exit the year with a more nimble cost structure, which will help enable future margin expansion and earnings growth.  Adjusted EPS was a $1.42 exceeding the high-end of our guidance range and included $0.06 of headwind from currency. We were able to maintain flat adjusted EPS year-over-year despite the reduction of revenue which demonstrates our ability to execute on multiple levels to drive earnings performance.  GAAP EPS was $1.26 for the quarter and included restructuring and other charges of $0.09, tax related charges of $0.04 and acquisition related charges of $0.02.  The adjusted effective tax rate in Q2 was 15.4%. For the full year we expect the adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 17.5% to 18%. And versus the prior guide we have lowered our full-year expectations due to the expected jurisdictional mix of global income. We continue to expect our cash tax rate to be lower than the effective tax rate for the year.  As we continue to drive earnings growth in line with our business model, we are looking at all levers under our control. In Q2 interest expense decreased $13 million year-over-year. We have taken advantage of the global interest rates and increased percentage of our borrowings in foreign currencies. Looking ahead, we expect our quarterly interest expense to be in line with Q2 levels.  Now if I can get you to turn to Slide 9. Sales of $3.4 billion were down 4% year-over-year on a reported basis and down 1% organically. Currency translation negatively impacted sales by $154 million versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 17% driven by strong operational performance. We expect margin expansion in the second half of the year as we see the benefit of accelerated cost actions.  And as Terrence noted I'm pleased with the progress we are making to drive long-term improvements in our cost structure. This really sets us up for a more nimble structure as we move into 2020 and beyond.  In the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $555 million and up 53% year-on-year. Free cash flow $344 million with a $179 million of net capital expenditures. We returned $338 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. In the first half 2019 free cash flow was $413 million, an increase of 44% versus the first half of prior year.  We expect that our free cash flow will exceed the prior year even with the increased level of restructuring investment related to our cost initiatives.  Our balance sheet is healthy and we expect cash flow to remain strong which provides us the ability to support organic growth investments to drive long-term sustainable growth, while also allowing us to return capital to shareholders and to continue to pursue bolt-on acquisitions. Im now going to turn back over to Terrence to cover guidance before Q&A.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Heath. And as I get in the guidance, lets start with the third quarter on Slide 10, and a lot of this is going to build on the things we already highlighted. So based upon what we're seeing in the end markets and new order trends, third quarter revenues are expected to be $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion with adjusted earnings per share of $1.41 to $1.45. And at the midpoint this on sales -- this is reported and organic sales declines of 4% and 1% respectively, and the difference that you have between the reported and organic is the ongoing strength of the US dollar which we expect to have a headwind year-over-year from -- which is about $120 million in sales and $0.06 in EPS in the third quarter.  Similar to the second quarter, we expect to offset this headwind from an adjusted EPS perspective, and our adjusted EPS at the midpoint is slightly up over the prior year. By segment we expect Transportation Solutions be flat organically, and overall revenue is expected to be flat to down slightly versus a mid single-digit decline in global order production that is still going to be driven by weakness in China and Europe.  Our outperformance versus auto production again reinforces the positioning that we've done to benefit from content growth through the key secular trends in that market. In Industrial Solutions we expect to grow low single-digits organically with continued growth in aerospace, defense, and marine and medical applications and these are going to be offset partially by a weaker factory automation market that were seeing. And in Communications we expect to be down mid single-digits organically year-over-year but I think the important thing to note is sequentially we're going to continue to see that segment revenue improve over the second quarter levels.  So let's turn to Slide 11 and I will get into the full year guidance. As I mentioned earlier we're reiterating the midpoint of our revenue guidance in the range that were going out with as a range of $13.55 billion to $13.75 billion in revenue. This continues to represent flat sales organically and a reported sales decline of 2% due to the currency translation headwind that I mentioned earlier, the $400 million.  Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $5.55 per share to $5.65 per share, an increase of $0.15 at the midpoint from our prior view. Im very proud that we expect to keep adjusted earnings per share flat versus the prior year even with the $0.16 currency translation headwind and the declining auto production environment. So let me get into some color around our annual guidance for the segments. We expect Transportation Solutions to be flat organically. We expect auto sales to be roughly flat organically with auto production now expected to be down 5% in our fiscal year, which is at the weaker end of the range we indicated last quarter. Content gains will continue to enable outperformance versus the production environment. We continue to assume that global production units will remain fairly consistent at approximately 22 million vehicles per quarter through our fiscal year. So we had that in the second quarter, we expect 22 million units to be made in the third quarter and fourth quarter.  And lastly in Transportation we are expecting continued growth in sensors in both industrial and auto applications.  Turning to Industrial Solutions we expect sales to be up low single-digit organically with growth driven by aerospace, defense and medical applications. And in Communications we expect to be down low single-digits organically driven by the Asia market weakness thats affecting both of these businesses.  So before we turn it over to questions I just want to provide a quick summary of the call. First off, we remain committed to our long-term business model and youre continuing to see the positive impact of our diverse portfolio with our Industrial and Communications segments performing above the expectations in the quarter with strong operating margins as well as earning contributions. Secondly, the market environment we laid out 90 days ago is largely unchanged with our order partners indicating stability in China. And as I mentioned early, with the weaker market backdrop, we're successfully executing on the non-growth levers of our business model and have increased the midpoint of our earnings guidance.  We're maintaining flat adjusted earnings per share growth even with FX and auto production headwinds.  And finally as we indicated last quarter we anticipate to demonstrate earnings per share performance in the second half thats above our exit rate in fiscal 18. The levers we're pulling this year are expected to enable increased earnings and business model performance when market return to growth as Heath mentioned.  So before I close I do want to thank our employees across the world for their execution in the second quarter and also their continued commitment to our customers and a future that is safer, sustainable, productive and connected.  So with that Sujal let's open it up for questions. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you. Kale, can you please give the instructions for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from line of Scott Davis with Melius Research. Please go ahead. 
Scott Davis : I wanted to just dig a little bit into the industrial business because the margin performance there was well above what we had and I think spec of the envelop look like incremental margin is almost close to 70% here. And you use the word strong operational performance, but that can mean a lot of different things. So can you help us understand, I know the guide is for that not to necessarily continue at the same exact level, but can you help us understand at least what happened in the quarter that led to such big positive margin beat?
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Scott and thanks for the question. When I take a step back, when we started our journey in industrial a couple of years back, we certainly laid out a picture where we saw margins getting into the high teens. The one of the things that we talked about was we had to look at our footprint and do a lot of heavy lifting on the footprint. When you look at the performance in the quarter it really is not around the footprint moves, it is around getting some growth in the segment as well as other cost actions weve been taking as we're tightening up the business and I think one of the things thats nice is you're seeing the flow-through potential in these industrial markets. We are also going to get -- be able to get additional levers as some of the things that were doing on the footprint over the next couple of quarters even in the margin in the segment may come back a little bit but long-term to make sure we get further margin expansion going forward.  So during the quarter when you look at it, it was truly around getting some volume, also sort of the non-footprint flow-through going on and it is nice that you're seeing nice growth both in aerospace as well as medical which are two of the markets that are key from a content perspective. And we did it even with an industrial market that we did see in the factory automation side Scott, certainly in Europe and Asia a softer environment there. So we also did in an environment where not every business unit was humming. So it truly was outside the footprint actions and I think it shows the potential and the traction we have together it up when those footprint actions come into place as we execute it in the second half. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 
ShawnHarrison: What are you seeing in terms of inventory either at your direct customers or through distribution in terms of where you want that inventory to be and maybe how long it will take to get to kind of a normalized level?
Terrence Curtin: Shawn I appreciate thats in one question, thats about three questions in one question. But when you look inventory, one of the things weve talked about last quarter as we highlighted markets being a little bit slower with what we saw from our order trends and I mentioned it on the call, sequentially we saw orders increase about 4% and what was nice about that was you start to see orders increase in China up about 9% sequentially, which is a pretty good indicator inventory has normalized in China and I would also say if you look out to the end customers and core inventories for the automotive business itself, they have come down closer to a normalized level, they were elevated. So I would say in China it feels that process has worked through. Europe I would say we do see our inventories being a little bit ahead and certainly the order trends support that and specifically, if you go to auto, car inventories were a little bit elevated. So some of the softness we're seeing in Europe is not surprising. And from a distributor perspective, inventories are pretty much in line with where we would expect. So we arent seeing distributors having excess inventory, I do think that has worked through and I would also say our lead time are staying pretty steady as well. So they are typically attribute with the sequential orders in our lead times, I keep inventory checked. So I would say we're in the later parts maybe a little bit in Europe but overall feels inventory is at decent spot. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Glynn : I got a question about the debt restructuring, if thats the right way. It looks like your kind of weighted average cost of debt was approximately cut in half and probably done at the beginning of the second quarter. Can you just explain a little more of the mechanics of how that goes? 
Heath Mitts: Sure Chris, this is Heath. As you know the substantial part of our business is conducted outside the US and we have a fair amount of exposure in Europe and parts of Asia particularly in Japan. And so as weve monitored the situation and the spread of the interest rates being what they are, we did take advantage of series of cross currency swaps and take advantage of where the interest rates lie today. And it does set us up in a better position , it doesnt change anything with our maturity ladder related to when we have debt and future refinancing but it does take advantage of where those cash flows are generated in those regions and our ability to take advantage of that through a series of cross currency swaps. So as we look at it going forward the next few quarters for sure the interest expense should be very similar to the quarter we just reported and into the future and until we have to start refinancing into higher price debt. So it was very opportunistic chance for us to take advantage of where the interest rates lie. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Joe Giordano: So I wanted to ask about the auto restructuring that you guys announced here. So over the last couple of years you have to spend ton of money to bring that business up to handle the demand ramp that you guys have seen and the content ramp that you guys have seen. So talk to me about how you kind of ramp that down in an efficient way where you are not kind of undoing the things that you just spent money to do? 
Heath Mitts: Sure, Joe, this is Heath. You got to remember we're global auto supplier, right? So we're producing in regions where our customer supply chains are and the expansion that weve had to keep up with the demand particularly where we said and benefit from the content gains has been pretty tremendous and those investments have been in parts of the world where that are growing the fastest, mainly in parts of China, parts of Mexico and so forth where weve seen a lot of activity in terms of supply chain growth. So the restructuring activity that is going on is really what we're doing is we're taking advantage of a slower global auto production environment where we actually can take a pause for a moment in a couple of places that are less strategic to us in terms of proximity to supply chains, not impacting places where we have invested in heavily. So we're taking advantage of the opportunity because when things return to growth it gets more hectic and its a little bit tougher to move that manufacturing activity around. And its never a great time to do restructuring but we're going to take advantage of the low -- and the demand.  Having said that some of these restructurings particularly things outside the US can get a little more expensive and the paybacks get a little bit more elongated but we elected to get those done, over the next year or so we're going to take some of those charges in our FY19 and push through this activity over to the year and change.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Craig Hettenbach : A question for Terrence, thanks for the details on the order, design wins year-to-date. Just looking as you build that book of business, can you talk about why TEL was winning, how you stack up relative to encumbrance in the market and any synergies that you see in terms of having both kind of sensors and connectors as you go to win business?
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Craig and when you look at it as weve always mentioned to all of you, Measurement brought, when we did that acquisition and a couple of bolt-on we did afterward, take almost these technologies and I think when you take those synergies we have, it really is around our leading global automotive position and also our industrial transportation business which is a leading business and we have leading share and it gives us access to all global OEMs. Its one of the -- I think special things about our transportation business is our leadership positions balanced globally and we're with essentially every maker OEM. So the synergy that we really get as is automotive customers look at us as an automotive company and how do we bring our processes, our quality into scale things and thats what we're doing with these wins and its great that customer access that we have is the big synergy.  From a competition perspective the center space is very fragmented; its not just one company out there. And what's really nice is when we're coming with it, number of centers in the car continue to increase, so it does have a very nice secular trend with it, with all the things we're talking about whether its electric vehicle as well as autonomous features and we play in that physical network sort of bumper to bumper in the car.  But the other thing competitively is they are seeing offering both technology as well as our scale and being a trusted supplier its all coming together that is why we talk about while today we might have about $2 a content per vehicle in sensors with the pipeline of wins we're doing were seeing that well doubling up to $5 to $6 share per car in next five years and I think its with the fragmentation and the markets going to continue to be an opportunity area where we're going to continue to build on both organically and inorganically overtime. 
Operator: The next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Wamsi Mohan : Terrence if you look at the order revenues versus production, you still have 3 point outperformance. Can we view this as our cross-gap versus production given there was some inventory adjustment presumably in the quarter and if production is flat from here for the next few quarters but Europe is weaker, why do you expect content outperformance to sort of narrow the gap back to sort of mid single-digit level? 
Terrence Curtin: So a couple of things let me clarify, production being flat is really sequential production being flat, Wamsi, it wasnt year-over-year. We do expect in the third quarter as Ive said, production is going to down 5% mid single-digit and we also expect being down 5% for the year. So when you look at it year-to-date we basically have separation of about 500 basis points which is right square in the middle of our 4% to 6% content growth target weve always said. So we're sort of right in the middle of it and you will have inter-quarterly due to supply chain movement around it, so we always ask you to look at over multiple quarters and with what we're seeing with the program wins weve had in the electric vehicle and as well as feature launches we have, we do expect in a flat environment our auto sales are going to go up sequentially from here even as in a flat environmental due to some of those program launches. So I feel very good about the 4% to 6% I think youve seen it now for a number of years, you are seeing it in a negative production environment and I think its been pretty evident in the numbers we talked about. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead. 
Steven Fox : Just a question on Europe. Terrence you mentioned some incremental weakness there, I was wondering what the chances are that we continue to see further weakness there, how you factor that in for the guidance and its implications may be for some of the restructuring what you're doing over there? Thanks. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. We did bake in weakness so the overall environment was if you look at it macro way, the same as 90 days ago, but China got stronger, Europe got weaker and so we do plan that Europe goes incrementally weaker and actually why we're at the minus 5% in auto production versus the 4% to 5% last quarter is really due to Europe from a production yet little weaker. So I think we have appropriately dialed it in. To Heaths comments earlier around the restructuring, we're going to be making sure our supply chain is balanced to where it needs to be, we're taking advantage of the pause and most of the actions we're looking at would be outside of North America. So I do think theyre appropriately pointed to where we see the weakness. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Mark Delaney : Just a bit of follow-up on the commentary about the China macro situation that was spoken to in the prepared remarks. Maybe can you help us better frame the -- I think you said 9% sequential increase in China orders, how does that compare to normal seasonality in China and then any other commentary terms of what the customers are saying or trends by end markets that give you some confidence to talk about improved macro trends in China more broadly? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Well, I would say Mark just maybe start with how do you normally sequentially see China, normally the December quarter in China for us is our strongest due to thats typically a strong production environment. That being said certainly we did not see that. So we're seeing more stability and what we actually saw where we would typically see the December to March quarter have a decline in orders, it actually increased. We saw increases in our Transportation segment as well as our Communications segments both in double-digit. That being said we also do see the inventory levels around cars improving and the other thing that I think is pretty important around China as we talked about is electric vehicles. While Chinas production is going to be down double-digit year-over-year, electric vehicle momentum in China really has not changed and whats great and how weve positioned ourselves is, we think this year we got about 50% growth in China electric vehicle between hybrid and electrical electric vehicles going on in China, approaching close to 2 million units versus being about 1.2 million last year and really where weve invested to make sure we take advantage of that electric vehicle trend, we're arent seeing slow down in that category of vehicle at all in China. So I think where were positioned is certainly where we pointed as well as the order trends and what we're hearing from our customers, we do -- we have a feel of stabilization and improvement in China. 
Operator: Next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
William Stein : The acquisition that you mentioned, Im hoping you can provide some details as to the applications, profitability, size growth, any characteristic that would really help? Thank you. 
Terrence Curtin: First off, let's talk about -- it's the Kissling Group I said it during our pre-remarks. And what we're excited about with it and getting to some of it is, this actually, this business plays very close into industrial transportation applications. And what we look at coming into our industrial transportation, you all know how strong our position is there, provides good opportunity for synergy as we bring it into that unit. The other thing, if you were at our Investor Day, we did talk about some applications around where do we see electrification in commercial vehicles, which is really where this is primarily going to help us. And when you look at it, it really builds on our product technology that we already have through some of our relay and contactor technology that we bring to automotive electric vehicles. But in a commercial vehicle and certainly heavy truck, where you bring it in, you have to get the voltage rates at a much higher than a traditional automotive electric engine. And what's really nice of what Kissling does, it gets us up to 1000-volt technology, which is important in those obligations. And I feel very good it's going to tuck in and our team is going to do a nice job with it. And you see what they're doing on the content already. From the sizing, it is a bolt-on. It's about $50 million in revenue, good profitability. And it really tucks in with our strategy on how we think about bolt-ons. And I think I said in the script, we expect it's going to close later in our fiscal year and it will be more something that will benefit 2020 and beyond in 2019.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Kelly with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Kelly : Thanks for taking my -- and maybe a follow-up on the previous China electric vehicle discussion. If we start to see that overall auto market stabilize, do think that is more concentrated in higher contented vehicles, whether it be electric vehicles or active safety enabled cars that require incremental sensor and connectivity content? And do you think that maybe drives a further improvement in your content outgrow story in the near term?
Terrence Curtin: A couple of things, I mean. Do you want to frame? China market is a big market overall, and still you're probably looking at electric vehicle still being slightly below 10% of that market. Anytime you have that electric vehicle, that does help us from a content perspective. So, you're going to have that content trends. I don't think it's going to be concentrated near term in electric vehicles. I think you have to play in all technologies, and I think it's where we position ourselves very well that we can make the best, as you have to support combustion engines, hybrids, as well as full electric. And I think we're going to drive increased content from all of them. The other thing is, certainly, as you said, autonomous features. Certainly, there's a whole stepping stone you have to go through an autonomous features that need to get added before you even get near full autonomy. And that's going to also continue to benefit us. But it's those two together that give us so much confidence when we say 4% to 6% above production. So if the market is flat, we view we're going to grow 4% to 6% above market with a mid-single-digit growth, whether it's in China or anywhere in the world. And so it's two big secular trends that you mentioned are so important for us. And that's why we made the bets to make sure where we have the leading position, we are going to capitalize on it.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva : You announced the additional restructuring, which appears from the press release to be focused on the transportation segment, yet that is one of your more profitable segments in the past. You talked about how you're doing so well there. So, what's changed or really different that causes you to do restructuring in this segment, which appears to be doing quite well, when it looks like these different areas of pockets and strength you have footprints there? So, we're just trying to figure out about what's really changed to how the need for incremental restructuring in automotive? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Jim, this is Heath. Thanks for the question. It really is the global footprint that we have. And as the supply chains for our customers have shifted over time, we need to make sure that we're always staying close to them and there are a couple of locations outside the US that are handful of locations, that I would say we have the opportunity in a slower environment to continue to own that model. In terms of what's changed relative to the profile, obviously, some of the margins there, we're running currently at our transportation margin, below our target margin there. And with negative auto production that puts pressure in addition to some of the other cost activities that we're working through in the segment. And so obviously, in a time when we have the opportunity to deal with the capacity, that's not being taken up by the higher global auto production, it's the right time for us to dig into that and to further optimize that. And what it really does is, it lowers our fixed cost structure within that business, which allows us when we return to more times of better organic growth, really allows us to seek better incremental margins and flow-through.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Leiker with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink : It certainly hasn't been a consistent message from the electronic supply chain regarding things like distributor lead times or inventory levels. And so your comments stand out and are certainly on the stronger end of what we've been hearing. Do you think when you step back and look at your business relative to the industry, we might be seeing bigger market share gains or maybe the fact that TE skews toward higher contented applications and maybe that's the reason for the outperformance relative to some of your peers?
Terrence Curtin: When I think about your question, I do think -- I don't know what peers you're looking at. Certainly, there are some categories in passives and so forth, which are product categories we don't play. That still have lead time challenges. And certainly, there are semi elements that with semi category you are in, we don't compete against those. I don't view them as competitors. I view our business model and that's why we talk about being industrial tech. We get the benefit of content, but we also do have different levers in some of those others that I would view are little bit more secular than us even though we may have some of the inventory supply chain affects. So net-net, I do believe we've positioned ourselves around secular trends. And like I said, I do feel that the content we positioned ourselves around and the hard work we've done in our portfolio and where we're making our organic bets have allowed us to buffer some weaker market. And then also in the non-growth levers you're seeing what we are doing to make sure we maintain earnings and what is auto, is a big business for us, is a negative environment. So, I can't compare to the peer you're comparing to. But I do think what you're seeing in this quarter and also our guide shows how we've improved this portfolio and also how we use our levers to make sure when it does get a little slower, we can maintain earnings and also work on some of the margin areas that we've highlighted for you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead,
Deepa Raghavan : I had a margin question across your segment. So, what's the transportation segment margin in Q2? Was that -- was that what you were expecting or was it below your plan? And if you can comment on just given the restructuring and so should we expect a pause to your 20% plus minus target? Or how soon do we get there, back up there? Conversely, how sustainable is this industrial and commercial segment margin story? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Deepa. And I appreciate the questions. Certainly, I would say this, we went into the quarter, the TS margin we ended up with was right in line with what we expected going into the quarter. We were a little bit -- the communication and the industrial margins were little bit better than what we expected. And that's reflected in 17% margin, which was higher than what we had gone into the quarter expecting to come out of it. If you break these margins down into pieces, right, Terrence talked in his prepared remarks about some of the activities that have been going on in CS relative to getting the footprint right into that business. And it's -- we're very pleased with where the CS margins have ended up at this point in the journey. I would say it's -- being the smallest of the three segments, it's going to have -- probably have a little bit more volatility because there is a little bit of lot of smaller numbers and maybe 18% is on the high side of our expectations. But certainly in the mid and at times high teens is a good place for our communication margin business and very high returns on that because it's not a terribly capital-intensive piece of our business. So, very pleased with where we are in CS. And for the most part, most of the restructuring activity is behind us. As we think about industrial, right, we've been pretty forthright in terms of our journey on the industrial margins to increase from just a couple of years ago north of 300 basis points moving forward. And we're certainly well on that journey. We're up a couple 100 basis points from where we were just a few years ago. And that is part of the activity that you'll continue to see as we step forward from '19 to '20 and from '20 to '21. And those activities are well under way as that journey for getting industrial to consistently be at mid to high margins, and we're a little bit ahead of pace on that relative to what our original FY '19 expectations are. For TS -- listen, TS has grown so quickly over the last few years that we have put some money into the business to help it grow. I would say that some of that has had an impact on the margins. And as we've seen auto production moving to recessionary condition that it's in today globally, but that obviously puts additional pressure on our production environment and allows us an opportunity to take advantage of this low and put some restructuring activity to work, as I've mentioned on some of the prior questions. In terms of what the margins going to be going forward, we'll exit the year at a much higher rate than we're at now. I don't anticipate us to be in a 20% number, but I do anticipate the journey back toward that 20% is well under way. The second half margins for transportation will be higher than in the first half of the year. And some of that is due to some of the restructuring that we've already completed.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin : Just a quick question, Terrence, on the commercial transportation segment within transportation. You had obviously very strong growth the last couple years. It's been soft, but seems to be holding up better than the automotive segment. So, could you just talk about puts and takes in that business? What your outlook there? I know there is a big content story. There is also an EV story there. But could you just talk about that?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, certainly. And thanks, Matt, for asking about it. When we look at ICT, what we call ICT, industrial and commercial transportation, that's construction, that's ag, that's Class A trucks and certainly almost everything that has four wheels that isn't a car. And one of the things, I think that's been very nice, we capitalized on strong markets in the past couple of years and those strong markets were really driven by China. This year, we have seen China decline and we think it's probably declined about 6%. But North America, we do expect the markets, they are up slightly. And what's really good is that we are growing and you are seeing the separation. And I would say five years ago, we would not have expected separation and it's really about the content momentum our team has done. Certainly, we've got into deeper penetration into China with our technologies. Electric vehicles in heavy trucks are certainly earlier, I mean later in the process than cars. But it's also around the autonomy that happens in a commercial vehicle, also drives a lot more content in a commercial vehicle. So, we're getting driven in the Powertrain, certainly as you have fuel emissions, there is always in the space. But then also, as you're getting the autonomous features, cameras are being added to trucks, agricultural equipment, that's creating data flow on the commercial vehicle, that's driving content and our team is doing a really nice job globally. So net-net, the content growth separation is similar to what we see in automotive and in that 4% to 6%. And I'm proud of what the team is accomplishing. It will be great as we bring Kissling into what the team has been doing in that market.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of William Stein with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein : I wanted to take a minute to talk about the medical end market. It's not one we hear about too often. A couple of acquisitions a few years ago that were a little bit surprising. But from a sort of market position and perhaps even pricing perspective, but they are doing well now. Can you remind us what the exposure is? I know you have catheters even -- and can you just remind us a little bit about what that business is, how big it is and what the growth looks like today? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, certainly. It's in our industrial segment, Bill, and it is part of our industrial business unit and market that we disclosed. And it is about $700 million roughly annually what we do in industrial. And when you look at that $700 million, about $500 million of our medical business is completely focused around interventional applications. So, that can be things around heart, catheter going to the heart, also some -- some of that also going to the brain. And it really leverages our capabilities around what we do from a fine wire. Also the very special things that we do around packaging and mechanical applications, that isn't throughout TE. And what you saw in the quarter, you saw -- when we went into that business, it was an element to diversify our growth based upon capabilities we had. We did do Creganna, and we've done some small bolt-ons after that. But it is something when you look at the minimally invasive procedures, they're helping the outcomes getting to more cost-effective outcomes than traditional procedures and the 12% percent growth shows how we penetrated the major OEMs and our global position is very strong. So, we always say, we do expect that business to grow high single-digit and certainly, we are about this quarter with the program momentum we have. And I think similar to sensors, there's still a lot more opportunity as we continue to increase our penetration in the applications we are in today as well as other applications where we can bring our capabilities and drive synergy.
Sujal Shah : Okay. Thank you. Looks like we have no further questions. I appreciate all of you joining us on our call this morning. And if you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today through Wednesday May 1, 2019. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 464389. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code 464389. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-01-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's first quarter results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Note that all remarks on today's call will reflect TE continuing operations. We completed the sale of our SubCom business during our first quarter and it is reflected as discontinued operations and not included in our results or guidance. Finally, due to the increasing number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, were asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We're willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence, for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Sujal and thank you everyone for joining us today to cover our first quarter results and our revised outlook for 2019. Before I get into the slides, Im going to provide an overview of the key messages in today's call. First off, I am very pleased with our results in our first quarter. We delivered revenue, the midpoint of our guidance and adjusted earnings per share at the high end of our guidance range in a market that continued to soften through the quarter. Our results reflected resiliency, as well as the diversity of our portfolio, with our Industrial and Communications segments, offsetting lower than expected sales and transportation. And while our quarter one results demonstrated solid execution, softer market conditions are resulting in us having to reduce our outlook for the rest of our fiscal year. I want to stress that the change in our guidance versus our prior view is entirely due to market softness that we're experiencing and if you look at this change by region, it is primarily driven by China, along with a slower global auto production environment than we anticipated 90 days ago. We continue to be focused on content growth outperform these slower markets, while we execute on other non-growth levers in our business model to drive improvements and profitability as we'll move through this year. And with this on the backdrop, let me tell you how were thinking about financial success in 2019. As I just mentioned, we have a portfolio with content growth opportunities that will allow us to outgrow, as well as partially buffer the weaker market conditions we're seeing. We remain committed to our long term business model, well pull the non-growth levers to improve margin and EPS, while ensuring we invest in long term opportunities to drive future content growth. When we look at earnings power, we expect to demonstrate earnings per share performance in the second half of 2019 that is above our exit rate in fiscal 2018, while absorbing the FX headwinds we're experiencing and that we'll talk about in the call. And finally we believe this huge success will position the company to be backed the business model performance which we've demonstrated over the past two years when markets return to growth. So with that as a backdrop let me get in the slide and I'll get into more details and highlight the quarter on Slide 3. Sales during the first quarter were $3.35 billion which was flat year-over-year on a reported basis and up 2% organically, driven by 5% growth in both our Industrial and Communication segments. In Transportation, our sales were flat organically with a slight decline in auto revenue being offset by growth in commercial, transportation and sensors. Global auto production was down 7% in the first quarter, well below our guidance expectations. In auto, our sales were down only 1% on an organic basis compared to that 7% decline in production. And it demonstrates the resiliency of content growth in our auto business even on a top production environment. In the quarter we delivered 16.9% adjusted operating margins. Our revenue was down over $160 million sequentially as expected and I'm pleased that we could maintain operating margins that were essentially flat from our 2018 exit rate on a much lower sales volume. Adjusted earnings per share was a $1.29 in the quarter which was at a high end of the guidance. From a free cash flow perspective, during the quarter we generated $69 million, which was in line with our expectations in similar to quarter one of last year and we returned $645 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. Now, let me turn from the first quarter and talk about our revised outlook. Back in October when we issued guidance for the year, we highlighted that we were entering a slower market environment. During the first quarter, our order trends were below our expectations with weaker global oil production, and lower order levels in China in our Transportation and Communication segments. Our overall orders in the first quarter were down 4% sequentially and on a year-over-year basis total orders were down 6% with China orders declining over 20%. Based upon these trends, we now expect fiscal year sales at the midpoint of $13.65 billion versus our prior guidance of $14.1 billion. Versus our prior view, this is a change of $450 million at the midpoint in revenue. This reduction is primarily driven by China with some weakness in European auto as well. If you look at the change by segment, approximately two-thirds of the reduction is in transportation with the remaining primarily in communications as both transportation and communications are being impacted by the weakness in China. In our Transportation segment, we are now assuming that global auto production will decline 4% to 5% in our fiscal year compared to our prior outlook of flat production in our fiscal year. Our expectation for the industrial segment are consistent with our prior view with the ongoing strength that we're experiencing in the end markets specifically commercial, air, defense as well as medical. With this revised sales outlook, we are adjusting our earnings per share is now expected to be $5.45 at the midpoint, and this is a reduction of $0.25 from our prior view. This change in our EPS guidance is entirely driven by the market change and the headwind on currency exchange effects that we highlighted last quarter remains essentially unchanged at $375 million in sales and $0.16 on EPS. So if you could please turn to Slide 4, let's look at order trends. On this chart, you can find the details. But I want to highlight what has changed over the past 90 days. As I mentioned earlier, orders were below our expectations. When we got it 90 days ago, we were expecting that our orders in quarter 1 would be similar to our quarter 4 levels at $3.5 billion. But instead, orders declined sequentially by 4% and our book-to-bill in the quarter remained at 0.99. On a year-over-year basis, organic orders were down 4% driven by declines in China of 22%, as well declines in Europe of 6% partially offset by growth in North America of 7%. By segment, you can see on the slide we continue to see strong industrial orders that continue to support our growth outlook that is consistent with our prior view. However, as you can see in transportation and communications, you can see the weakness weve experienced in orders which relate primarily to China and that's impacting our outlook. So let me get into things by segment and if you could turn to Slide 5 I will start with transportation. Transportation sales were flat organically year-over-year. Our auto sales were down 1% organically versus auto production declines of 7% in our first fiscal quarter, and this was well below our production assumption that we expected when we guided. We did see growth in the Americans which was offset by lower sales in China and Europe. China auto production was especially weak and it declined 15% year-over-year much worse than we expected. Even in this weaker environment, the 7% decline in auto production our results driven forcibly outperform auto production. In commercial transportation, we have been expecting growth to moderate from the strengths we've had in the prior years. During the quarter we grew 2% organically versus markets that declined 7% driven by China, and our growth in this area also continues to be driven by content and share gains. In our sensors business we grew 4% organically year-over-year with growth driven by industrial applications, and in auto sensors we continue to increase our design win value across a broad spectrum of sensor technologies and applications. Adjusted operating margins for the segment were 17.9%, this was essentially flat sequentially as we expected. In 2018 as we discussed with you, we increased investments to support strong pipeline and new design wins including those in electric vehicle and autonomous driving applications. With production falling considerably both in China as well as in Europe, we are continuing to balance near-term margin performance with long term growth opportunities and while we're running currently below our target margin levels in this segment, we expect that cost actions that we will be taking to enable our margins back to the target levels. Let me turn over to industrial solutions and that's on Slide 6. Industrial segment sales grew 5% organically year-over-year as expected with growth across aerospace, defense, as well in our energy business. Aerospace, defense and marine business delivered strong 13% organic growth with double-digit growth across each of its businesses. In commercial aerospace, growth was driven by content expansion and share gains and the ramp of new platforms and in defense over the past year, we've seen nice growth here being driven by favorable market, as well as some new product cycles. In industrial equipment, our sales were down 1% organically with strength in medical offset by the expected deceleration in factory automation. And lastly, our energy business grew 6% on an organic basis driven by growth in North America. Adjusted operating margins for the segments expanded 60 basis points to 14.9% and was in line with our expectation. Our plans continue to remain on track to optimize our factory footprint in the industrial segment to expand the adjusted operating margins to the high teens over time. So please turn to Slide 7 and Ill get into our Communications segment. Communications grew 5% organically as expected with strong growth in data devices being partially offset by appliances. Data and devices grew 9% organically with growth being driven by high-speed connectivity and data center applications. Our appliance business was down 2% organically due to weakness across Asia, partially offset by growth in North America. Adjusted operating margin for the segment was 16.4% in line with our expectations. Before I get into guidance in more detail, I'm going to turn it over to Heath to get into more details on the financials in the first quarter.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where Ill provide more details on the Q1 financials. Adjusted operating income was $565 million with an adjusted operating margin of 16.9%. GAAP operating income was $484 million and included $75 million of restructuring and other charges, and $6 million of acquisition charges. As a result of market weakness, we are broadening the scope of our cost initiatives across our business and accelerating cost reduction and factory footprint consolidation plans. You should expect us to aggressively pursue incremental restructuring to reduce our fixed cost structure, while balancing the investment opportunities which enable future growth. And we're confident that with these initiatives, we expect to exit the year with a more nimble cost structure, which will enable future margin expansion and earnings growth. We're currently working through these restructuring options and we'll update our estimates as the year progresses. Adjusted EPS was a $1.29 at the high end of our guidance range and included $0.05 of headwinds from currency and tax rates. GAAP EPS was a $0.11 for the quarter and included restructuring and other charges of $0.16 and acquisition related charges of $0.01. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q1 was 18.1%. And looking ahead, we do expect a slight decline in our tax rate in Q2, for the year, we expect the full-year adjusted effective tax rate to be in the 18% to 19% range. Now if you turn to Slide 9, sales of $3.35 billion were flat year-over-year on a reported basis and up 2% organically. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $73 million versus the prior year. We expect the full-year impact of currency exchange rates to be $375 million which is consistent with our prior view. Adjusted operating margins were flat sequentially as expected at 16.9%. And as Terrence mentioned earlier, I'm pleased that we could hold operating margins flat in the fourth quarter with over $160 million of sequential revenue decline. We do expect Q2 margins to modestly drop from Q1 levels as we adjust our operations to the lower outlook. In the quarter, cash for continuing operations was $328 million, that's up 16% year-over-year and free cash flows nearly $70 million, which is in line with our typical seasonality with $209 million of net CapEx. Also we returned $645 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. And of course this includes the return of proceeds from the sale of our SubCom business that we completed last quarter. As Ive told you in the past, our balance sheet is healthy and we expect cash flow to be strong, which provides us the ability to provide organic growth investments to drive long-term sustainable growth also allowing us to return capital to shareholders and still pursue bolt-on acquisitions. With that, I will turn the call back over to Terence to cover guidance.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Heath. And let me start with the second quarter on Slide 10, build on some of the things he said. With the slower market conditions we're experiencing, we do expect quarter two revenues and adjusted earnings per share to be roughly flat with quarter one, certainly building on the orders chart I talked about earlier. Second quarter revenue is expected to be $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion with adjusted earnings per share of a $1.25 to a $1.29 for the quarter. At the midpoint, this represents year-on-year reported and organic sales declines of 6% and 2% respectively. Given the ongoing strength of the U.S. dollar, we do expect year-over-year currency exchange headwinds of approximately a $155 million on the top line and $0.06 to EPS in the second quarter. By segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to be down low single-digits organically. Auto revenue is expected to be down mid-digits organically versus a global decline in auto production of 9%, driven by weakness in both China and Europe. Once again, our top line will outperform versus auto production as it shows the benefit we derive from content. Industrial solutions is expected to grow low-single digits organically with growth in AD and then the medical applications being partially offset by softness in factory automation applications. And we expect a communication segment to be down mid-single digits organically driven by Asia. If you could please turn to the Slide 11 and I'll get into more details on the full year guidance for fiscal 2019. Building on my earlier comments around market and order trends, we expect full year revenue of $13.45 billion to $13.85 billion. This represents flat sales organically and reported sales decline of 2% due to foreign currency exchange headwinds of $375 million. And as I said before this headwind is consistent with our prior view. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $5.35 to $5.55 per share. This guide includes a $0.25 negative impact from both currency exchange rates as well as tax. Excluding these headwinds, adjusted earnings per share would be growing low-single digits at midpoint and a flat organic sales top line. Now let me get some color on our segments for the full-year. We expect our Transportation Solution segment to be flat organically. We also expect auto sales to be flat organically with content growth enabling outperformance to offset 45% decline in global auto production. When we look at global auto production to be now 45%, we expect auto production in China to be down 10% in our fiscal year, Europe to be down mid-single digits, and North America to remain roughly flat. And when you think about, this is reflects our assumption that global production and units will remain around quarter one production levels which was around 22 million vehicles per quarter throughout our fiscal year. We are also expecting continued growth in sensors in both industrial and auto applications driven by the ramp of the new auto design wins that we've talked to you about. In Industrial Solutions, our outlook is unchanged from our prior view. We expect sales to be up low single-digit organically with growth driven by aerospace, defense and medical applications, and clearly our 6% order growth in the first quarter support is unchanged the outlook. In Communications, we expect to be down low single-digits organically, driven by Asia markets in both data and devices, as well as an appliance. So, as before we go to questions, let me just summarize some of the key takeaways and I'll reiterate some of the things I said at the front end. In the first quarter, you saw the positive impact of our diverse portfolio with revenue and EPS in line with guidance in quarter one, despite a soft marketing from our kind of motorman. Ill revise 2019 guidance is driven entirely by weaker markets. This is primarily driven by China with some weakness in European auto as well and by segment, approximately two-thirds of the reduction is in Transportation with the remaining in Communications. We also remain committed to our long term business model and we're going to be pulling the non-growth levers to respond to market conditions. When we have seen weaker markets in the past, we have taken advantage of the opportunity to aggressively go after cost reduction and consolidation activities, and we plan to follow the same approach and emerge with increased earning powers when markets return to growth. And as I stated upfront, we expect to demonstrate earnings per share performance in our second half that is above our exit rate in fiscal 2018 even with our revised sales outlook. We are focused on ensuring the company will be back to business model performance when markets return to growth. And lastly, before I close, I do want to thank our employees across the world for their execution in the first quarter, and also their continued commitment not only to TE, but also our customers and a future that is safer, sustainable, productive and connected. So with that, Sujal, lets open now for questions.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Terrence. Craig, could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Kelley from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Kelley: Just a quick one on Transportation Solutions in autos. I guess if we look at your global vehicle production assumption for the full year, as you sit down 4 to 5, it seems like its in line where I think both - most are expecting given the recent downturn in China and maybe your September fiscal year-end. How should we think about the regional cadence, you're building into the back half of the year? And then I guess more importantly, the softer macro in anyway changed your customers' approach to electrification and connectivity and the related orders you're seeing there?
Terrence Curtin : So, let's take it - Ill start with the second piece and then I'll get into the regional if that's okay. Thanks for your question, David. First of all when it comes to electrification and autonomy or connected vehicle, I would tell you that nothing has changed. The amount of car rates that we have and it's one of the things we will balance to the softer environment to make sure we capitalize on those trends and you also see the benefit of those trends even in our first quarter, where our sales were down in a much worse production environment. And I think you're going to continue to see that content growth even in this weaker period where we outperformed production. Now when you think about your first part of your question, so let me go back a little bit and talk about auto. Clearly production is slower than we expected. When we started the year and we guided 90 days ago, we guided to what we thought was going to be a flat environment. We thought relatively flat in Asia, relatively flat in North America and slightly down in Europe. Clearly car sales in China were very weak in the first quarter, production adjusted in and we're also seeing production been adjusted here for the rest of the year. So, when we look at it, we do expect China production to be down 10% this year, European auto to be slightly worse than our prior guidance going to more mid-single digit down versus slightly down that we set the core, and North America staying where it is. Actually when you think about how we see that going throughout the year, were actually seeing and expecting from what we hear from our customers production is going to be more constant throughout the year than you normally would see. So with this week first quarter around 22 million units, we do expect that production is going to stay around 22 million units per quarter in our fiscal year plus or minus a little bit. So one thing I do want to stress and you mentioned in your comment anything we talk about auto production is on our fiscal year basis, which is very different than how others talk about which is more calendar basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Terrence, really says that even in a 5% production decline environment, you're actually able to show auto revenues flat organically. Your fiscal 2019 guide obviously implies a 4 to 5 point like content growth over here. So can you just talk about what you're seeing within the pipeline that suggests that customers might not be mixing down or is this actually assuming that customers do mix down and that's why the content is 4% to 5%? And just to clarify, Heath can you just talk about the magnitude of that restructuring charge that you are taking and maybe which areas of the segment that will impact because you are already doing some restructuring on industrial and I'm assuming this was incremental to that, so if you could clarify that'd be helpful? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Wamsi, thanks for the question and let me take the first half. Number one is let's go back to how we talk about content growth and how weve talked to you about and how do we think about it. And it has been in a 4% to 6% content range. And over the past couple of years, we've had a constructive production environment. You saw us actually overachieved that 4% to 6%over the past couple of years. And that also, youll see a little bit of supply chain effect, take that up in a growth environment. When we look at it, you're exactly right. We're still towards the lower end of our content range this year. There will be a little bit of supply chain effect, as well as lower value vehicles but that's included in our guide, and that's why you see it more towards the lower end of the content growth. I would say on a quarter-by-quarter basis, as supply chains adjust to a slower environment, you may see some separation that ounces around a little bit like we've always told you, but long term, the 4% to 6% and what we see the trends going and I think all of us who purchase new vehicles, you see the content around autonomy see, certainly the electric vehicle continues to pick up, no matter and it's also new product cycles and launches. And those launches typically happen later in our year, and due to product cycles don't typically hit early in our fiscal year, they typically hit later in the year and there, assume that our guidance as well. So with that, Ill turn over to Heath.
Heath Mitts: Wamsi, its a good question on restructuring. As you mentioned, we had already had some assumptions in with our prior guidance and consistent with what we had talked publicly about over the last year and a half or so, which is some of the footprint consolidation opportunities within our industrial segment. We are broadening that as I mentioned in the opening comments, across portions of the rest of the other two segments, part of that is volume driven and part of it is taking advantage in this weaker revenue environment, opportunities to get after some things that we may not have been able to do, where capacity would have stood otherwise. So in addition to Industrial, it hasnt broadened. And then the other thing to think about, we did sell the SubCom business and closed on that last quarter. And when you remove $700 million of revenue out of your P&L which is roughly what SubCom represented to the corporation, we do have some stranded costs in the middle of the P&L and operating expenses that you will expect us to tackle and we are going after those as well. In terms of quantifying it, we're still in the process of several of these initiatives. We're not in the point now, where I will want to dwell with the number but certainly as the quarter progresses and we get this call back together in about 90 days, we'll give you an update in terms of both the magnitude of charge over and above what we guided, and what you should expect from a savings profile from now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Just had a question about how much you think you've been able to ring fence or de-risk expectations here. Does it feel like kind of stable at a weaker run rate or market is still kind of searching for what the lower levels might look like?
Terrence Curtin: No. Chris, I would tell you, you know order rates are staying right around this one book-to-bill. So, I would say other than China which was meaningfully weaker in our first quarter, it does feel, it's stable at a lower rate. And if you think about our guide change, we needed to step up and we sort of expected orders to stay around that $3.5 billion in our first quarter, and a little bit softer than due to China. So, we're looking at our order rate even in early January, does feel stable at a lower rate. Certainly, we're continuing to watch it. And we need to focus on clearly what we can control that Heath talk about. So, and it's very - it is mixed, you see only orders, our industrial orders were up 6%, and we see very good strength in aerospace, in the medical. We also continue to see broadly, very strong growth in the United States. So, there are mixed views between different angles you look at it. But China was weak across the Board and the adjustment is primarily due to China that we're adjusting to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Terrence, just a question on the broad-based weakness in China which has been evident kind of through the supply chain. But just you have end markets which are clearly slowing, but there's also likely inventory management happening. So any additional color you can shed on that in terms of your discussions with the customers and distributors as to how they're managing the weaker demand environment, and where you think they are at this point from an inventory perspective?
Terrence Curtin: Well, in China, as I said on the call, our orders were down 22% and auto was weak, due to the weaker decline. And were planning the supply chain, you're always going to have some supply chain adjustment that's happening as people relook at their production to their end customer. So, whether thatd be a car buyer or an appliance buyer, anything else that is happening and so, we are going to work through as they do it and that as the supply chain element to it. Typically, they last three months to six months. So, depending upon the market, I would say were sort of in the early innings of that is what we're going through. I would say that is not consistent globally in places we have a healthy environment like in industrial, like in North America. I would say we see pretty healthy demand orders. We don't see contractions, but certainly in China we are seeing some contraction as people it's just normal behavior.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: This is Joe Vruwink for David. When I think about your orders in Asia since the middle of last calendar year, it's kind of gone from rising high-single digits to now down pretty heavily. And since the middle of last year obviously there's been escalating trade tensions and China's underlying economy has slowed. Have you given some thought, if we get maybe trade resolution or China explores a more aggressive fiscal stimulus, not just monetary stimulus, how quickly your business in Asia could potentially come back?
Terrence Curtin: That a question that's probably beyond me. So when we look at it, clearly there's a lot of moving parts in the world, we would like all the moving parts, because we're global free traders, might we able to give everybody confidence. But when we look at it, we do not have stimulus in our guidance, is the way they should be thinking about it. And we would like constructive resolution to those matters but we've got to plan to what's in front of us and the environment we're seeing and that's what were doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Shawn Harrison from Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison: A question I guess specifically for Heath on capital return and buyback. So buying back was greater than - buyback was greater and all in the first quarter. I think that was mainly the tough comp proceeds. But you guys are, one could argue, under-levered right here, if this is going to be the bottom over the next couple quarters for your business, do you get more aggressive with the buyback in the year and is there a number to think about, and is it  is that in the guidance?
Heath Mitts: What's assumed in our guidance - first of all, Shawn, thanks for the question. You're correct. Weve returned $645 million in the quarterly, roughly $500 million of that was the buyback. And this proportion, remember that $500 million did come from the SubCom proceeds, which was about $300 million. So we obviously put that to work in terms of getting that back to the shareholders as we had committed to when we announced that transaction. As you think about the year in terms of the buyback, we generally say about a third of our free cash flow goes towards the buyback. So let's assume that's about $600 million, you can layer in on top of that, the SubCom amount and that gives you up to about the $900 million number. I think that's probably a fair way to frame that out. Now, in terms of, we are always looking at opportunities to intelligently deploy capital, that's not suggesting that we're going to do anything in terms of additional leverage, but we will flex from time to time in terms of where our capital is deployed and at times, when we look at the stock price relative to with the intrinsic of value of our company based on our strong free cash flows, that dislocation does create opportunity from time to time and we will flex a bit higher as it makes sense. So we'll keep you posted, but I'd say from a modeling perspective, you can use kind of the normal one-third plus the SubCom proceeds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Thanks for taking the question which is on data and devices segment, which I noted quite well this quarter and I think it is benefiting from data center. So if you can help us understand how much of data and devices is now tied to a particular data center? And it seems like in a go forward view of data and devices that there's maybe some weakness that's coming up in Asia for data and devices, if I read your slides correctly. So can you talk about what may be weighing on some of the incremental view in data and devices for the balance of the year. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Mark, its Terrence, thanks for the question. First off if youd like we think about data and devices and a lot of the repositioning we've done at that unit it was really around making sure that unit has pointed to high speed. Certainly the hyperscale which is broadly when you think about that entire high speed market is very lever to Asia you know the whole supply chain certainly some of how the ODM elements tie into it. But we look at hyperscale we do expect hyperscale to continue to grow nicely. We do see their capital being down slightly not down in dollars but the growth rate declining a little bit over last year. And the other thing that we saw was during the quarter - later in the quarter due to how much of that supply chain around it, that we did see orders around that supply chain get conservative. So I do think the positioning of the business is very strong. Certainly we're experiencing the broader Asia weakness is touching that like our other businesses. And what I would say its more around what we're seeing in Asia which is well above 70% of the revenue in that segment - well above 50% sorry, the revenue in that segment is tied to Asia. So it is something that we're being caught up with some of the other weakness we are seeing in that region.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Quick one for me. So just first in, in terms of China auto I'm just curious is to how like orderly that 15% decline has been and I know the landscape there are very different than U.S. and Europe with a lot of OEM. So are you seeing like some trying to be opportunistic and take share from others during this kind of environment. And then I guess this - the second part of the question kind of spread more to communications too. But as we recover ultimately from some of these declines, do you think there's a fundamental change in the competitive position of non-Chinese companies and in those markets and as these markets start to grow again, will they gravitate more and more towards local producers of content than our Chinese own?
Terrence Curtin: Well, let me start with the automotive piece. Certainly, when you take our position in automotive and the share we have in automotive, no different than we did in our last week period we had. We gained share and while we will adjust our cost base. One of the other things that's very important is that we're also very much focused on winning at the same time and when you think about our coverage in China, where we cover the entire landscape of the 50 OEMs that are in China through broad technologies. We will focus on gaining shares. So, I don't see some of the adjustments we're making impact and share there are actually very much discussions around how we gain share in these market environments, when other competitors typically scale back. In the data and devices side, certainly theres an element which goes support China and then parts that support the globe. I don't think the competitive dynamic will change and what supports the globe certainly there is a piece that is very much around China OEMs. I think we just have to continue to watch with some of the dynamics to the earlier question. But right now when we think about the technologies we bring as long as our key competitors in that space. I think we have a significant advantage in the high-speed area over local companies and we will continue to invest in that innovation to keep that competitive low well and trenched going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: My one question is on inventories. It looks like you guys built some inventories during the quarter even in the face of some of these declines. Can you sort of talk about your strategy going forward for your own balance sheet and how much it helped to hurt this recent quarter and then whether youre seeing any unusual inventory activity in this project? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Steven, given the severity of the slowdown particularly in the areas we've already talked about the call across China and parts of Europe in the back half of the quarter certainly, we did see some pressure on driving inventory up. Fortunately, that has in our model that comes out pretty quickly in terms of our ability to reduce inventory as we both correct our expectations both from a cost structure side as well as our revenue expectations around what's needed. So, in terms of anything that's systemic there's nothing there and you should see amatory levels come down fairly significantly between now and the end of the year. There are a couple instances where we do have facility consolidations that we have talked pretty openly about within our industrial segment and in a few other places. And that does as we're in the middle of any type of facility consolidation activity that does tend for over a short period of time drive inventory a little bit higher in those cases where you're producing buffer in order to handle the transition into new locations. So we have a little bit of that going on as well and that will continue sporadically during the year you'll see little bumps in terms of that. But otherwise nothing other than just the slowdown that drove some of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: I guess, just a question on your operating margin guide, the implied guide, I guess. If my maths right, you guys are basically seeing operating margins go up by 50 basis points to 80 basis points in the back half versus the first half. Could you just touch on what is going to enable that? And I get you dont want to quantify your cost reduction initiative but historically I think youre cost reductions have taken 12 months or higher to pay back. I'm assuming that's not a lever for back half but Im just curious what enables this margin expansion in H2 versus the front half of the year?
Heath Mitts: Amit this is Heath. I think as we think about the first half to second half, you've got a couple of things going on. We do have a little bit of normal seasonality in terms of first half to second half revenue and that has natural leverage that comes with it. That's not a huge number relative to maybe we've seen in the prior years, but there's a little bit of seasonality embedded in our revenue guidance, and that does have an upward impact on the margins. The very pointedly we've had restructuring activities going on. Some of the things that we do benefit from particularly as we get towards the end of our fiscal year, are some of the activities that we've been undertaking in our industrial segment, as well as some of the things that we're going after non-facility-wise rather operating expenditures relative to some restrained costs for the SubCom divestiture. So there are some are structuring activities that certainly benefit us in the back half of the year. You are correct, some of the newer things that we're running now tackle don't have the  you don't get as much near-term help on that, but that will certainly set us up very well for the next several years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Deepa Raghavan: A follow-up on the margin question here, especially margin protection in the downside. It looks like there will be more cost cuts which is good but in the mean, does the guidance still assume auto margins will hit the 20% in second half, especially given that there was this mixed auto sense of a participation in Q1? And just longer term, will the SG&A and Industrial sales have helped margin ramp still be on track or will that be pushed out a little bit? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Deepa, I think your question is a good one. In terms of our Transportation, we're running at about 18% here for the last couple of quarters and certainly that's below our target margin for that segment, which has a disproportionate impact on the overall margins for the company, given its relative size. As you think about our Transportation business, the way I would think about it is, you'll see the margins begin to improve sequentially as we move through the year. And much of that is driven by some cost actions that you'll see that are under way right now. And as those prevail in terms of our end of the year exit rate, you'll be closer back towards that 20% number that historically has been our target for that Transportation segment. In terms of the Industrial segment, that is really relatively unchanged. When we talked about 90 days ago on our call was that, this year, you won't -- we've seen significant step up in our Industrial segment margins over the last two years. And as you work your way through these footprints, consolidation activities and these are fairly sizable things that are underway right now within that segment. You should expect that the margins are going to stay relatively flat, maybe modestly higher as we go through this year within Industrial, but you'll see another step function improvement as we go into the next several years, as these facilities come off line. So not a lot has changed on the Industrial side relative to margins in our expectations. Certainly, we would see a recovery towards the end of the year within Transportation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein: I believe the weakness in China generally and automotive as well is pretty well understood thats I don't think surprising anyone, whats a bit of a surprise was that the guidance for industrial at least for the March quarter looks a little bit better than what I was expecting and I think you're reiterating for the full fiscal year. Can you dig into what's triggering that that sort of guidance relative to the current environment is that all aerospace defense or these new programs, content wins, new technology, greater volumes, any clarity would be helpful? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Couple of things, first, let me just frame our industrial segment wallet it, it does have a China position, it's not as weighted to China and Asia as our other businesses, it is - it has a heavier weighting more to Europe and North America. So I do think that thats part of it versus the other trends. Also it is the mix that you should indicated, and I'll go back to if you look at our orders on the earlier slide I mentioned, our book-to-bill in industrial was above 1, I think it's around 1 of 7. So it is having very good order trends and it goes back to the markets we talked about. It does go back to we're seeing a very strong commercial aerospace, we're seeing - also seeing very strong defense market that is pretty broad in our aerospace and defense unit, we also continually see the benefit of our investments in medical that where you look at while our industrial equipment which includes medical is down slightly. Our medical business is offsetting what we talked you about even probably about nine months ago that we expected factory automation to get a little slower because of wells running well above trend line. So, when we look at industrial it really has not changed. And honestly from an orders perspective you know was the one segment in the first quarter where orders came in where we expected for the year and working continuing to see good order momentum and industrial around those key markets I talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: In your prepared comments, one of you made the comment about as you exit the year you expect to be stronger. Was that in reference to operating margins each and every segment, the company in totality or earnings per share or how should we think about what that was referring to?
Terrence Curtin: Jim, I made that comment. And that is you know a total company comment. Certainly, we have levers that are different by our segments. And when we made that comment that was truly made had a view point of earnings per share and at a total company level. And certainly as he talked about, we do expect operating margin to improve I think we did a good job highlighting the levers, but certainly our earnings power, we also viewed, we're going to continue to improve as we exit the second half versus when you compare year-on-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin: Just another question regarding your auto guide. I know you're guiding you are sort of in between North America and in Asia down modestly. We should though I think have some improving year-over-year comps as we get through the year particularly given the WLTP testing that went on in Europe and slowed things down. So what's your perspective on that market relative to production, but also relative to the relationship between Europe and exporting into Asia?
Terrence Curtin: Well, a couple of things. When you think about it that you're right some of our incremental decline is around. WLTP has been lingering and we also have certain customers really get extended shutdowns that went into January. So we did see a weaker European environment due to WLTP and certainly shutdowns there. And just the overall tone around Europe whether it's Brexit, whether it's WLTP, whether it's cars going from Europe or Asia, it is sort of reflected in our outlook. But what I would tell you we are sort of seeing probably off the point we were in the fourth quarter, you'll see you're sort of more normal your shape which is typically auto production in our third fiscal quarter takes off and then sort of gets in a little bit slower in the fourth quarter due to just traditional production bill schedules. But we are still expecting Europe to be down mid-single-digits with the bulk of that happening in the first three quarters of our fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Just a couple on cash flow dynamics, sorry if I missed that, but curious on the CapEx outlook and then for working capital given the organic outlook would you expect working capital would be a source of cash this year?
Heath Mitts: Let's take CapEx first. So our CapEx as we guided last quarter was expected to be in the range of around $850 million for the year. We'll bring that down some as we've seen certain activities slow down. But you got to know that the vast majority of our CapEx fortunately is tied to customer programs. And we win a customer program and that's not just within auto or commercial transportation, that's really across the board. When we win a customer a program that generally commit us to some level of tooling and fit-up in advance of production. So given the long-term horizon and the strength of that, we're still committed to because that's been - because that has the best return on capital, just about any other opportunities out - that's out there. So you should expect it somewhere in that $800 million, $850 million, will prune if necessary. The other point is exactly right on target though. Working capital won't be a source of cash this year. Particularly as I mentioned earlier on inventory, receivables will have a natural impact coming down with the sales and payables. Weve a robust program to drive payables improvement, we're pretty good at that already. But you'll see inventory correct as well as part of - the needs to bring that down. So we would expect that as we make our way through the next three quarters towards the end of our fiscal year that will continue to be a source of capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Thanks for taking the follow-up question. About aerospace and defense, which I know did quite well this quarter, but given the U.S. government shutdown, just curious if there's been any change in the overall operating environment in terms of ability to win new programs or order rates or things of that nature? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: No. Good question, really. How we do design and we're actually with the times and so forth. So that's really not having an impact on us just due to where we are and how we do our design work with the primes in that space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for the follow-up guys. Heath, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more on the sensors side sort of what do you think the growth trends or growth trajectory looks like in fiscal 2019 and then on the margin side is there a way to think about what sort of headwind with the sensor business to transportation margins in fiscal 2018 and how does that diminish I guess in 2019.
Heath Mitts: A couple of things on the latter part, it's pretty small due to the weighting of the total segment Amit. So I won't over focus on that. On your point around the pipeline what we really like about this year sensor business is - you sort of saw the growth rate go down a little bit and it is being impacted by the global macro because there is a big piece of it that those go into industrial transportation, those go into industrial applications today. But as we go through the year you're going to see some of the auto wins that weve had as those launches happen later in the year, helped the growth rate sensors. So we are getting the benefit of those there as we told you. They were later in 2019 events just due to have auto production hits and those launches hits, so you'll continue to see more positives on the auto side than the sensors as we go through the year and where we are today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Deepa Raghavan: Thanks for the follow-up. Two quick housekeeping questions, what's the updated tax rate assumption, it looks like the lower headwind is more than just of the Q1 event and to what's the embedded free cash flow conversion rate within the guidance. Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Deepa, as I noted in the prepared comments, the expected effective tax rate for the year is between 18% and 19%. So we did drop out modestly from our original guide, which was closer to the 19% level. As you would expect, given the complexity of our structure, you're going to have some quarters to swing around, particularly when you have statute explorations that hit us at different points in the year. In terms of the cash conversion, I think you could still model it or it'll be up in that 80% to 90% range as we work through. We've increased our CapEx over the last two years as you can see in the numbers and there's still take - theres a little bit of lag for the depreciation to catch up on that in terms of how that math works, but it will be up in the higher end range would be our assumption for the year in terms of free cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Not really a question, just a quick clarification. Your new guidance, does it assume more cost savings relative to your prior plan or is that more like fiscal 2020 help? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Steven, there is some incremental restructuring that we will benefit from in the back half of this year, certainly relative to our original guidance and that's one of the reasons we're able to withstand on the lower revenue growth, a pretty low flow through down to our revised EPS, is largely tied to our ability to get cost out of the business. Now having said that, there will be - part of what Terrence and I have had mentioned earlier in this call, we are taking advantage of the slower environments to much more aggressively go after the fixed cost structure of the business and that will enable us to have a step function improvement in terms of overall profitability in the out years. So, were focused both on preserving income and cash flow for this year, as well as what it sets ourselves up for to drive profitable business going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein: Thanks for taking the follow-up. You talked about customer uncertainty relative to all the geopolitical risks that we're aware of, when you look at your customer orders or when you have discussions with customers, I'm sure it's different for many of them across the spectrum but what would you estimate is their assumption as to the resolution of the current sort of trade negotiations going on. We're asked another way, if we see tariffs tick up from the 10% rate to 25%, do you think that's already contemplated in your customers outlook or is that incremental to demand? Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Well you know how many customers we have, its basically well over 0.5 million. So to sympathize that it's very different pending about where they are in the world, as well as other opinions they have. So I really can't answer that. I think everybody has been planning and working around a tariff environment and I do think that creates uncertainty for all of us, so people go to the conservative side versus the aggressive side, and that's really the only color I can give you from our customer discussions.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Will. It looks like there is no further questions. So if you have additional questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you for joining us this morning. And have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern Time today through January 30. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 458594, international participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with the access code 458594. And that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd. Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd. Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Alvin J. Park - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the TE Connectivity Fourth Quarter and Final-Year Results Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, which at that time, I'll give instructions. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Sujal Shah, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full-year 2018 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we'll be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Please keep in mind that we announced the sale of our SubCom business last quarter and expect the transaction to close by the end of this quarter. With the sale, SubCom is reflected as discontinued operations and is not included in our results or guidance. Also, prior periods have been recast to reflect SubCom's discontinued operations treatment. In our fiscal 2018, SubCom generated approximately $700 million in sales, with a minimal contribution to adjusted EPS. Note that, all prepared remarks on today's call will reflect TE continuing operations unless otherwise noted. We've included slide 15 in our earnings presentation, which shows recast financial information for continuing operations. Finally, due to the increasing number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We're willing to take follow-up questions, but ask that you re-join the queue if you have a second question. And let me turn the call over to Terrence, for opening comments.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Sujal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today and I'll cover our 2018 results as well as our outlook for 2019. As we're going to be going through both our fourth quarter 2018 as well as the full-year 2018 and the guide, I'd like to start with framing the key messages for today's call by referencing our long-term business model. To remind you, back at our Investor Day earlier this fiscal year we conveyed a long-term business model of 4% to 6% annual organic growth where we would deliver 30 to 80 basis points of margin expansion and double-digit earnings per share growth, which we expect to deliver over a full market cycle. As Heath and I recap 2018, you're going to see strong results that are well ahead of this business model on all fronts, on the sales front, margin front, earnings per share growth, as well as capital generation and deployment. When we talk about 2019, and over the past three months, we have seen changes in the macro environment and our guidance for 2019 does reflect slower growth in certain end markets that we'll highlight during this call. While this may cause 2019 to be slightly below our target business model, I want to make sure you know we remain committed and are going to accelerate the leverage we talked to you about that are under our control to ensure we accrue financial performance as we move through 2019. So let me look back now at 2018 a little bit before I get into the slides, and I'm very proud of our results. I think the results show the power of our strategy, as well as the execution of our teams. Some of the things I want to highlight before we jump into slide 3 is some of the significant progress we feel we've made this past year in creating long-term value for our owners. First off, as Sujal highlighted, we announced the sale of our SubCom business, which improves our portfolio by lowering our volatility, enhancing our long-term growth and margin profile and positioning TE for stronger returns on future investments. Also, during 2018, the revenue growth result which was 15% overall and 9% on an organic basis  and 9% organically is a $1 billion of organic revenue growth, I think demonstrates the performance that's significantly ahead of growth in the markets we serve. We ended this year expecting 4% organic growth and our strong outperformance this past year once again reinforces the secular content trends that drive our results and business model. We saw this illustrate among many of our markets including auto, commercial transportation, sensors, factory automation as well as appliances. On the earnings front first; adjusted operating margins expanded a 100 basis point with increases in each of our three segments and the expansion being driven primarily by our Industrial and Communications segments, which we talked to you about, as key drivers for margin expansion over many years now and we saw the results here in 2018. On an earnings per share, we grew 26%, which represents strong performance versus our industrial technology peers. And lastly, about our business model, it is the cash generation that I know we all like and we generated $1.4 billion of free cash flow this past year and expanded return on invested capital by over 150 basis points, which reflect both our disciplined and balanced capital strategy. So I do have confidence that our portfolio is well positioned to continue to generate growth ahead in the end markets we serve as we go forward. So, let's get into the slides and we're going to start with slide 3 and I'm going to jump back over and just talk about the fourth quarter. And as we talk about the fourth quarter, as Sujal said, in continuing operations, which excludes SubCom, we delivered another quarter of above-market performance with growth in all businesses. Sales were slightly ahead of our expectations at $3.5 billion and this represented 9% reported growth and 8% organic growth year-over-year. In Transportation, we grew 8% organically, well above our markets with growth in each of the segments' three businesses. Industrial Solutions grew 6% organically with growth across all businesses and our Communications segment grew 12% organically, with strong growth in both data and devices and appliances. Orders were up 4% organically with growth in each segment, but we did see our orders decline sequentially by 8% and this reflects both return to more typical seasonality for our business, as well as a slower market environment in certain markets. In the fourth quarter, we delivered 17% adjusted operating margins, expanding 110 basis points year-over-year with margin expansion across all segments. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.35, which was above our guidance and grew 19% versus the prior-year, driven entirely by operational performance. In fact, currency exchange and tax rates were actually a headwind to our results in the quarter. Free cash flow was very strong at $670 million and we returned over $500 million to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. So if you could please turn to slide 4, let me jump back to the full year for 2018 and then also talk about our guidance for 2019. For the full-year 2018, our sales were $14 billion, up 15% on a reported basis and 9% organically. Transportation grew 11% organically with 8% organic growth in auto versus the global auto production growth at less than 1%, and this demonstrates our performance versus the market due to content growth trends, as well our strong global position. Industrial Solutions grew 6% organically with growth across all businesses and benefit from content growth, and our Communications segment grew 11% organically with double-digit growth in both appliances and our data devices units. For the full-year, our adjusted operating margins were up 100 basis points to 17.7%, but I do want to note that we exited the year at a 17% margin run rate, which represents a level of profitability that reflects a moderating macro environment. We delivered adjusted earnings per share of $5.61, which was up 26% over the prior year. As we look forward, we are providing fiscal 2019 guidance for continuing operations for sales of $14.1 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $5.70 at the midpoint. This guidance represents 1% reported growth and 3% organic revenue growth and low-single digit EPS expansion. Our guidance reflects moderating order trends I'll discuss on the next slide, but we do expect growth in each of our segments and performance above our markets driven by content growth. The one big item is, while we have 3% organic growth and that would equate to about $500 million of organic revenue. As we've been highlighting, currency exchange effects are changing from being a tailwind last year to being a material headwind in 2019. And we expect currency exchange effects to negatively impact our revenue by $400 million. Adjusted earnings per share includes a $0.30 combined headwind from currency effects as well as the higher tax rate that Heath will talk about. Without these headwinds, our EPS guidance would represent high single-digit growth were it not for these. While we can't influence the market environment, we are going to execute on leverage we can control to accelerate cost reduction plans in the first half and expand margins and EPS in the second half. So let's turn to slide 5 and let me get into the order trends that I've mentioned and where we see the markets and we'll get into it both overall and by segment. So on slide 5, as we discussed with you throughout 2018, we did have some markets that were running well ahead of trend line. These include commercial transportation, factory automation and appliances. As we expected, we saw growth rates moderate from the first half to the second half of this year and expect these markets to continue to normalize in 2019. We did see global auto production fall to less than 1% in 2018 with 2% production declines in the fourth quarter. This is different than what we talked about 90 days ago. Right now, we expect full-year auto production to be flat in 2019 with first-half production declining 2% year-over-year before improving in the second half. And offsetting some of this weakness, we continue to see good momentum in our aerospace and defense, medical, and data and device end markets. If you look at orders on the slide, we saw 4% year-over-year growth on an organic basis. This was driven by growth in North America and Europe of 12% and 3% respectively. And this was partially offset by weakness in Asia, which declined by 2%. The slower growth rates we're seeing is reflected in the sequential decline that you see on the page in orders from quarter three to quarter four of 8%. We have been running a book-to-bill ratio above 1 for quite some time and this quarter's book-to-bill of 0.99 reflects the slowing of the certain markets that I just mentioned earlier, and a return to more normal seasonal patterns for our business. And just to remind you, since we haven't experienced these normal season patterns in a while, we typically see mid-single digit revenue declines sequentially from quarter four to quarter one, followed by sequential growth in quarter two, and additional growth in the second half and that's in line with how we're guiding. Looking at orders by segment, Transportation organic orders were up 4% with growth in automotive and in sensors. And Industrial orders grew 3% organically year-over-year with growth driven by aerospace, defense and marine, as well as medical applications. In Communications, we saw year-over-year organic order growth of 4% that was driven by the data and devices unit, partially offset by declines in appliances, and our guidance for revenue growth reflects trends we're seeing. So let me get into our results by segment and if you could please turn to slide 6, we'll start with Transportation. Transportation sales grew 8% organically year-over-year with strong growth in each of our three businesses. Our auto sales were up 6% organically in an auto production environment that declined 2% in the quarter, again reinforcing our ability to outperform the end market due to secular content growth trends. When we look at the quarter, we had solid growth in the Americas and China, while Europe was flat as customers were impacted by the WLTP implementation. In commercial transportation, we continue to outperform the market with organic revenue growth of 15% year-over-year and double-digit growth across all regions and submarkets. But we have seen those orders reduce off of where we just had the revenue. Our sensors business grew very nicely 10% year-over-year with growth across auto, commercial transportation as well as industrial applications. In the auto sensor space, we generated over $800 million of new design wins in 2018. And this brings our total design win value to over $2 billion since the beginning of 2016 across a broad spectrum of auto sensor technologies as well as applications. For the segment, adjusted operating margins expanded 40 basis points year-over-year to 18.1%. As we've indicated, we have increased investment to support strong pipeline of new design wins, including those in the electric vehicle and autonomous driving applications. At the same time, we have seen production slow in both China and Europe, causing a near-term correction in supply-chain that has impacted margins for our business. We will balance near-term margin performance with long-term growth opportunities and are committed to getting margins back to our target level of around 20% in the second half of 2019. So if we can move to Industrial Solutions. Please turn to slide 7 in the deck. The segment sales grew 6% organically year-over-year to $1.1 billion, with contribution from all businesses. In industrial equipment, organic growth was 4%, led by strength in medical applications and a slower growth factory automation environment. Our AD&M business delivered 9% organic growth with growth across all businesses and particular strength in com air. And our energy business grew 8% on an organic basis with growth in all regions. When we look at the industrial space, we are continuing to see sustained momentum across a broad set of end markets. On the margin side in the segment, adjusted operating margins expanded a very strong 160 basis points year-over-year to 15% with operating leverage on the higher revenue. As we outlined earlier this year, we are on a multi-year journey to optimize our factory footprint and reduce expenses to expand adjusted operating margins into the high teens. Our plans are on track, as you can see, in the fourth quarter and we expect fiscal 2019 to be a year of heavy lifting, as we increase some investments to support factory consolidation activities, leading to nominal margin expansion for this coming year, and this is consistent with the plan that we've been outlining to you to expand long-term operating margins in the segment. So let's turn to Communications and that's on slide 8. During the quarter, Communications grew 12% organically with data and devices and appliances delivering another quarter of very strong results. And it's nice that you get to see the true progress that our team has made in this segment without the volatility of SubCom. In data and devices, we grew 17% organically with growth across all regions driven by high-speed connectivity in data center applications and content growth from electronification trends. Our appliance businesses grew 5% organically with growth in all regions as we continue to benefit from our leading global position. Adjusted operating margins were 16.8% in the quarter and expanded over 300 basis points from the prior year. For our Communications segment, going forward, we are targeting a long-term model of low to mid-single digit organic revenue growth with mid to high-teen operating margins. Before I get into guidance a little bit later, I do want to turn it over to Heath to cover financials for the fourth quarter as well as for the full year.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide 9 where I will provide more details on the Q4 financials. Adjusted operating income was $597 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 17% and 110 basis points of margin expansion, driven by the strong 8% organic growth in the quarter. GAAP operating income was $570 million and included $22 million of restructuring and other charges and $5 million of acquisition charges. For the full-year, restructuring charges were $140 million and I expect another year at this level as we continue to execute on optimizing the industrial footprint that Terrence mentioned earlier and improving the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was $135 million, up a very strong 19% year-over-year, driven by sales growth and operating margin improvement in all segments. GAAP EPS was $4.78 for the quarter and included a tax benefit related to utilization of net operating loss carry forwards. This benefit was partially offset by restructuring, acquisitions and other charges of $0.06. We ended 2018 with an adjusted effective tax rate of 17.1% for the year versus our long-term model of 19% to 20%. As we look ahead to 2019, I expect a more normalized effective tax rate at the low end of this range, so closer to 19%. This results in a tax headwind, though, of approximately $0.14 in our 2019 guidance compared to our 2018 results. If you turn to slide 10, adjusted gross margin expanded 70 basis points in the quarter to 33.7% with improvement from prior year, driven primarily by fall through on increased volumes. Adjusted operating margins were up 110 basis points year-over-year to 17%, with strong organic growth driving leverage in the operating structure of the company. We are proud of the expansion that is across all our segments in Q4 and for the full year. Adjusted EBITDA margins also expanded year-on-year to approximately 22% in the fourth quarter. In the quarter, cash from operations was $922 million and up 10% year-over-year. Free cash flow was $670 million and we returned $570 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. For the full-year, free cash flow was $1.4 billion and included a step-up in capital investments to support the rich pipeline of organic opportunities that I have discussed with you over the past year. This CapEx investment is to support growth, and as I've mentioned before, have the highest return on investment for the company, which is contributing to the over 150 basis points improvement in adjusted ROIC this year to 15%. We continue to target mid-teens adjusted ROIC as we balance organic investments with acquisition opportunities. In fiscal 2018, we returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and used $153 million for acquisitions. Our balance sheet is healthy, and we expect cash will remain strong, which provides us the ability to support both return to our shareholders and the acquisitions over the long term. Given where we are trading, our valuation is attractive. We'll take advantage of this opportunity and balance share repurchases with acquisitions that arrive this coming year. Also, as we mentioned before, we're committed to returning the proceeds from the SubCom divesture to our shareholders in addition to the buybacks from the normal share repurchase program. Please turn to slide 11 to summarize our financial performance for the full-year and illustrate the progress we've made in each of our segments over the past two years as we execute on our strategy. As Terrence mentioned, our performance was ahead of our business model in 2018 with 9% organic growth and a 100 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. This included double-digit organic growth in both Transportation and Communications segments. While we had margin expansion in all segments, I'm very proud of the performance of our Industrial and Communications segments as we execute on the levers to improve the operating performance of these segments. The Industrial segment benefited from volume leverage this year, and is making great progress on their margin expansion goals. In Communications, our results reflect the heavy lifting that our team did to restructure and reposition the data and device business over the past several years. We expect to apply the same process to our Industrial segment to drive margins to the high teens. In Transportation, our 2018 growth was well ahead of our initial expectations, and while this is great for sales and earnings generation, we did experience some operational growing pains, which unfavorably impacted the Transportation margins. Fortunately, we feel these growing pains are well understood and have been taking actions to improve the efficiency of our operations within the segment. And as Terrence mentioned, as we progress to 2019, our expectation is that the Transportation margin gets very closer to our target margin rate. We continue to have significant growth opportunities in the Transportation segment, we will continue to fund these investments, while also balancing the operational improvement and the financial results. With that, I'll turn back over to Terrence to cover guidance.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Heath. And let me get into guidance. I know I talked a little bit about it but let's click down a level and if we can start on slide 12, let's start with the first quarter. We expect first quarter revenue of $3.33 billion to $3.43 billion, and adjusted earnings per share of $1.25 to $1.29. At the mid-point, this represents reported sales growth of 1% and organic sales growth of 3%, and adjusted EPS expected to be down from the prior year first quarter. Given the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar, we expect the year-over-year currency exchange headwind in the first quarter of approximately $75 million and $0.04 in the quarter. Because the number of dynamics in quarter one on a year-over-year compared basis, I think it makes more sense that we reference back to the quarter we just ended as a baseline when looking at our quarter one expected performance. Our outlook for the first quarter of this year reflects the business returning to normal seasonal patterns that I discussed earlier, combined with a slower growth in certain end markets. Our revenue guidance implies a 4% sequential decline in quarter one and quarter four, which is in line with the mid-single digit declines that we would typically expect. We expect operating margins to be slightly below our quarter four levels of 17%, as we adjust to the slower market environment. However, we expected the margin expansion from the first half to the second half driven by the levers that we control resulting in a full-year adjusted operating margin expansion from the 17% exit level in 2018. Talking by segments, within the first quarter, we expect Transportation Solutions to be up low single-digits organically. Auto revenue is expected to be up low single-digits organically versus a global decline in auto production of 2%, driven by weakness of production in Europe and China. Our outperformance versus the market again reinforces the benefit we drive from content growth. Industrial Solutions is expected to grow mid-single digits organically with growth across all businesses. And we expect Communications to be up mid-single digits organically, driven primarily by data and devices. So let's move to the full year of 2019, and if you can move to slide 13, I'd appreciate it. As I said earlier, we expect full-year revenue of $13.9 billion to $14.3 billion, which represents reported sales growth of 1% and organic sales growth of 3% at the midpoint. Once again, when you think about the top-line going from where we just ended, it's about $500 million of organic sales growth, offset by $400 million of currency headwind at the mid-point. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $5.60 to $5.80, and we have the two headwinds both from currency and tax, that both Heath and I talked about, but without those headwinds, adjusted earnings per share would be growing at a high single-digit rate at the midpoint, and without these headwinds, it would be closer to $6. So, let me provide some color on the segments on the full year how we're seeing it from a market and a revenue perspective. We do expect our Transportation Solutions segment to be up mid-single digits organically, content gains are expected to drive mid-single digit organic growth in auto, even in a flat global auto production environment that we assume for 2019. We are expecting high single-digit organic growth in sensory, driven by the ramp-up of new auto design wins that we discussed earlier. In Industrial Solutions, we expect to grow low-single digits through the year organically, with growth in aerospace, defense and medical being offset partially by slower growth in factory automation. And in Communications, we expect it to be up low single-digit through year organically, driven primarily by our data and devices business. So before we go to questions, I just want to recap some of the key takeaways from today's call. We delivered exceptional results in 2018 across all levers of our business model. And I think we demonstrated the positive impact of the portfolio changes we've made and the benefit from the global secular trends that are going to consistently drive growth ahead of markets we serve. As we move into 2019, we are in a slower growth environment, which we have reflected in our guidance and it's also important that we remain committed to our long-term business model and we do have levers to respond to the market conditions and you'll see it in the first half and second half margin expansion and EPS expansion that's included in our guidance. And as always, we all appreciate a strong cash generation model that we have and we are going to continue to maintain our balanced capital strategy to make sure we're driving value creation for owners. So as I close, I just want to thank our employees across the world for their execution through 2018, as well as their commitment as we go into 2019 to both our customers and our owners and as we create a future that's safer, sustainable, productive and connected. So Sujal, with that, let's open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay, thanks, Kailey. Could you please read the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot guys. I guess
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hi, Amit.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Terrence, given your expectations for auto production for the full year being flat, how do you think China is going to stack up within those expectations? And how do you deal with a potential China stimulus, I guess, helping you guys over fiscal 2019, if that's baked into your guide or not? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No, thanks, Amit. Let me get into the geographies as we see them and that's assumed in our flat auto production environment. And it is something versus 90 days ago  90 days ago, we would have told you we would have thought auto production in 2019 would be similar to what we were experiencing in 2018, which is 1% to 2% and it did turn flat based upon some of the dynamics we're seeing. By region, as we look at next year in that flat environment, it's really North America continues to be in the continued flat environment it's been in. We see Europe being slightly down. And we actually see Asia being slightly up and that does include, what we believe the stimulus that the Chinese government looks like they're going to put in here beginning in January on the smaller size combustion engines. So when we look at our flat next year, I think you're going to have Europe slightly down, North America flat, Asia driven mainly by China being slightly up.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Just wanted to ask about the free cash flow outlook and how to think about conversion, the 70%-plus conversion was a little light in 2018? CFO was clearly good, but as we look into next year, just wondering on the swings, where does CapEx go? Is working capital kind of an opportunity on the slower growth?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure, Chris. This is Heath. I think if you think about our cash flow for 2018, couple things you have to take into consideration. One, we consciously took up our CapEx year-over-year to take advantage of some very attractive growth opportunities, particularly in the Transportation segment. That's across the board, both auto, commercial transportation as well as sensors. And many times in this market you've got to invest in some things after you win a program, maybe up to two years in advance of when you'd actually see the revenue. So that's a  if I was looking at our CapEx, I'd say that's a good indicator on our confidence towards our revenue pipeline there. The other thing is, obviously, we did eat through with the type of organic revenue growth that we're talking about for the year nearing double-digits. We did use some working capital. As you think forward into 2019, the slower growth, that working capital, much of it is going to come back into cash flow out of inventories and receivables. And then from a CapEx perspective, I would say it will moderate some from what we spent this past year, but it's still going to be somewhere in that $800 million range of CapEx.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to line of Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping, Terrence, you can talk a little bit about the linearity this year, given the fact that you're starting off with this assumption of 2% decline in auto production and ending for the full year at flat. How should we think about the seasonality different this year relative to, let's say, last year? And Heath, perhaps you could address like what specific steps you're taking to accelerate cost savings here and how we should expect that profitability linearity also to progress through the course of the year? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Wamsi, for the question. Let me talk a little about the seasonality because it's something  in the environment, I think all of us have had for the past couple of years, in some cases our seasonality hasn't been typical but when you look at our guidance and even when you see the orders, orders did grow during the quarter, certainly at a slower rate than we've seen, but you saw the sequential decline that I mentioned and that is pretty typical for our business. And so when we look at our guide for this year, we are pretty guiding that historical seasonality, which is the first quarter comes down a little bit off the fourth, you get a little bit more growth in the second quarter, and then certainly, the third quarter it is typically our strongest and then a little bit of moderation into the fourth. So our guide, as we looked at where orders were, does show a more natural shape. From the standpoint of, clearly  and it goes a little bit back to Amit's question, when you have an environment that goes from 2% growth to declining a little bit like in auto, you are going to get a little bit of supply chain movement. That we are dealing with, that's reflected in our guidance. But I'll let Heath talk a little bit about what we're going to do from a linearity on the profitability side.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure. And, Wamsi, I appreciate the question. There's a couple of things that we've talked about in the past, which we described and continue to describe as a multi-year journey, most specifically that's our industrial footprint optimization. And that's not  we've been well underway with that as we worked our way through 2018 and certainly even more aggressively in 2019. I would say, from a segment perspective, some of the bigger actions that we're taking in 2019 in the industrial footprint, we'll see a much more significant margin rate improvement as we get into actual 2020. This is kind of a year internally that we said a year of execution for our industrial team as there's a couple of very large sites that are coming offline. And as that happens, those are not things that happen overnight. So, this has been in progress for a while. I think what you'll see is modest or flat margins in our Industrial segment in 2019. And then as we exit the year, you would expect some significant improvement there. The other thing we have got to take a look at is we just sold a business roughly $700 million of revenue and what that does create an element of stranded cost that we have to address in our structure. And that does put near-term pressure on our margins as we pull out that amount of revenue without that amount of cost. So, we'll be addressing that. We've already begun taking those steps and we'll continue to do so through the first part of this year. So, you would expect our second half margins, in aggregate for the company, to be higher than the first half as we tackle these things.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: [Technical Difficulty] (37:11  37:37)
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. I'm sorry about that. We're going to go to the next question, please. And, Craig, we had a bad connection. Maybe we'll come back to you.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Joe. Good morning.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: So can we go through kind of what you're seeing in the supply chain, I know, Heath, we talked last  like on a year-on-year in auto last year it was a headwind, I think it was like 150 basis points from kind of supply chain inflation and some stuff you had to do on the logistics side to expedite, can we talk about what we're seeing now, is that kind of pressure accelerating, moderating a little bit, and implications on auto margins there?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure. I think that when we think about supply chain, there is a couple of pieces here. I'm going to tackle the first half, and then I want, Terrence, to grab the second. There's certainly some things that we have dealt with relative to our operational matters that involve our supply chain and availability of parts, and be able to get things and then through our factories and the cost to expedite some of that, much of that is behind us, or we're on the better end of that journey in terms of the pain points that that has caused. Albeit, we're not  we're never going to let our customers down in terms of being a critical component of their supply chain and so we at times have to do things that drive inefficiencies in our factories to make sure we get out and some of the capital that we've spent this year in addition to the growth programs has gone to address those types of matters. So I feel that we're on the right end of that journey, but again you'll continue to see margins march up as we progress through the year. And then relative to the supply chain and some of our prepared remarks that is causing some air pockets in our demand for sales. I'll let Terrence grab on to it.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. Certainly, Joe, on the other part there. We have seen in certain markets customers get conservative and inventory levels while we see things like PoS staying in this moderating growth environment. We have, due to some of the inflationary pressures we're seeing elsewhere as well as I think some of the tariff effects, actually pause a little bit. So, we are seeing that as part of our moderation. It's very different depending upon the market dynamics. Markets that are hot, we don't see it, markets that are moderating a little bit, we are seeing some pauses in the supply chain in the purchasing activity that we see, as typical those type of effects work through in three, four months and we do see it in certain markets right now.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to line of Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research. Please go ahead. Mr. Harrison, your line is open. If you have a mute button on, please take it off or pick up the handset.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Morning all. This is probably the last time ever you'll have this question but SubCom. What was previously the embedded earnings forecast for that business in 2019 prior to the sale? And do you anticipate through buyback and cost reduction actions that you'd be able to fully offset any dilutions from that sale?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Well. Shawn, this is Heath. We didn't get into disclosing given where we were in the process internally what the impact would have been for our 2019 numbers, because we had a pretty good indication early on during our budget process, where it was going to fall out. So, did try to put in a 2019 number on there would be somewhat speculation at this point. In terms of the dilutive impact, obviously it did not have a material amount of profitability as you review the numbers that we disclosed in the 8-K that was sent out earlier today. You'll see that there was not much profitability in that business in our fiscal 2018 numbers. So from that perspective, which was obviously a number that was  had been, we worked through the quality issue with one of our contracts and that had, certainly, an unfavorable impact to the business's overall margins. But as we think through more of a normalized piece for SubCom, relative to the price that we got and the shares we're going to purchase back, I would say that on a year-over-year perspective you'll see a very moderate amount of dilution. And you'll see, obviously, when we normalize the numbers, an uptick in our gross margins and in our overall operating income.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Shawn. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to the line of Matthew Sheerin with Stifel.
Alvin J. Park - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Hi. This is Alvin Park on behalf of Matt Sheerin.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hi, Alvin.
Alvin J. Park - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Hello. And just in terms of content spread with the auto production growth. The quarter had 8% organic growth in Transportation on a 2% decline implying a spread of roughly 10 points. Just wondering how management is viewing that spread come fiscal year 2019. And if that large spread cadence can be maintained or if you see a compression, just any color on that?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Couple of things. Let's go back to what we believe that spread should be and that spread, like we said in our Investor Day, is that mid-single digit spread, both from the trends we get around electronification content changed due to both what's happened in electric vehicle as well as autonomy and the connected car. So that spread does not change. This past year, certainly, our performance was well ahead of that, but as we look at next year in a flat environment, we believe our auto business will grow mid-single digit right at that content that we've always said. On a quarter or a period you will get programs that may kick-in and move out, but long-term that 4% to 6% and mid to single-digit content is what we expect based upon the programs we're seeing to drive up to the content per vehicle, we've always talked to our owners about. So while we may have a little bit of a supply chain effect in quarter one, we feel very good at it in the flat environment. We're going to grow that mid-single digit, where we guided for the year.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay, Thank you, Alvin. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Okay. We're going to go back and try Craig Hettenbach's line again from Morgan Stanley.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Sorry, there was some line issues, so Terrence just the question on the sensor wins you called out, $800 million in fiscal 2018. Can you talk about in areas where you are winning kind of where you are differentiating versus the competition? And then as part of that I know the company has talked about kind of leveraging the core connector technology with sensors, and what type of traction you're seeing that as a go-to-market with auto OEMs?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure. Thanks, Craig. So first off, we talked about the wins that I mentioned in the call, you see the momentum we continue to have and those sensor wins were over $2 billion. And you've also seen, we're starting to see the growth on the auto programs as we've always told you, when you win an auto program, it take years for that to actually launch and you've seen that we continue to have momentum there and that will help the growth where we guided in sensors next year. When we bought MEAS, it was always around how do you take their great product bag and technology bag they have and really get it, focus on vertical applications. And our first approach was very much around would we leverage TEs in the transportation space. And I think that's what you see, it is very broad, the sensor space is a very broad space, it is space where there is internal divisions we compete against with, some small companies, certainly some larger companies, and our wins we're competing against that fragmented space. What I would say from applications, the application we feel very fortunate because we're starting a little bit from a clean slate since MEAS didn't have much automotive business. And I think we're really driving wins where they are differentiated, and whether that or other things around electric vehicles, certainly around humidity, temperature, pressure, it's a very broad-based that we feel good about. And we're going to continue to leverage it. We're also looking where other verticals that we should be looking at sensor (45:58) I would say that's still, how do we scale that, there's still some of the opportunity we have as a company, but early out of the gate it was very much transportation focused.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Craig. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much. And thus far you've provided great details. One follow-up I have is in your prepared comments you've mentioned about right-sizing and realigning some of the businesses, as we look into the 2019 and looking at your reporting lines of businesses where can we see the most focus for that right lining of those businesses maybe by segment about where the most effort will be? And is it kind of a near-term pressure or pause on the margins of those businesses before they get better? And is it all internally planned or is it also driven by some of the political items that are going on with the tariffs adding to that or would that be incremental depending upon how that all sources sorts out? Thank you very much.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Jim, it's Heath. I appreciate the question. Let me give you my perspective in terms of where our efforts and focuses are. Certainly, what we've talked about relative to the Industrial segment is unchanged. We have been undertaking, we continue to undertake some footprint consolidation activities. We will, in 2019 because there are some investments that get made as we do, we were running parallel as things move to different regions and things like that. You won't see a ton of margin expansion that probably guide you to the model of roughly flat year-over-year at the segment level with an expectation that as we exit the year you'll start to see this tick up as some of the bigger cost locations come off line. So, that's an organized effort of largely the team that right-sized our data and device business over the last several years, that same team is now involved with the Industrial segment. And they are well underway in terms of what they've been working on towards that goal. As we think about Transportation, I think what you'll see is you'll see where we exited this year with Transportation in terms of 2018. There are, certainly, some activities in place to make sure that we are sized correctly as well as in the right areas. My expectation is that you will continue to see the margins tick up as we move from quarter-to-quarter sequentially and certainly from the first half to second half and realize the benefit of some of those actions that are underway, while we're still investing into the growth profile of that business, because that business continues to have strong trends and nothing has changed from that perspective in terms of where we're going within the transportation world, whether it's sensors business that Terrence has talked about or certainly in commercial transportation and auto that are benefiting from the trends of electronification of vehicles. So, there will be a balance there. But as you model the year, you should expect margins to tick up sequentially as well as certainly first half, second half. And then Communications, right, now Communications is a business that certainly from a margin perspective has finished 2018 very strong, the data and device business and appliance businesses, which are the only to be used left in that segment, right. They're both doing well; you'll see more growth out of data and devices this year. And then appliances, I think you'll see a little bit slower growth because we've come to enjoy outsized growth relative to those end markets, but you'll still see nice numbers there. From a margin rate perspective, this is a little bit less about restructuring and more about growth from where our focal points are. But no, it's just the law of small numbers, you can see some volatility quarter-to-quarter within that segment as any one quarter could have better mix than another quarter and so forth and you don't have quite the amount of variability in there that maybe once had. So, just keep an eye on that, but if you wanted to guide mid-to-high teens for that segment, I think that's a fair place.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Jim. Can we have next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to the line of Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Mark.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I was hoping you to talk more about commercial transportation specifically and the commentary about some slowing in orders as you exited the fiscal year? Was that a broader base comment or is that more specific to China? And then just maybe remind us how much of the commercial transportation business is China exposed?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No, I think when you look at our commercial transportation business, we've had tremendous growth the past couple of years there and a lot of it has been driven by the truck market in China. And it's been both a market benefit as well as a content benefit. About half of our growth over the past couple of years has been content driven. And I think it's what our teams have done, that I've been very pleased with. What we have seen is certainly China from a truck perspective, we do expect that to be down. So we are going to get impact of that as well as the supply chain effects that go with that. So China is a big driver of it, that drives that overall market with where it has shifted. If you look at that business today, that business today is about 30% China, the rest of it would be in the West, between Europe and America. So I think it's one of the things that was a much smaller penetration for us historically. I think it's a real success. And a lot of content win there but the market is  we see some market changes there.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay, thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to the line of Deepa Raghavan of Wells Fargo Securities.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning, Deepa.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Wanted to talk about free cash flow a little bit more in detail. Just given all the incremental cost actions that you're taking, would that be a little bit more of a headwind to free cash flow into 2019. And the second part to that is, I don't know the cash profile of your SubCom business, just curious how does your free cash flow settle for 2019 just given your incremental cost actions and your SubCom exit? Thank you?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Deepa, good question. So, relative to the amount of restructuring cash as I mentioned, we guided throughout 2018 that the P&L impact on restructuring to be about $150 million. You can assume about 75% of that was real cash versus, I'll say, non-cash charges inside there. We ended the year about $140 million. I would tell you that if you're modeling, I think $150 million is probably a good number as we think about it. As we progress through the year, we'll keep everyone updated if that number changes and we update our forecasts relative to that. But I don't see relative to how we thought about the cash flow impact of the restructuring in 2019 to have a material difference from how it impacted us in 2018 from a cash perspective. The biggest benefit we're going to get from cash perspective is certainly working capital back off now that we're at, I'll say, more moderate growth rates versus the organic trends that we had been at. And that will have a more significant impact driving our cash higher. As we think about SubCom, SubCom is a business that, at times, very lumpy cash flow. So the cash flow in that business did not always follow necessarily where revenue and profit followed in that business just by the nature of when you receive progress payments and money that was received upfront from time to time as well as when projects were commissioned you might receive a windfall towards the back end of a project. So it was very lumpy as we think about that business in 2018 relative to 2019. Obviously we've pulled those numbers out from a discontinued operations perspective, but not going to have a significant impact from how I would think about cash conversion.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Deepa. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Sir, your line is open.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Hi. Yeah. Sorry about that. Good morning.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Steve.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Hi. So a couple questions from me, please. First of all, obviously there's been a pretty sizable change in the industry's outlook for auto production. It sounds like some of it is actually related to some spot plant shutdowns. So I'm trying to understand like the risk between now and the end of the year that you see maybe some more unexpected plant shutdowns, how much that is already factored into your guidance. And then how you would deal with sort of that to avoid extra inefficiencies? And then I had a follow-up.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah, well, Steve, first off, we've taken the data that we see here and from our customer interactions as well as where do we see order forecasts. So we have all of that that when you look at here and you sort of say before the end of the year, I'm assuming calendar year, we get orders from our customers because it is a just-in-time industry that's there. So feel that what we've gone out with reflects those shutdowns certainly that we saw some of it taking advantage of Europe specifically and that was also the WLTP, which I think is less around Europe shutdowns, but certainly regulation and I think everybody's trying catch up on. So I feel that where we've guided reflects the areas that we've heard from our customers. And what we've been doing, as Heath mentioned, is there are areas when you get an adjustment like that, we have to adjust our operations for. And that's what we're doing across auto it is, so business is going to grow at 5%, mid-single digits next year in a flat environment. So when we look at it, we have to adjust from running at 10% like we had almost this year down to about half of that growth and that's what we're working through right now.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hi, Will.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. The last time we had a meaningful slowdown in automotive, that is the credit crisis and I'm certainly not saying that's what unraveling today. But during that time, we saw a pretty significant inventory reduction across the supply chain, that triggered meaningfully below unit growth for your transport sales despite the content growth story that was in full swing at that time as well. So it sounds like you think that the current environment is sort of a one and done pause quarter or maybe something like that, very short but very small. What gives you the confidence to guide that way for at least that's how it feels for the year? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Well, I think a couple things, Will, I think you have to get at where auto builds have bid and some of it is last year's first quarter was very strong builds. We could see moderation occur here, adjusting like we said a little bit in Europe, a little bit in China. North America has been flat for three years. So I don't think we've been in an accelerating automotive environment. We've been in a decelerating auto production environment when it comes to growth for multi-years now. Certainly, we thought it was going to be more like 1% to 2% growth going into 2019. It's a little bit sharper. It's down to zero, so I do think auto production has been adjusting and, from that viewpoint, we think it's appropriate. When you look at auto production, we see it basically being about 24 million units the first three quarters and then actually going to 22 million units like it normally does. So when we look at our flat, some of that's related to compares of where do we see production and, certainly, there are pauses in places like Europe, right now with WLTP and certainly China is adjusting. But we expect they should have low-single-digit growth, it's nowhere close to the growth it had three, four years ago.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thanks, Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We have a follow-up from the line of Joe Giordano of Cowen.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the follow-up here.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Joe.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Just, I know you guys are generally pretty conservative in your guide, but let's just say we do have a further deterioration in end market conditions and you guys do have a pretty high volume, fixed cost base. Given the spending that you're planning on doing to right-size everything, how quickly could you tamper spending to kind of deal with a slower growth environment than you're currently contemplating?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Well, Joe, I think it's a fair question. Certainly, we contemplate a lot of different scenarios as we put together these plans and the teams rally around in terms of levers that can be pulled. There are levers that we're pulling now relative to just the overall softening of the general macro situation and everything we've talked about over the last hour. There will be additional levers that certainly we have queued up that if things worsened and you expect us to pull those. So, how quickly can we pull them? Well, pretty quickly. We have  this wouldn't be starting from scratch. We've done the work and we've taken a look at it but no different than you would expect us to in preparing the company for various types of macro conditions. At the same time, we will balance out the growth. We're not  these are businesses and we start talking about things like automotive across the board and aerospace and so forth that when you're running programs and you're being spec'ed in to programs with our customers that sometimes you're going to have to swallow hard in the near-term to be successful in the long-term. And I think if you look at our history of that, even well before I got here, the company has done a good job of balancing that out to make sure that we keep our customers happy and that we don't lose something because of shortsightedness. So there will be a balance. There are some self-help things that certainly we will execute on and have been executing on and you'll see those start to be reflected in the financial results. At the same time, there's a level of agility that we talk about internally and that we have queued up to allow us to pull those levers when and if they happen.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Looks like we have no further questions. So I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. If you do have follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after 10:30 AM Eastern Time today running through midnight on Wednesday, November 7. You may access the AT&T replay system by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 454471. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code of 454471. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd. Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd. Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.
Analysts: Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Tristan Margot - Cowen and Company, LLC Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Matthew John Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Q3 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, the telephone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions-and-answers with instructions given at that time. And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference call over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter 2018 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we'll be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, due to the increasing number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We're happy to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue and ask second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence, for opening comments.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Sujal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today to cover our third quarter results and updated outlook for 2018. Before I get into the earnings slides, let me briefly recap our quarterly results and full year guide against the elements of our strategy and business model. Our results in the quarter demonstrate successful executions, with ongoing investments to support an attractive and growing demand pipeline and another quarter of growth above markets in which we serve. On the top line, we delivered 6% organic growth in the third quarter and we also expect 6% organic growth at our midpoint for the full year and this is at the upper end of our 4% to 6% long-term organic growth target. Our revenue growth continues to be driven by secular trends and our focus on co-creating with our customers by leveraging our leading global position in this increasingly connected world and this is enabling TE to consistently outgrow our end markets. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share increased by 15% and we're raising the midpoint of our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance which also reflects 15% growth over the prior year. This growth is consistent with our annual double-digit earnings growth target and our business model. From a capital perspective, our strategy remains balanced through share buybacks, dividends, as well as a disciplined approach on acquisitions, and we continue to invest to support the organic growth opportunities in our business while maintaining ROIC levels in the mid-teens. So if you could, let's move to the slides, and I'll start with slide 3 to review the highlights from our third quarter. We did deliver performance above our guidance with double-digit growth in revenue as well as adjusted earnings per share. Sales were $3.8 billion representing 12% reported growth and 6% organic growth year-over-year. We saw organic growth across all TE's businesses with the exception of SubCom. In Transportation, we grew 12% organically, well above our markets, with growth in each of our three businesses in the segment, as well as in all regions. In Industrial Solutions, we grew 5% organically with growth across all businesses and also in all regions and our Communications segment declined 6% organically as we expected. We did have 10% combined organic growth in data and devices and our appliances business, and this was more than offset by SubCom year-over-year declines. On the earnings side, from a margin perspective, in quarter three, we delivered 16.7% adjusted operating margins, with margin expansion in both the Transportation and Industrial segments. And one of the key highlights of the quarter was that our Industrial segment margins were up strong 150 basis points year-over-year. In the Communications segment, margins declined as we expected due to SubCom where we had a tough year-over-year comparison versus very strong revenue in the third quarter last year, along with a margin impact from the program delay that we highlighted back in our first quarter earnings call. The SubCom dynamics negatively impacted our adjusted operating margin by 90 basis points year-over-year in the quarter. And when I look at our overall earnings, I'm very proud that we delivered 15% adjusted earnings per share growth, even with this headwind. Earnings per share growth was an adjusted $1.43 and when you look at it, it's driven primarily by operational performance as well as the benefit from a favorable impact of currency translation. Turning to the full year, we are raising our revenue and earnings per share guidance, reflecting stronger third quarter results, offset by incremental headwinds that are primarily due to foreign currency exchange rates, which changed from being a tailwind in the first three quarters to a headwind in our fourth quarter versus the prior year. For the full year, we expect sales to be up 12% on a reported basis and 6% organically, with adjusted earnings per share of $5.57, which is up 15% of midpoint, which looks a lot like the quarterly three results we just delivered. And when I think about this year and the progress that we made in perspective, the guide we gave back at the beginning of the year back in November was 4% organic growth and $5.23 of adjusted earnings per share versus the 6% organic growth and 15% EPS growth that I just talked about. So let's turn to slide 4 and I'll cover order trends in detail. As you can see when you look at the slide, we continue to see broad-based growth in orders across our three segments, which reinforce our growth outlook. Total orders excluding SubCom were $3.75 billion and our book-to-bill was 1.05. Orders were up 15% year-over-year on a reported basis and 9% organically. We continue to see growth globally with increases in organic orders in all regions. And by region, we had 16% order growth in the Americas; 8% Asian; and 4% in Europe. Turning to orders by segment, in Transportation, orders increased 8% organically, with growth in all regions led by double-digit increases in both Asia and the Americas. In Industrial, our orders grew strong 12% organically year-over-year, with momentum in our aerospace, defense and marine business and strong order growth in our medical business. And in our Communications segment excluding SubCom, we saw year-over-year organic orders growth of 8% with growth across all regions and in both of the businesses. So if you could please turn to slide 5, let me get into segment results and we'll start with Transportation. Transportation sales grew 12% organically year-over-year, with strong growth in each of our three businesses. Our auto sales were up 10% organically on 4% global auto production growth in the quarter. Our strong growth above market continues to illustrate the positive impact of content growth in our auto business along with the benefits of our global leadership position. We had 16% organic growth in the Americas, 11% growth in China, and 9% growth in Europe, as we continue to benefit from our new project long titles (08:48) as well as share gains. Our performance continues to reflect content growth from the secular trends in this market, and we expect to benefit as adoption increases for both connected and electric vehicles. We continue to increase our investment to support TE's momentum in these emerging growth applications. And we're extremely well-positioned with leading edge solutions and an increasing pipeline and design wins across our global OEMs. In our commercial transportation business, we continue to outperform the market with organic revenue growth of 22% year-over-year, with balanced growth across all regions and strong growth within each submarket. We continue to see momentum in the heavy truck areas, as well as growth in the agriculture, mining and construction markets. And in sensors, our business grew 8% organically year-over-year with growth across auto, commercial transportation and industrial applications. This growth is driven by the design wins we've been discussing over the past two years. And we continue to see strong design win momentum particularly in auto applications. In fiscal 2018, our year-to-date, we generated $600 million of new sensor design wins in auto applications. This brings the total design win value to $1.8 billion since the beginning of 2016 across a broad spectrum of auto sensor technologies and applications, which will certainly set the business up for strong growth as we've talked to you about. Turning to operating margin for the segment, margins were in line with expectations at 19.3%, and they were up 20 basis points year-over-year and reflect investments to capitalize on our strong design win momentum in both connectors and sensors. So please turn to slide 6 and we'll discuss our Industrial Solutions segment. Segment sales grew 9% on a reported basis and 5% organically as we expected. Adjusted operating margins were 14.4% and expanded 150 basis points year-over-year from operating leverage on higher revenue. As we talked to you about, we are in a multi-year journey to optimize our factory footprint and lower expenses to expand adjusted operating margins into the high-teens in the segment. And I really feel the results you see in this quarter show the progress that we're making on this journey. So let me move to highlight the performance by business in the segment. In industrial equipment, organic growth was 6%, which is in line with our mid-single-digit targeted long-term growth rate. We saw growth across all regions and strength in both factory automation and medical applications. In our AD&M business, we saw 6% organic growth, driven by commercial aerospace and defense, and we continue to see growth in both of these markets, as defense continues to improve. In energy, our business grew 2% on an organic basis and this was driven by strength in the Americas offset by weakness outside the United States. So please turn to slide 7 and I'll discuss our Communications Solutions segment. As I said earlier, the segment declined 6%, which was in line with our expectations and driven by the year-over-year declines in our SubCom business. Our momentum in our data and devices and applications (sic) [appliances] (12:30) businesses remain strong. And they have both company organic growth of 10% on a combined basis. In data and devices, we grew 11% organically, with growth across all regions, driven by high speed connectivity and data center applications and content growth from electronification trends, where TE is providing integrated solutions. In our appliances business, we continued our strong performance with 9% organic growth, with growth in all regions and continued share gains. We continue to benefit from the secular trends that include safety, efficiency and miniaturization in the appliance market, as well as leveraging our leading global position. And in SubCom, our revenue declined to $184 million. The primary contributor to the year-over-year decline in SubCom was a tough comparison versus the third quarter last year, which we had revenue of $270 million in the quarter. Overall, this market remains in the healthy elongated cycle we've been talking about and our backlog remains at $1 billion. For the segment, adjusted operating margins were 11.9%, and as we discussed over the past couple of quarters, segment margins are running below our targeted mid-teen operating margins due to the delayed SubCom program ramp and the project accounting nature of this business. With that, I'll turn it over to Heath, and get into the financials.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q3 financials. Adjusted operating income was $628 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 16.7%, leveraging the strong growth of 6%. GAAP operating income was $558 million and included $65 million of restructuring and other charges and $5 million of acquisition charges. For the full year, I continue to expect the restructuring charges of approximately $150 million, driven primarily by activity in our Industrial Solutions segment, as we optimize our footprint and make structural improvements in SG&A across the company. This is consistent with what we've talked about in the past. Adjusted EPS of $1.43, up a very strong 15% year-over-year, is driven by sales growth as well as the benefit from currency translation. GAAP EPS was $1.29 for the quarter included restructuring and other charges of $0.13 as well as acquisition related charges of $0.01. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q3 was 16.9%. Looking ahead, we do expect a sequential increase in rates in Q4, resulting in our full year adjusted tax rate in the 18% to 19% range. Longer term, you should continue to view our tax rate at approximately 20%. Now, if I get you to turn to slide 9, adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 32.4%, with year-over-year decline driven primarily by SubCom where Terrence outlined the moving pieces earlier. Given the relative strength of the rest of our portfolio, I'm pleased that we were able to offset SubCom driven margin pressure and maintain our overall adjusted operating margins from 16.7%. In the quarter, cash from operations was a strong $800 million and free cash flow was $504 million. On a year-to-date basis, cash from operations is up 5% versus last year, and year-to-date free cash flow reflects the impact from increased capital investments. As I mentioned last quarter, given the rich pipeline of organic opportunities, we are increasing our capital investment this year to be approximately 6% of sales. And as you know, this investment is for growth and is the highest return on investment for the company. We continue to target mid-teens adjusted ROIC and have seen nice improvement year-over-year in ROIC and I'm pleased with those results. We also returned $382 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And we've included a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. So before I turn this back to Terrence, let me just share our perspective on the trading policy and tariffs, as there are obviously many questions. While some of our products are directly affected by recently implemented U.S. tariffs, only a very small percentage of TE products are actually impacted. Our strategy has always been to manufacture close to our customers to be aligned with our customers' supply chain strategies. Our global position and footprint helps mitigate TE from tariffs impacts. However, for those products that are impacted, we're committed to working closely with our customers to minimize the impact and we are proactively looking at a combination of actions including further optimizing current supply chains, continuing to leverage our global manufacturing footprint and in some cases, implementing surcharges to customers. I would like to reiterate that, as a global company, TE is a proponent of free and open trade, tariffs and restricted trade policies create friction, uncertainty and added cost for businesses engaged in global markets. So we'll provide an update on any future impacts when we issue our fiscal 2019 guidance later this year and give you a sense for any impact that they would have in terms of future year guidance. With that, I'm going to turn it back over to Mr. Curtin.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Heath. And let me get into guidance and we'll start with the fourth quarter on slide 10. When you look at the fourth quarter, we expect fourth quarter revenue of $3.59 billion to $3.69 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.31 to $1.33. At the midpoint, this represents reported and organic sales growth of 5% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 6%. We do expect our fourth quarter look like a lot like our third quarter, with the exception of currency and tax impacts. When you think about the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar, we now expect the year-over-year currency exchange headwind of approximately $50 million and $0.02 in the quarter. Currency has been a tailwind for the first three quarters of the year, so that is going to flip. In addition, our expected tax rate has a headwind of $0.02 versus the prior year, so operationally, quarter four looks pretty similar to quarter three. If you move by segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to grow high single-digits on both a reported and organic basis, driven by all three businesses. In Industrial Solutions, we expect to grow mid-single-digits organically, with growth across all businesses in line with our long-term model. And in Communications, we expect to be down low single-digits, with continued above market growth in both data and devices and appliances and we expect SubCom revenue being at similar revenue levels as we just had in the third quarter. So let me turn to the full year and if you can move to slide 11, please. For the full year, we now expect full year revenue of $14.58 billion to $14.68 billion, representing $1.5 billion of increased revenue year-over-year. At our midpoint, this represents 12% reported and 6% organic growth. If you take the $1.5 billion of increased revenue and break it down, this is about $850 million due to organic growth. We're also benefiting $250 million from mergers and acquisitions, and the benefit of about $400 million from currency translation. From an adjusted earnings per share, our growth is expected to be up 15% at midpoint, driven by the flow through from our sales growth, as well as the benefit of currency translation. Versus our prior guidance, we're increasing revenue slightly at the midpoint and adjusted earnings per share is up $0.02 to $5.57. We expect our strong performance that we had in quarter three, to be partially offset by the stronger dollar and a slightly weaker outlook for SubCom. So let me get into color by our segments and our full year guidance. We expect our Transportation Solutions segment to be up in the high-teens on a reported basis and up low double-digits organically on assumption of approximately 2% global auto production growth in 2019. Our outperformance continues to reflect the content growth and share gains that we talked to you about and the momentum that we have. In commercial transportation, we expect to continue outperform our end market and we expect continued growth in sensors based upon the pipeline of wins that I highlighted for you earlier. In Industrial Solutions, it's essentially unchanged from our prior guidance, with reported growth expected to be up high single-digits and organic growth up mid-single-digits. The primary growth drivers remain industrial equipment, commercial air as well as defense. And in Communications, we continue to expect Communications to be down low single-digits on both a reported and an organic basis, with growth in data and devices and appliances being more than offset by the clients in SubCom. We continue to expect strong combined organic growth in data and devices and appliances for the year. So before we go into questions, I just want to highlight some key takeaways as I think about the cold (22:31). I think we continue to execute very well against our strategy and business model and expect to deliver 6% organic growth and 15% adjusted EPS growth for the full year, which is in line with our business model. We continue to benefit broadly from global secular trends and consistently driving growth ahead of the markets we serve. And you see that through the broad growth we have in the business and the businesses that I highlighted today. We continue to look at increasing our investments to support organic growth and our attractive and growing pipeline of design wins, particularly in auto, is going to continue to support future organic growth, and Heath talked about the increase in capital up to 6% and that's the key indicator, as we continue to make that be our best investment. For the full year, we expect our Transportation margins to be at our target level of approximately 20% and in the strong margin expansion year-over-year that we demonstrated at Industrial I think is a really good step of where we're going with the margin in that segment. And the Communications segment, it's going to be a drag on TE margin in 2018, due to the program delay that we talked to you about in SubCom. Also, I think it's key that we're generating strong cash flow and we're maintaining a balanced capital strategy and we're improving ROIC about 1 point this year. And the multiple levers that we continually review with you remain intact to drive continued double-digit earnings growth that will drive further value creation for our earnings. So as we close, the one last thing I want to do is I do want to thank our employees around the world for their execution in the third quarter, as well as their continued commitment to our customers and making sure we create a future that's safer, sustainable, productive and connected. So Sujal, with that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Allan, can you give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: Absolutely. Our first question will come from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, please.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you. A question for Heath on the Industrial margins, the 150-basis-point year-over-year increase looks like mostly probably operating leverage in the business, yet you're talking about some of the restructuring activities and more of a forward look in terms of footprint. So could you just talk about what you're seeing today and then how you envision Industrial margins going forward?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Craig, thanks for the question. Honestly, the improvement that you've seen not just in this quarter, but for the full year outlook for 2018 for our Industrial margins, there is some belt tightening in there, but largely, we're seeing the benefit of the organic growth flow through. And as the businesses, as you know, we got all business units growing in that segment. I would tell you that the charges that we're incurring today relative to restructuring generally have about a two-year payback. Some of these are outside the U.S., which tends to lengthen the payback period as you know. So the restructuring activity and the benefit from those, which we've talked pretty extensively about to all of you, really starts to kick in more in 2019 and much more pointedly in 2020, as some of these big facility moves are completed. So keep in mind that what we've talked externally about is about a 300-basis-point journey on operating margin expansion there. Certainly, we attributed about two-thirds of that towards footprint optimization and about a third of that through the flow through on the growth side. We're seeing the growth side of it now and the restructuring piece is yet to come. But we're pleased with the team's progress there, there's been a real heightened focus.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay, thank you, Craig.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Go ahead.
Tristan Margot - Cowen and Company, LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. This is Tristan in for Joe. You had a very strong operational result that was somewhat, I guess, masked by the SubCom business. It was expected but (27:07). Are you looking to maybe be a bit more proactive on a potential divestment there?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you for your question. And as you all know that, while it's a good question, it's not a new question. Our SubCom business is a unique asset that I've always told you about. While it's a good business, it is a business that is unique. So it's a business we feel, as long as we own it, we have to operate it. But it is something we always look at if there were offers on it. Clearly, we've said this for a long time, there hasn't been. But as we own it, it needs to be run. And when you look at this year, we expected the business to be down overall, going from a very healthy level of $1 billion. And we told you earlier $700 million to $800 million. Certainly it's at the low end of that range. We feel good about the cycle that we're in. I mean, it is a healthy cycle, and you see that in our backlog. But clearly, the disappointment this year in that business is the program delay that we teed up early in the year that is impacting our margin. It's also slowed things down. We do expect that program to wrap up in 2019. And we feel, as we go forward, it will be performing more like it has performed in the past than it is this year. So feel good about where the business is positioned to where it is in the cycle. Certainly, this program delay that we've had around new technology has created a headwind that I'm very proud that the rest of the business has been able to make up for, as we've had margin expansion in both Transportation and a strong step that Heath talked about to the prior question. So we'll continue to work through it. We always look at alternatives for SubCom, but I've been saying that since I've been CFO here for 10 years. So thanks for the question.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Tristan. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll next go to the line of David Leiker with Baird. Go ahead.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: When we look at Transportation organic growth and try to reconcile what that is relative to end market production, it looks like your above market growth is going to be around 9% this year. It was 9% last year. So just relative to the guidance of 4% to 6% content growth, it certainly seems like it has been better than that. It can sustainably be better than that. Why can't TE sustain a high single-digit level of out-growth, above and beyond this 4% to 6% target?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you for your question. And when we look at it, as we just shared with you back in our Investor Day, we think long-term that 4% to 6% is right above production. When you look at this quarter, production was a little bit stronger this quarter. It was up about 400 basis points in the quarter, and we grew about 10% in automotive. I think the key is we continue to invest in the design wins that we have. You're going to continue to see and even if we think about like next year, we still view the world is going to have about a 2% production environment. So when you sit there and you think about that 2% production environment similar to this year, I think you would be in the high single-digits in that type of production environment based upon the momentum we have in the design wins and that we're investing behind. So when we look at it, we feel the momentum we have, not only from what we do and the wins we have, but also where we're globally positioned to capitalize for any little moves that happen on global production. It's one of the great things about our businesses, our global deployment and our customer breadth.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: That will come from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Go ahead.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. So back to SubCom, I think the production and approval process has been resolved relative to that project. So just wondering how the visibility is shaping up for magnitude, degree, and certainty around margin tailwind for that segment into next year, maybe on a neutral rev basis? And then separately, view to backlog converting to some revenue lift there.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: So a couple of things. The backlog is strong as I've mentioned, around $1 billion. So I think when you look at next year, I think it's fair to say to your assumption, it looks a lot like this year at the top line. And what we expect that you'll see is as this program works off, it is a program that will work off in 2019, you will get the margin lift. And I think you need to think about it as the Communications segment. And you'll see segment margin to move up from what are right now sub-12% back up into the mid-teens that we've talked to you about for the segment. And you'll see that in the next year.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: And that will come from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Terrence, can you address what some of the puts and takes were in the Transportation segment as it pertains to margins? Did it take down a bit in the quarter? You called out some of the investments to drive future growth. I was wondering if you can help be a little more specific on what those are? And any color on the magnitude of those investments and possibility of ongoing higher base of investments. Thanks.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah, thanks, Wamsi. I guess, first of all, I want to be clear. Our margin in Transportation came in where we expected. So I don't believe it was a surprise to us where the margin came in at. And we do expect for the year it'll be at that 20%, which we've always told you plus or minus 1 point where it would be. So I feel actually good about the margin in the business. There are investments that we've talked to you about. Heath talked about CapEx increasing up to 6%, that's primarily in our Transportation business and, clearly, when we spend capital, that goes in to gross margin. But I want to go back maybe to the question that was asked earlier. The organic engine that we've had in automotive is very significant. Certainly, we talk about it in percentages, but just to frame it a little bit, we grew organically our Transportation business by $700 million last year. We're doing it by $800 million this year. And that's really a north of 20% increase in that one business over the past two years, if you really go back. And we are, having to make sure we keep up with those type of demand profiles, and also putting the capacity in for the pipelines we have. So we have increased up CapEx, we have increased up R&D and, now, you'll see that in quarters, you'll have timing off a little bit, but we are completely committed to the 20% plus or minus, and we're going to continue to make the investments for what is the best return which is organic growth, and we've been doing that and we're going to continue to highlight that for you. But thank you for the question.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank, you, Wamsi. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: And that will come from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Go ahead, please.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi, morning everybody.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Shawn.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Just on kind of the third quarter versus fourth quarter dynamics, particularly maybe in Transportation, but in any of the other businesses, do you feel as if there was any maybe pull forward of demand? And the reason I ask that is it feels like seasonality is coming back into the business maybe that we haven't seen over the past 12 to 24 months.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Shawn, this is Heath. There is some typical seasonality specifically in auto that generally makes Q4 a little bit lower than Q3. But generally, as we look at it, our third quarter and our fourth quarter look pretty similar in terms of our outlook. The challenge is in terms of the earnings side is that FX turns on us and goes from being a tailwind to a headwind, and then, tax is significantly higher in the fourth quarter, so the two of those together worth about $0.10 sequentially in terms of the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. Otherwise, when you kind of look around the other businesses, they look pretty similar and we're just battling some of the, I'll say, non-operational pieces and, obviously, some of the things from SubCom that Terrence has already highlighted.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Shawn. We have the next question, please.
Operator: Yeah, sure, that will come from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Thanks a lot. Good morning, guys. I guess...
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hi Amit.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Terrence, I think you talked about $1.8 billion of total design wins you've had and I think there was a commentary on sensors specifically. What's the cadence do you think of that revenues under ramp over time? And I realized you've had really good growth, sensors have been 7%, 8% for a few quarters, but do you see that stepping up to maybe double-digits as you go next year given the backlog and the design wins you're sitting at?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. When you look at it, Amit, thanks for the question, and I think it's very similar to what we've been telling you. What's great is the amount I'm talking about is an automotive online. So we also  you saw on the growth outside of automotive and sensors was very strong as well. But in automotive, you know how these programs come in. You start winning them, they take two, three years to actually start from production and they ramp, and so, as we told you back at Investor Day is we do expect you're going to start seeing double-digit growth in our automotive as these layer in. They will layer in over time. Certainly, programs ramp over time. And, in many ways, it supports how we're going to get north of $5 per vehicle in sensor content that we talked to you about. So I think the momentum that we've had just continues to be that the pipeline that we built, the technologies that we acquired with MEAS are we're able to get to our commercial teams and really make sure we're creating value and that's layering in and I feel very good about the momentum to really make sure of that sensors in automotive, you're going to continue to see nice growth as these things come into production and get built to our customers.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Amit. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go now to the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hi, Jim.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I know you gave some nice comments on the global tariff and M&A, but I wanted to see if you had any actually discussions or actually any actions with some of your customers. I know like in the Industrial segment, there's been some recent news of some industrial companies talking about higher cost of goods sold by steel and aluminum tariffs. Are they talking to you about changing the location of manufacturing, supply relationships or anything going on actively on that front? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah, Jim, thanks for the question. And to give some example, so number one, we are not a steel user. As you all know, we start from base metals, particularly copper and gold, and certainly, resins that we use and certainly, that's what our engineers use as a lot of our basic building blocks. So on the input costs while we have a little bit of tariffs, it's not that big. Really, the discussions we have with our customers and you know our model. Our model is to design close to our customers, and then, be aligned to their supply chain. So in regard to where we serve our customer directly, there is lots of discussions around supply chain. Do we need to be moving some of production to certain parts to as they look at their supply chain, as well as just the whole logistics flow, because there are logistic flows that I think people are trying to understand is there a way to work the tariffs that away. So they are real live discussion. As you know, it's very fluid. In areas where it is unavoidable, then we have tariffs or things that we go through our channel partners, there will be surcharges for tariffs that we cannot mitigate through manufacturing moves or supply chain moves. And that will be a surcharge, if we would do out or it's unavoidable. So that's where it is right now. As you can imagine, with somebody that sells more than 500,000 discrete SKUs, it is very tactical right now. It's very much a lot of engagement with our customers, which I feel very fortunate with our closed business model with our customers. We're going to work with them to make sure that they can stay competitive and if we have to move some things around for the long-term, we will. So, thanks, Jim.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Jim. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Go ahead.
Matthew John Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, thanks, and good morning. So question on regarding some of the supply chain issues that we're hearing about specifically component shortages, capacitor shortages whether seem to be hitting some of the EMS companies. Are you seeing any rescheduling or any mismatch of parts to customers that may be affecting your business?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No, Matt. So, as you know, we don't do those passive.
Matthew John Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: So we've not seen any rescheduling. Clearly, there is shortages in certain areas. Capacity is sold out. We've not seen any impact and you can see that in our orders, we've not seen demand impacts. As we told you before, our lead time overall has remained relatively stable, but we do have some pockets instead of product categories that we are extended just due to how the demand has increased. But I would say that's a minor part of our business, but we have not seen any demand changes where our customers told us, because they can't get a capacitor or another type of passive that they want us to stop shipping or slowdown. We have not seen that in any material way.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, please.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Question on subsea. I think it had been a 50 bps drag to the corporate margin last quarter and if I heard correctly, Terrence, you said it's about 90 bps this past quarter. So if I better understand, the reason is maybe a bit larger of an impact now and just to clarify on how we should think about that improving. Should we think about the magnitude of the impact of the 2018 on a somewhat linear basis, as we move through fiscal 2019 or does the magnitude stay at this kind of a level, and it's not until the program is done that it then goes away?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No, Mark. Mark, let me add some color and thanks for your question. The difference between 90 basis points and the 50 basis points is really  so our SubCom business had a great quarter last third quarter. It had $270 million of revenue. So that 90 basis points I referenced was really a year-over-year reference of what it did in TE's margin year-over-year. So that's what that 90 basis points is. The 50 basis points, you're right, that's the program delay impact that we've been seeing at the total company level what the impact has been. So that 90 basis points is very high volume last year, certainly, good flow through on it, just getting the volume more normalized, but the 50 basis points is correct on the program delay. On linearity, I think when you look at it, it's going to be as the program wraps up, and that program will wrap up. And what you'll have is as that program wraps up, you'll see margin increase and work its way up back to where we expect the segment to be, and that'll be through 2019.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Mark.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Mark. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Pardon me. We'll go to the line of William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Two quick ones. First, I think you mentioned resins a moment ago. Our contacts have indicated that costs for these and maybe some other input materials have been rising. So I'm not talking about shortages of caps that would be sort of a not related to your supply chain is related to your supply chain, and I'm wondering if that's impacting margins at all and whether you're adjusting prices in response to that through the channel. Thank you.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: William, this is Heath. When we went out with our original guidance for the year, we talked some about what was embedded in our guidance and that was about $0.10 a share of pressure on our earnings relative to commodity inflation. And as you know, we have hedging programs in place and everything, so you don't see a ton of volatility up or down based on the way it kind of smooths into our cost structure. However, your point is valid. There is some pressure out there on some of the commodities, metals and resins, and we're  its impact is  $0.10 is probably grown to closer to $0.12 as you see reflect in our results where we've got productivity programs in place and we're going after it, but there's a little bit of additional headwinds, especially as we exit the year on that. But the team is focused. We've got a world-class supply chain organization that's going after it and challenging some of those things. And where we do have more of those types of pressures that we have to realize, certainly, our commercial teams are in sync on that relative to price increases. And you would expect price seem to stay pretty similar, but we have opportunities to raise price, especially through our distribution channel and those types of things. Those are proactively being done, some of it in context of the commodities inflation, the input side. And then, onboard, we have direct relationships. Certainly, those are fluid dialogues, but it's not lost on our customers either in terms of how we recover there and/or sharing some of the pinch points, but we're geared up pretty well to handle these types of pieces. And as we get closer to 2019, William, what I would say is certainly, we'll quantify that again. But you shouldn't expect us to be using this as a major excuse, because we're going to be ramping up our material sourcing programs as well to offset some of those pressures. But I appreciate the question.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Will. Next question?
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo. Go ahead.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Deepa.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey. Good cost controls on the SG&A line. Just curious if those are from some of the structural changes you were targeting? Or was there something temporary this quarter, example, belt tightening just given forex headwinds, et cetera?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Deepa, I appreciate the question. This is Heath. If you're looking at our operating expenses in general, whether that's SG&A, a component of that, or in total, certainly, we're tightening the belt. And we've talked about some of the activity that we've done to reduce structurally our SG&A. That still is in place and that will continue forward as we're looking at a lot of different opportunities and there's a high focus on that. Having said that, I think the quarter came in a little bit lighter than what I thought. I would look at it more on a full year basis and the relative improvement that we're targeting. We've talked about taking a full 100-and-change basis points out of our operating expense structure. Certainly, we're ahead of that in the quarter, but I'd say that when you look at a more normal  full year normalized basis, where that's still part of the journey.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Deepa. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hi, Sherri.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Terrence, if you look at the business environment, we've been in a relatively strong business environment. And we've seen some benefits for TE in the Transportation and Industrial segments. I guess when we think about the fourth quarter guidance, there's a bit of a deceleration in organic growth expectation. Can you maybe talk to what's driving that slight deceleration? Is it related to the business environment? Maybe some commentary on what you're seeing on demand trends and what's driving that. Thanks.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No, actually, Sherri, thanks for the question. Honestly, I don't see that we're seeing deceleration. I think one of the things  while our organic growth has changed, I think one of the things is SubCom also had a very strong fourth quarter last year as well as third [quarter]. You really take our organic growth without SubCom, we would have told you 9% this quarter instead of 6% and 8% in the fourth quarter versus 5%. So we will still have SubCom having a strong fourth quarter last year. So when we look across and it goes back to my order activity, what we see is while auto production has been bouncing around 2%, the content wins that we see clearly are staying where they're at. Markets that we see continuing to have very strong momentum in addition to auto. Sensors we talked about during the call, as well as commercial aerospace, defense, medical, we really see strength in those markets. And certainly, in where we are affected by the cloud, like our data and devices, we continue to see strong momentum, and we would expect that to continue. I think the markets we continually talk to you about, that we would say the lead, they have to get to a more normalized growth. Certainly, our industrial transportation business, our appliance business and our industrial factory automation business looks like it's getting there sort of where we are. You saw the growth this quarter, it's good. So they're the only three that when we look at and we say, we're waiting for them to get to more normalized growth, because we are benefiting from some supply chain bump-ups. And I think as we look going forward, we expect they'll get to a more normalized growth pattern. But net-net, I would say it's very healthy, you saw it in the book-to-bill, you saw it in our order rates being double-digit, you saw the broad based nature of it. That, it's still a very constructive economic environment, but in some of our businesses, we're not going to grow 20% a year for four years. It has to normalize.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Sherri. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: And that will come from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, please.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking a follow-up question. Follow-up question was on the automotive end market. Realize TE had very good results in the quarter. Some of the supply chain like Dimewar and OSRAM (50:34) have lowered their guidance. So I'm curious, did TE see any impact and was just able to overcome it? Or did you not see an impact at all?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No, we really didn't see an impact because of our global position, so no different than we told you throughout the year, 2% auto production. And while certain customers may have had some things they talked about, our revenue has been staying pretty steady. And if you look at us operationally, both versus even 90 days ago, our Transportation top line is going to be pretty similar for 2018 that we told you 90 days ago. So and it's broad-based, it's broad-based across regions. So I feel very good about where we position ourselves. Certainly, we have something that's unique with the content and where we play both into the connected car and the electric vehicle trends, not everybody in the supply base has that opportunity. So maybe they had some of those impacts. But I feel the content momentum we've had as well as our global position always gives us an opportunity to be isolated from one-off small events.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Mark. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to Deepa Raghavan's line from Wells Fargo for a follow-up question.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for the follow-up for me too. Heath, Terrence, could you slice up some of the possible forex headwinds into fiscal 2019? And is there a sensitivity we should be thinking about, so we could right-size our models just given the inflection point here? Thank you.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Deepa. And it's a fair question. We're obviously working it real time. If you look at the basket of currencies that we have, you've got to kind of look at when those kicked in in terms of the weakening and the strengthening dollar against that basket. Certainly, at this point, it turns into a year-over-year headwind in our fourth quarter, which is the quarter we're sitting in today. And then, as we get into next year, it has a little bit less of a pointed impact at today's rates in our early part of fiscal 2019. And then it starts to kick in as a much more pointed headwind in the latter part of our second and third quarter. Again, as rates get today, we're not economists, we're not trying to predict what the dollar is going to do. But we'll quantify that as part of the guidance. I would tell you though that it will be a net headwind for the full year 2019. We are not at the point to quantify that externally yet though, but  and we'll keep an eye on what the dollar does.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Deepa. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: And another follow-up question from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Heath, I guess, when I look at the total restructuring initiative, I think $150 million is the number you guys have talked about. How do I think about the payback and when do you get the savings from that into your model? And very specifically, on the Industrial side, let's say revenues are flat in 2019, how much costs do you think you've taken out of the model to margins? I'm trying to figure out how much could margins go up in Industrial specifically even if you don't have revenue tailwind from the cost reduction initiatives.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Well, Amit, good question. The dollars that you see us incurring now relative to restructuring are for things that have been announced in terms of facility consolidations largely and there's still a couple of more of those to come that you would expect to see in our fourth quarter results and into the early part of 2019. However, just because those are announced and we reported the charge doesn't mean that the costs come out instantaneously. Those tend to be more on an operational timeline that continues to support our customers and everything else in those types of transitions. So it can be a couple of years depending upon where the facilities are. And I would tell you that we're still targeting the mid to high teens margin for the segment, similar to what we talked about at our Analyst Day, but it's going to take us a couple of years to get there. 2019 actually is quite a big year operationally for our Industrial segment as some of these announced restructuring programs and the site consolidations are being worked real time. Some of that is captured in the charge that we took, largely though that's around severance costs and so forth, there are any asset impairments. And then, there is real operational costs that are rolled through our results in 2019 relative to parallel production and then these types of things in terms of move costs. So I wouldn't want to oversell that you're going to see another 100-basis-point improvement in 2019 in Industrial, but I do think we'll continue to push the peanut forward on that. And then, if you get into certainly 2020 when some of these sites officially go offline, you'll see a more pointed impact.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Amit. I think we have one last question.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Go ahead, please.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi and thanks for taking the follow-up. Wanted to just get your thoughts on the M&A environment and the reason I ask is maybe two weeks ago, one of your quasi competitors paid, I think, a pretty healthy multiple, at least on a sales basis, for an industrial connector company. And so, are you seeing tuck-in M&A higher valuations out there in the market and you think this is maybe just kind of a one-off transaction?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No, Shawn. Thanks for the question. I think like we shared with you, what Jeanie (56:20) talked to you back in the fall, it is an expensive environment and it's been an expensive environment. I don't think that's changed. It hasn't decreased from where we've been. I think the key when you think about TE is how we've talked to you about where bolt-ons play in and where we  they kind of add strategic value. And I think our strategy is very  has stayed consistent as well as how do we make sure that we get return for our owners from ROIC over time. So net-net, I would say the environment still is frothy. And I think we're staying disciplined during that environment, because we have something I think is pretty special in the organic growth opportunities we have. So I don't feel we need to be compelled to do something like we told you on Investor Day as to how do we continue to strengthen our portfolio long-term and create value for the investors. So I think it is a balance with organic first, inorganic supporting it. And we're going to be looking at how we invest our incremental dollars or free cash flow. And like Heath and I've been talking about, we have taken it up on the organic side here this year to really make sure we get the organic opportunities which is the best return.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: All right. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. And if you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 10:30 AM Eastern Time today, July 25, 2018, for one week until August 1, 2018 at 11:59 PM. To access the AT&T Executive playback service during that time, please dial 1-800-475-6701. International participants may dial area code 320-365-3844 and enter the access code 450417. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and area code 320-365-3844 with the access code 450417. That will conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd. Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd. Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.
Analysts: Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Q2 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sujal Shah. Please go ahead, sir.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's second quarter 2018 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, due to the increasing number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We're happy to take follow-up questions, but ask that you rejoin the queue and ask second question. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence, for opening comments.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Sujal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today to cover our second quarter results. Before I get into the earnings slides that we posted, I'd like to briefly recap our performance and our guidance against the elements of our business model that we shared at our Investor Day this past December. Our Q1 results in the quarter and our guidance demonstrate both our execution of our business model as well as the trends to drive above-market growth. On the top line, we delivered 7% organic growth in the second quarter and are raising the midpoint of our full-year organic revenue guidance to 6%. And this is at the upper end of our 4% to 6% long-term organic growth target. Our revenue growth continues to be driven by the secular trends, enabling TE to consistently outgrow the markets that we serve. Also in the middle of the P&L, we're executing on the levers to drive operating margin expansion. Our SG&A expenses were down year-over-year as a percentage of sales, and we do expect that trend to continue for the full year. On the bottom-line, we expanded adjusted earnings per share by 19% and we're raising the midpoint of our full-year EPS guidance to reflect 15% growth. This is also in line with the annual double-digit earnings growth target in our business model. We also continue to maintain a balanced capital strategy through share buybacks, dividends; and a disciplined approach on acquisitions. At the same time, we continue to focus on our top priority which is to invest in the organic growth of our businesses, while maintaining ROIC levels in the mid-teens. Now if you can please turn to the slides. I'll start with slide 3, and I'm going to review the highlights from the second quarter. We delivered performance above our guidance with double-digit growth in revenues and adjusted earnings per share. Sales were $3.7 billion representing 16% reported growth and 7% organic growth year-over-year. In Transportation, we grew 10% organically with growth in each of our three businesses and across all regions. Industrial Solutions grew 6% organically, driven primarily by industrial equipment, commercial aerospace and defense. Our Communications segment grew 1% organically, with 10% combined organic growth in data and devices and appliances, more than offsetting expected declines in our SubCom business. In the second quarter, we delivered 17% adjusted operating margins with strong margin expansion of 80 basis points in Transportation and 100 basis points in the Industrial segment. Our adjusted EPS grew a very strong 19% to $1.42 per share, another quarterly record for our company. Based upon the continued momentum across our businesses as well as the positive effects in currency exchange rate, we are raising our full year sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. Organic growth expectations are being raised from 5% to 6% for the year, reflecting the second quarter strength and some additional organic growth in the second half versus our prior year. We are raising our outlook for reported sales from 8% to 11%, reflecting the increase of the 100 basis points of increase in organic growth and the balance from the effects of currency translation. Adjusted earnings per share expectations were raising from $5.45 at the midpoint to $5.55 at the midpoint, which will be 15% growth year-over-year. And when I think about putting this year's progress in perspective, our original fiscal 2018 guidance provided in November assumes 4% organic growth and $5.23 of adjusted EPS. And the increase we are announcing today reflects operational execution, as we move through the year. So if you could, please turn to slide 4, and I'll cover our order trends that we're seeing in detail. As you can see from the slide, we continue to see broad-based strength in orders across our three segments and this reinforces the growth outlook that we're announcing today. Total orders excluding SubCom exceeded $3.6 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.03. Orders were up 16% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 6% organically. Geographically, excluding SubCom, our organic orders growth was driven by strength in Europe and the Americas, with 6% and 14% growth, respectively. Turning to orders by segment. In Transportation, orders increased 7% organically with growth in all businesses and strength in Europe and the Americas. Industrial orders grew 5% organically year-over-year, with growth across all regions and strength in our aerospace, defense and industrial equipment businesses. In Communications, excluding SubCom, we saw year-over-year organic order growth of 6% with growth across all regions and businesses. In our SubCom business, we continued to see an elongated cycle as we booked over $200 million of orders for new projects in the second quarter. And this brings our year-to-date bookings over $600 million and total backlog above $1 billion. So, let me get into the segment results and we'll start on slide 5 with Transportation. Transportation sales grew 10% organically year-over-year with strong growth in each of our three businesses. Adjusted operating margins were 20% as we expected, up 80 basis points year-over-year. Our auto sales were up 7% organically. In the second quarter, global auto production was essentially flat, which was weaker than we anticipated due to the reported production declines that occurred in Korea. Our strong growth above the market in the quarter continues to illustrate the positive impact of content growth in our auto business, along with the benefits of our global leadership position. We had a 11% organic growth in auto, both in Europe and in the Americas, where we're benefiting from new product cycle launches as well as share gains. We saw a low-single-digit organic growth in Asia. In China, our organic growth was 9% in the quarter, reflecting our continued strength and leadership in this market and this was partially offset by the softness in Korea that I just mentioned. Our performance continues to reflect content growth from secular trends in the auto market, and we expect the benefit as the adoption of increases for connected cars as well as electric vehicles increase. TE is extremely well positioned with leading-edge solutions and wins across all global OEMs. In our commercial transportation business, we continue to outperform the market with organic revenue growth of 24% year-over-year, with balanced growth across all regions and strong growth within each submarket. We continue to see momentum in heavy trucks as well as growth in the agriculture, mining and construction markets. In sensors, our business grew 8% organically year-over-year, with growth across auto, commercial transportation and industrial applications. This growth is driven by the design wins we've been discussing with you over the past two years and we continue to see strong design win momentum, particularly in auto applications. Since the beginning of 2016, we've generated over $1.5 billion of new auto design wins which include $300 million this year alone across a large spectrum of auto sensor applications. So let me turn to Industrial Solutions, so if you could please turn to slide 6 please. The segment sales grew 14% on a reported basis and 6% organically. Adjusted operating margins were 13.9% and expanded 100 basis points year-over-year from operating leverage on higher revenue. As we discussed at our recent Investor Day, we're on a multi-year journey to reduce our factory footprint and lower expenses to expand operating margins in the high teens in this segment. So, please let me highlight some performance by business in this segment. In industrial equipment, organic growth was 9% with growth across all regions and strength in factory automation. Our strong position in high-growth applications such as robotics and turbo drives coupled with the acquisitions in these areas, are driving strong growth ahead of our market. In our aerospace, defense and marine business, we saw 5% organic growth driven by both commercial aerospace and defense. We also saw double-digit growth in commercial air orders, positioning us for growth in this business going forward. And lastly, our energy business declined slightly on an organic basis, driven primarily by weakness in Europe and partially offset by strength in the Americas. So if you could please turn to slide 7 and let me cover Communications. As I said earlier, the segment grew 1% organically which was in line with our expectations. Our data and devices, and appliance businesses had very strong growth in the quarter with above-company average organic growth of 10% on a combined basis. Data and devices grew 7% organically with growth across all regions driven by high-speed connectivity in data center applications, as we continue to benefit from our position with hyper-scale customers. Appliances continued its strong performance with 14% organic growth and double-digit growth in all regions. We continue to benefit from secular trends including safety, efficiency and miniaturization, as well as our leading global position driving share gains. Adjusted segment operating margins were 11.3% in the quarter. And as we discussed last quarter, we expect the segment to continue to run below our expected mid-teens operating margin due to the delayed SubCom program ramp and the project accounting nature of this business. So with that, let me turn it over to Heath, who'll get into the financials in more detail.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q2 financials. Adjusted operating income was $635 million with an adjusted operating margin of 17%, leveraging the strong organic growth of 7%. GAAP operating income was $624 million and included $6 million of restructuring and other charges and $5 million of acquisition charges. For the full year, I continue to expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million, driven primarily by activity in our Industrial Solutions segment, as we optimize the footprint and make structural improvements in SG&A across the company. Adjusted EPS was $1.42, up a very strong 19% year-over-year, driven by sales growth as well as the benefit from currency translation. GAAP EPS was $1.39 for the quarter and included restructuring and other charges of $0.02 and acquisition-related charges of $0.01. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q2 was 17.7%. We still expect the full year adjusted tax rate at the lower end of the 19% to 20% range, consistent with our expectations last quarter. However, the year-over-year impacts are more pronounced in the second half versus the first half. While the year-over-year impact of tax is only $0.01 in the first half of this fiscal year, we expect a more significant headwind of $0.07 in the second half due to the difference in the adjusted effective tax rates. Page 15 of our slide deck contains a bridge that provides these details. Turning to slide 9. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33.2% with the year-over-year decline driven primarily by the SubCom program delay that we discussed earlier. Despite the gross margin decline, adjusted operating margins expanded 20 basis points to 17% in the quarter. We reduced operating expenses by 130 basis points as a percentage of sales in the quarter, primarily driven by reductions in SG&A. Expense reduction is one of the levers we appoint to expand operating margins. In the quarter, cash from operations was $377 million and free cash flow was $234 million. In the quarter, we returned $309 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We expect second half cash flow to accelerate significantly in line with typical seasonality, primarily due to working capital requirements. Also, the pipeline organic growth opportunities continues to be very attractive use of our cash. We have modestly increased our capital investments to be approximately 6% of sales this year to support these growth opportunities. As you know, organic growth has the highest return on investment for the company. We have included the balance sheet and cash flow summary in the Appendix for additional details. And with that, I will now turn it back to Terrence.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Heath. Let me get into guidance, and I'll start with the third quarter on slide 10. For the third quarter, we expect revenue of $3.65 billion to $3.7 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.35 to $1.37. At the mid-point, this represents reported sales growth of 9% and organic sales growth of 5%, with adjusted earnings per share growth of 10%. If you bridge between the 9% total growth and the 5% organic growth, we expect 300 basis points of that growth is driven by currency translation with M&A contributing the rest, which is about 100 basis points. On the dollars basis, year-over-year currency exchange rates are a tailwind of $120 million in the quarter and $0.05, and the tax rate is a headwind in the third quarter of $0.03 that Heath just talked about. By segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to grow mid-teens on a reported basis, which includes the acquisition of Hirschmann, a leading provider of antenna technology and products that we acquired late in 2017. On an organic basis, we expect high-single-digit growth in Transportation. We expect auto to be up high-single digits organically with outperformance, once again, versus market due to content growth. We also expect continued strong growth in commercial transportation and sensors. In Industrial Solutions, we expect to grow mid-single digits organically with growth driven by continued strength in industrial equipment as well as growth in commercial air and defense. And in Communications, we expect Communications to be down mid-single digits with continued above-market growth in both D&D and appliances, being more than offset by declines in SubCom. I do want to highlight, SubCom had a very strong quarter over last quarter three so some of it is due to the comp. Now turn to slide 11, so I can cover the full year guidance for 2018. We expect full year revenue of $14.5 billion or $14.7 billion, representing nearly $1.5 billion of increased revenue year-over-year. Let me break that down a little bit. The components of the $1.5 billion of our growth is: $800 million of organic growth, $200 million from M&A, as well as a $500 million benefit from currency translation. Versus our prior guidance, revenue is up $400 million at our mid-point and adjusted earnings per share is up $0.10 to $5.55. At the mid-point, our guidance represents reported sales growth of 11% and organic sales growth of 6%. Adjusted earnings per share growth is expected to be 15% at the mid-point, driven by flow through in our sales growth as well as the benefit of currency translation. And similar to what Heath just mentioned, I do want to highlight that a higher year-over-year tax rate does negatively impact adjusted earnings per share by $0.08 for the year. Let me provide some more color on the segments in the full year guidance. We expect Transportation Solutions to be up in the high-teens on a reported basis and up high-single digits organically on an assumption of approximately 2% global auto production growth. Our outperformance reflects continued content growth and share gains in auto. We also expect commercial transportation to continue outperformance end market and we expect continued growth in our sensors business. Industrial Solutions is now expected to be up high-single-digits and organic growth of mid-single-digits is unchanged from our prior guide. The primary growth drivers that we're seeing for the year will be in the industrial equipment area as well as defense. And in Communications, we expect to be down low-single-digits on both the reported and organic basis, with growth in data and devices and appliances being more than offset by declines in SubCom. We now expect SubCom revenue to be in the range of $700 million to $715 million due to the ripple effect of the program delay that we highlighted last quarter. We do expect high-single-digit growth combined for data and devices and appliances for the year. In summary, I continue to feel very good about our performance and ability to drive results in line with the business model we shared with you in December. The 6% organic growth and strong double-digit earnings growth of 15% expected this year, we feel, demonstrates it. We have built a portfolio with clear competitive advantages and you're seeing the benefit of our leading positions and content driving growth above market that we play in. We are well-positioned in large markets with favorable secular trends, and our updated guidance for 2018 indicates further growth above those markets and earnings per share expansion, driven by multiple levers. And, finally, I do want to thank our employees across the world for their execution in this past quarter, as well as their continued commitment to our customers and the future that is safer, sustainable, productive and more connective. Now, let's open it up for questions, Sujal.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: All right. Thanks, Brad. Could you give the instructions for Q&A session?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to the first line, and question will come from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Just wanted to start with SubCom and you guys had talked about expected weakness there. But just from a visibility standpoint and accounting standpoint, when do you expect to see some improvement both in revenue and in margins in the SubCom piece?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Craig. Thanks for the question. When you think of SubCom, we highlighted last quarter about the program ramp delay we have. We still feel we're an elongated cycle and I think we'll show that. At the company level  and I think you've seen in the Communications segment margins, if we didn't have the program ramp delay, the segment margin would probably be about 200 basis points higher and overall operating margin of the company would probably be about 50 basis points higher. So, that sort of firepower is what we're working through. As we all know in SubCom, SubCom has anywhere from four to six projects going on and this is one of them. So, we do expect that this will be the program just due to how a project accounting will work through as the project completes, so we do expect that for the rest of the year. But the backlog makes us feel very good about the cycle and we just have to work through this one program issue. So, market feels good. Programs we're winning feels good. We just have on the margin side this pressure from this ramp delay and we're dealing with it.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for the color on the margins, in particular. And then just on the automotive sensor side, in terms of some of those design wins, can you talk about when you've seen inflection in the revenue, like from a timing perspective when these wins will start to ramp?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: As we all know, in automotive what's great about automotive is, as you win these they layer in, and we're starting to see that. As we said, later this year, we expect it to be growing double-digits and our automotive sensor piece, a part of our sensors business. We are still committed to that. You're going to continue to see strong growth as these design wins come into revenue. So, I think it's really creating a good backbone. I think you're seeing broad growth in the sensors business. And I feel very good that our automotive sensors business, actually in the quarter, grew higher than our automotive connector business, which is a real for us. So, I think those indicators that we've put out there for you, starting second half, growing double-digit we feel very good about and then we'll continue to layer in over time, and get some return on the investments we will make.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: All right. Thank you, Craig. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: It will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. So Terrence, when you net everything out there is an implied $0.05  is a $0.10 increase in your guide for the full year, but a $0.05 lower operational performance relative to prior expectations. Can you clarify how much of this is the SubCom shortfall? And is your view on SubCom doesn't sound like it's really changed longer-term, given the strong backlog, but just wanted to get some color on that. And Heath, could you comment on the weaker gross margins and free cash flow, if you could bridge those on a year-on-year basis? Should we expect a substantial jump-up in the second half, both half-over-half and year-over-year? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Wamsi. I'm going to take  I'll add on to what I said to Craig about SubCom. I'm going to ask Heath to talk about the EPS comment as well as conversion of free cash flow. So when you look at the order momentum, it's the trends we talk about and the $1 billion of backlog that we had and the $600 million we book. So long-term trends, I do not see. It's really around the backbone really that supports the video demand that continues to get pulled. And certainly, our customers are  the hyper-scalers feel good about the momentum there. And then, Heath, why don't you take the second piece?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yes. Wamsi, the year-over-year decline in gross margin is primarily due to SubCom, and some of the pressures that we're working through relative to that project. As you know, in the project accounting world, it's not a one period impact, it spreads through the entire timeframe of the overall project which will take us into the early part of 2019. Having said that, we would expect to start to see some improvement in the overall margins both at that segment level as well as at SubCom itself, as we work our way through that into the early parts of next year. On the cash flow side, cash flows in the year were  year-to-date about $400 million in  a little over $300 million in cash. I would tell you that we have built up some inventory to support the growth in the second half of the year, and we would expect that working capital would move from a use of cash to a source of cash, as we move our way through the second half of the year. We've got a pretty good line of sight to that.
Operator: And we'll go to next question which comes from David Leiker with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hi, David.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: On the Transportation business, you clearly have a lot of secular trends there that  you have these tailwinds for your business there in terms of driving bookings. I mean, if we look at the business that you're seeing coming in right now for new contract awards, are there any particular things there you call out that show either higher take rates or increased technology, different technologies that are coming to market? Anything in particular that seems to be gaining more strength relative to  over the last year or two?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: David, great question. And what I would say is, you really see every OEM really focused on anything connected as well as the powertrain on the electric side. So I would say, those trends are not new. I would say, there continues to be an acceleration on the powertrain side. I would say, that side is one that we continue to see increased demand. Now, as you know, what we win today doesn't turn into revenue for four years. But I would tell you, our TERP or our revenue pipeline that we had that I quoted in sensors, we continue to see increased TERP momentum built around connected and electric powertrains, whatever piece it is, whether it's plug-in, whether it's hybrid. So, those are things we continue to see in all regions of the world. And when you think about where we're positioned, we feel very good that we get the benefit of both of those. So I wouldn't say, it's not something significantly different; we'll just continue to see that strong acceleration across both of them.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, David. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Sure. That will come from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. I'm going to beat the SubCom issue to death if I can. If we look into 2019, is there an expectation that you would see kind of a rebound into the $800 million to $900 million of annual revenue range? Or is it more trending toward kind of this lower level for the next 18 months?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Shawn, I think we're  well, first of all, for 2019 it's too early to tell as the project stack result is up. The backlog is good and our visibility out is good. I don't want to quantify that. I think staying in that range that we talked about at our Analyst Day in December which was $600 million to $1 billion, we're comfortably inside that range. Certainly, this year we'll be somewhere between $700 million to $750 million. I think as important that we're going to see margin momentum as we go into next year, as we win ourselves off of this particular project  the single project delay. So, I'm going to cite that part of your question in terms of quantifying it, but I would say that the backlog is setting up nicely.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot, guys. I guess, maybe to start with Industrial segment. Could you just maybe help me understand how much cost are you taking out of the model right now from all these cost containment initiatives? And should revenues remain stable to where they are today? What could fiscal 2019 margins look like on the Industrial? So I just want to get a sense of what the cost containment benefits would be? And then secondly, just on the Subsea thing, I understand all the issues you guys are outlining right now, but these are all the same issues. It sounds like you knew about 90 days ago when you initially talked about this push out. So, what really changed in the last 90 days for margins to take a hiccup and for you to lower your full year revenue expectation from Subsea?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Go ahead.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. So let me take the second part now and I'll let Heath do the Industrial. Number one is, it's just slightly less than where we were on SubCom. And it really relates to the program delay we knew about, but it is creating some ripple effect because realize we have one factory, one engineering team and that's creating a bump effect on other projects and we're working through that. So when you look at it, revenues down slightly and margins down slightly due to that revenue. So, that's really all that's changed. And then on the Industrial segment, Health, go ahead.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: We're still  we've talked pretty openly about the footprint consolidation activity that is taking place in our Industrial business. We are still the programmatic element of that, some of the bigger moves. We are still in fairly early days of that. As we talked about last couple of quarters, that's something that's going to transpire over the next several quarters, over the next couple of years. So, I would tell you that the margin improvement that you're seeing is both good operational execution by the team, some moderate restructuring as well as good leverage on the organic revenue growth. If you think about 2019  we're getting a lot of 2019 questions today already with two quarters left in our 2018 fiscal year. But I would tell you that whatever organic revenue growth that you want to model for Industrial using a normalized flow through of 25% to 30%, I think is probably a good modeling. And we'll have more clarity as we progress through the end of the year, how much of the impact of the restructuring the larger projects that will layer into next year, both on the cost side as well as the savings side.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: All right. Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Sure. That will come from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning and thanks very much for taking the question. I was hoping if you could help better contextualize the revenue guidance for the June quarter on a sequential basis. Certainly, we appreciate the much higher base in March, and you mentioned some Subsea issues. But even putting Subsea aside, it seems like the low seasonal sequential guidance for June. So, is it just conservatism or are there any markets we're expecting deceleration in June on a quarter-to-quarter basis?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. This is Heath. We're expecting the second half of the year to be about 3% organically higher than the first half of the year. How it calendarizes between our third and our fourth quarter is, there's always puts and takes in terms of what activity is going on. But in terms of where our orders stacked up towards the end of our second quarter, as we lean into the third quarter  our 5% organic growth guidance, we feel pretty good about that number. And we'll update you in 90 days in terms of where we ended up.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Sure. It will come from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. So for the current year, Transportation group got a great test case to really see the content growth and the outperformance versus the cycle. At Industrial, it's a less clear test case because it's a good industrial cycle there. But just wondering if you could speak to the kind of long-term qualitative visibility of that segment for outgrowth with the factory automation, et cetera. In relation to the much established understanding of how Transportation should perform long term.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Chris, for the question and let me take that. So first off, when I think through Transportation before I get to Industrial, I think it's more than just this year is proved outperformance. Last year at a 3% production environment, we grew 10%; and this year with the 2%, we're growing high-single digits. So I think we continue to show that in a production cycle that is decelerating in automotive, and I think you see that. In Industrial, I think it will always be a little bit mark here because you don't have one index. You really have industrial production. And I think you're seeing at that 6%, good performance. And I think the drivers of it, as we talked at our Investor Day, are really three elements. Number one is the commercial air platforms that we've talked to you about, where we have significant content increases with both major airframe suppliers. And while we had a bump in our bookings for the past six months or so, you're starting to see that reacceleration on those take rates. Secondly is, where we've positioned ourselves in factory automation, you mentioned robotics. There is increased content. And when you're looking at the connectedness and the factory, the digitization of the factory, that clearly plays where we are. And then the third area that I would say long term will drive it is also our medical business. Our medical business is in there. That's long-term high-single-digit with where we don't figure out therapies that are our (35:10) structural part. So, those are the three major drivers long term. The other thing that we're benefiting from near-term is defense. Defense, we have seen a tick up over the past six months. We've highlighted it this year. But that is something we sort of view is  as we ramp budget cycles. But that's the way we think about Industrial, and that's why we feel in an industrial production environment that typically is below GDP, we can grow that mid-single-digit like we're showing this year.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Sure. And our next question will come from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Joe.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: So kind of related questions here. You mentioned robotics. I don't remember you mentioning that recently. Can you kind of talk about where you're seeing strength there? Is it a particular application or particular market within that? And then kind of related, curious for some  an update on how you're seeing the integrated solutions between connectors and sensors together? Are you making that combined sale like on an engineer kind of level?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. So let me take both of them. They're very different questions. On robotics, we did talk about it at Investor Day. And what we see there, number one is, it leverages not only what we do, but also our whole position. So we benefit from both the robotics manufacturers in Japan as well as increasingly in China, as well as the traditional robotics manufacturers that you have in Germany and Europe. So we're very well-positioned at all of those, and it's really across broad application. We see it in automotive, as you still get a program ramp up. We're also seeing increasingly everywhere globally, as people deal with labor and how do they get better quality and productivity. So we continue to see that and that is we're benefiting from. On the solutions side, your second part of your question, on the solutions side, we continue to see it. The strongest we see it is more around our automotive, where we have a very strong position. Elsewhere I would say it's more spotty, but we continue to have momentum in the TERP and the revenue pipeline we have. But, clearly, we do get those benefits similar to the examples we've shown everybody. But those not only give us sensor opportunity and interconnect opportunity, it also takes content upper role because there is other things that we do when we provide more of that solution. So, that is part of the content story when you look at automotive and you see that separation. And we also have that in our industrial transportation business. You see it. In our commercial transportation business, you see tremendous growth. That is not only rebound in the market. That is also on those solutions that we're doing. Everywhere in the world, not just in one region  yeah, it's benefiting in China, it's benefiting here, and you really see it in the outperformance that we had that's now been well over a year and a half in that business.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thanks for the question, Joe. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Sure. That will come from Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. A couple for me. Could you please talk about China momentum across your product lines, especially where you see some strength and some weakness? It looks like auto story is accelerating there. You mentioned robotics, what else? And secondarily, Heath, could you comment on the inventory in the channel? Mixed REITs there, but sales have increased. Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Deepa. So let me take the China piece. Heath will take the inventory piece. So in China, our performance was very strong in the quarter and our sales growth overall was basically 10%. And when you see that, in Transportation, not just auto across, we were up 12%; in our Industrial business unit where we have robotics, we had 10% growth; as well as in our Communications Solutions which is both data, devices and appliances, on excluding SubCom, we were up 8%. So very strong growth across the China verticals, not just in one application. So, we feel very good about the momentum we had in China. And certainly, that's higher than company organic growth. So, I'll hand it over to Heath here, and he'll talk about inventory channel.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. The channel inventory actually is  as you can imagine, you've seen the numbers in our Industrial Solutions segment, that is benefiting greatly from that. If you look at it there is  we feel very good that there's not a buildup in that channel inventory. Our channel partners have confirmed that. We've got pretty good line of sight to our major channel partners in terms of what they're stocking right now. And that continues to be pretty strong and a good indicator for us in terms of the broader industrial economy. So in general, in good shape.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: All right. Thank you, Deepa. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And that will come from Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks very much. On the SubCom, it sounds like has the push-outs been elongated even further than what you'd have thought say 90 days ago? And are you losing any business to customers or competitors who maybe want solutions or contracts completed sooner? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No. Hey, Jim. With the orders we see, we don't believe we're losing contracts. And in fact, the $600 million we feel very good about where we are year-to-date from a backlog perspective. It's just the one project, a program delay. It's a little bit. So it's about $50 million, as we highlighted in our guide. But from that viewpoint, something we'll work through. We have to remember this is a construction business, so it does create some ripple effect. And these are typically long-term projects to begin with. Typically, these projects get worked on, get won. They don't start construction right away. So, I don't feel we're hurting any customer on other projects. It's just how we're planning through it and how we have to run the cable through the factory and integrate it through the deployment, because this is a complete system realized. We do the design work of the system. We do the manufacturing of the equipment that goes into the system and we deploy it. So it's a turnkey solution. And guess what? When we give a turnkey solution, we're going to give a solution that works to the expectations our customers have at it. And really in this case, we're making sure we're going to keep our customers happy.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Jim. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And that will come from Steve Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Hi, good morning. Just one on capital spending. So Heath, you explained the cash flow dynamics for the second half. But with the increase in capital spending through the year, can you just give us a sense for what the spending is directed at, and whether this is a change in your long-term expectations for CapEx ratios? Thanks.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure. And Steve, I appreciate the question. Regarding CapEx, we are running higher this year than we had in the past. And I will tell you that as we evaluate our opportunity set there, it's really very strong and it's all tied to growth. It's in the areas that you would expect us, in the areas we've highlighted around auto wins, things in the sensors world, things in the medical world, selectively across the industrial, where we have won projects and we're in the process of tooling up for those. And in this business, sometimes you're spending money to get tooled up and so forth; sometimes one to two years in advance of when you'll actually see the revenue. And we talk a lot about something called the TERP, which is the TE Revenue Pipeline. And in these businesses that I mentioned today, the opportunity set is very strong. These are largely things that have been committed by customers that will fuel organic revenue growth, outsized organic revenue growth for time to come. So, we look at it  and the use of our cash flows, this is a really good opportunity to step that up because the return on invested capital from these investments is quite good. Now, we'll always be good shepherds of the cash and disciplined with where we do it; no different than our M&A activity, but we feel like this is a pretty good step up. If you are modeling it, we're going to run about 6% this year. I'd say, it's harder to know because as the markets correct or move around, we might adjust our thinking there. But we probably pivoted  if you're modeling between 5% and 6%, we probably pivoted a little bit closer to the higher end of that range. And we'll continue to update everyone as things come around, but this is really exciting opportunity to invest. And I would say our cash flow, your first part of your question, the cash flow in our second half of fiscal year will be significantly higher than what you saw in the first half. Most of that is not tied to a reduction in CapEx. Most of that is, you'll see a reduction in working capital as it turns into a source of cash. I would expect our second half free cash flow to be at or higher than what our second half free cash flow was a year ago.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Sure. That will come from William Stein with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Thanks. One clarification and then one question. Clarification is again on SubCom. I understand there is a lot of leverage in that business, but there is also this unusual project accounting. If revenue were to not rebound from these levels, would margins increase regardless because of the accounting treatment? And then I had a question about supply chain. You had some issues here that hurt profitability, I think, last year. I don't think those are happening now, but there are broader issues in the supply chain with regard to passives and discrete semis. And I wonder if you're seeing any impact of that on the business? Thank you.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: I'll take the first part of the question, and Terrence will chime in for the second half. Relative to the percentage of completion accounting that is handled by the SubCom team for this project, it is very specific project-by-project. So, not all projects are created equal in terms of size of project or implied margin of those projects. So when you have hiccups, whether it's in the factory or when you have any kind of a ramp up otherwise because of technology or requirements, those tend to believe through a particular project through the end of that contract as it gets revalued. I would say, if you are looking at it versus raw total topline number for the business, there can't be a mix in projects can swing that profitability pretty dramatically. So, I wouldn't assume that the business stays at low levels if the revenue does not rebound, because there are things coming in. And obviously, we're very conscious of the billion plus dollars of backlog that we have in the business, what the makeup of the implied margin is in that business. And we would tell you that runs higher than where we are today, but largely because we've had some inefficiencies with this particular project delay ramp up that we're waiting our way through now. Terrence?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. And, Will, on the supply chain, first off, I would say, when we look at the supply chain in our world we're not a semiconductor, we aren't passive. There are some extended lead times, very much in those product categories. When we look in our world, there are some pockets where lead times extended. What I'd like, and Heath talked about a little bit is, our sell-in the distribution and their sell out is imparity. So, we do not see distributors getting ahead of themselves, so the sell-in and sell-through is an alignment. Certainly, there are some areas you can see in our growth rates. In some areas, you're growing 20%. When you have that type of growth, we have extended lead times as we catch up but I would not say it's broad-based like some other product categories that you may follow.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: That will come from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Just follow up a little bit on Will's question. The margin impacts from SubCom, I think it was 50 basis points corporate overall. Once we get into the middle of the next year, you would expect that to not be a 50 basis point drive from kind of the SubCom, is that the best way to think about modeling it in the 2019?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: I think that's fair way of thinking about it, Shawn.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then as a brief follow up just on the data and devices business, the hyper-scale strength. Are you seeing any change in the composition of the hyper-scale guys that are driving your business, maybe more customers or less customers kind of a slowing growth rate in terms of underlying spend or an accelerated growth rate?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: So, Shawn, on that this is the same customers, I would say. I don't see more players and I would say it's been pretty constant. So what's really great is, as you're aware, when you take our data and devices business, there is hyper-scale customers, there is legacy telecom customers, and then there are sort of the lower-tier below that. Hyper-scale continues a very accelerated growth rate and they have the growth rates that we've talked about; really proud of the team of what the solutions are bringing on a high-speed area. We do expect, outside SubCom, high-single-digit organic growth really shows a traction we have in those customers and stay in front because they do have high expectations; and I think we're doing a good job.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Shawn. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: It will come from Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. Terrence, I'd be curious to get your thoughts on the trade war discussions that are going on about the U.S. and China. I know you guys aren't incorporated in the U.S. and so maybe this has less of an impact on you. But I'm curious, given your exposure to China and the Chinese auto market, how do you see potential trade war potentially affecting your business? I assume it might have some negative impact and what have your customers said about this? Thanks.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: So Sherri, one of the things is, I think you have to take it back to what our business model is and it's really staying close to our customers and we try to localize both engineering as well as manufacturing close to our customers, so we can co-create. So we are firmly a believer in global free trade and we're staying close to our customers, because we have to stay to them to what decisions they make; where they want to design and also where they want their supply chains to be. So, that's the way we focus on it, to really make sure how do we win with our customers and also how do we support them. So we have not had a lot of feedback from our customers yet. I think there is a lot of  clearly, a lot of words being said and our customers are trying to digest it and we're staying close to them. So, that's really always our strategies in these situations to really stay close to our customers and we'll continue to update for our owners and everybody else as we do more. But right now, there's really no update.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Sherri. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Sure. That will come from Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Heath, just given all the questions on SubCom, how much thought have you guys given to just reporting that as a separate segment so that it doesn't kind of obscure the positive trends we're seeing in the rest of the Communications business?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Well, candidly, not a lot of thought. I mean, we obviously  our organizational structure is set up in such a way that it adheres to segment accounting rules and so forth, and the SubCom team is managed by the same team that manages the rest of the organization, so  rest of CS business. So, no, it's not frontend center for us. We try to provide as much visibility as we can to explain due to the lumpiness of the business both from an order as well a revenue perspective. That certainly is something we try to highlight there. But pulling it out as a separate segment, I don't see in the near future.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Joe. It looks like we don't have any further questions. So anyone does have questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10:30 this morning and running through Wednesday, May 2 at midnight. You can access the AT&T TeleConference playback service by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 446408. International parties can dial 1-320-365-3844. Those numbers again, 1-800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844 with the access code 446408. That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - Vice President, Investor Relations Terrence Curtin - Chief Executive Officer Heath Mitts - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Company Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Deepa Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Matt Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Steven Fox - Cross Research Jim Suva - Citigroup William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I'd now like turn to the conference over to Vice President, Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah : Good morning. And thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter 2018 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release, accompanying slide presentation that addresses use of these items. Press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, I'll remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we can cover all questions during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sujal. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Before I get into our first quarter results and our guidance for the year, I want to spend a little time recapping the key messages from the Investor Day we held last month in New York. And I really want to thank those of you that joined us.  As you know, during that investor day, we laid out the strategic direction of TE, as well as our position as an industrial technology leader.  And in that sense, the key messages we highlighted during investor day, which are shown on slide three of the slide deck we posted this morning really were around, first, we built a portfolio with clear competitive advantages and we are positioned to deliver above-market growth. Secondly, the markets we serve have attractive secular trends and are benefitting from the content growth across all of our segments.  Thirdly, when we create value, it's through the work we do with our customers through strong differentiation, very much engineering intimacy through where we design with them in their architecture, and the scale and our leading global presence.  And lastly, we have a strong business model that has not only the growth levers about the three I just talked about, but also leverage to expand profitability, while when we use the cash from our attractive business model how we maintain an attractive return on capital. And when we talked about the strong business model, we also laid out targets for you. Targets where we believe the annual organic growth of our business model can be 4% to 6%. We can continue to drive annual margin expansion of 30 to 80 basis points per year as well as double-digit EPS growth. We also highlighted for you our M&A strategy, which indicated that we can add over 100 basis points per year, which adds to our organic growth through acquisition because of the breadth of the markets we play in. And as Heath and I, I think, are going to highlight over the next 20 minutes or so, what I'm very pleased about, not only with our strong results in the quarter and updated guidance for the fiscal year, I believe the performance you're seeing demonstrates the key messages that we laid out at investor day and strong execution by our teams that are consistent with the business model we laid out. So, if you could, let's please turn to slide four and let's get into the results for the quarter. We again delivered performance above guidance with double-digit growth in revenue and adjusted earnings per share. Sales, during the quarter, were $3.5 billion and this represented 14% reported growth and 8% organic growth year-over-year. In our Transportation segment, we grew 13% organically with double-digit growth across all three of our businesses. Industrial Solutions grew 6% organically, driven primarily by continued strength in our industrial equipment applications. And our Communications segment declined 6% organically year-over-year due to a decline in SubCom, but we did see 10% combined organic growth in our data and devices and appliances businesses in the quarter. And when I think about last year, we talked about performance across our portfolios, with operating margin expansion across all three segments. In our first quarter, we delivered record profitability with adjusted operating margins of 17.9%, driven by margin expansion in the Industrial segment, which was one of the key levers we laid out for you at investor day. Adjusted earnings per share grew a very strong 22% to $1.40, and this is a record on a quarterly basis for our company. Based upon this very strong start for the full year, we are raising our annual sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. Our organic growth expectations, we are raising from 4% to 5% for the year, reflecting stronger first half momentum and the second half of the fiscal year that is in line with our prior view. We are raising our outlook for reported sales from 6% to 8%, reflecting 100 basis points of the organic growth increase and the remaining 100 basis points from the impact of currency exchange rates. On an adjusted EPS perspective, our expectations, we are raising $0.22 to $5.45 per share, and that represents 13% growth year-over-year, and I'll add more color towards the end of the call around our guidance. The other thing I want to highlight that we are excited to see is the continued strong momentum in our orders, with organic orders, we're up 22% year-over-year. Excluding SubCom, which had a very strong order quarter, orders were up 11% with growth across all regions. So, if you can please turn to slide five and let me get into orders in more detail and the trends that we're seeing across orders. We continue to see broad-based strength in orders across all three of our segments, which reinforces our growth outlook. Total orders, excluding SubCom exceeded $3.5 billion with a book to bill of 1.06. Orders were up 17% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 11% organically. We also continue to see broad-based strength globally. And once again, excluding SubCom, our orders organically grew 16% in Europe, 15% in the Americas and 3% in Asia. Turning to segment  orders by segment. In Transportation, orders increased 13% organically, with growth in all regions and strength especially in Europe, where we saw order growth of 17%. We also saw the year-over-year order growth in each of our three businesses in Transportation. Industrial orders grew 8% organically year-over-year, with growth across all regions and continued strength in our industrial equipment business. In Communications, excluding SubCom, we saw year-over-year organic growth of 7% in orders, with growth across all regions. And then, for SubCom, which we had carved out up till now, we had a very strong booking quarter. Year-to-date, we booked project orders of $400 million, and this has raised our total backlog above $1 billion in SubCom and reinforces the health of the current SubCom market cycle. So, if you could, let me turn from orders and start getting into our segment results. And as always, we'll start with Transportation. Transportation sales grew 13% organically year-over-year. Segment revenue exceeded expectations due to strong auto sales across regions. Growth across all submarkets and commercial transportation and 11% organic growth in sensors. Operating margins were 21%, and this was above our expectations and up 330 basis points sequentially and back to our normalized margin levels of 20% plus or minus midpoint. In auto specifically, our sales were up 10% organically, significantly above auto production trends that are in the low-single-digits. We are not only benefiting from content growth, but are also benefiting from our leading global position. We had growth in the teens in Europe as well as in the Americas and mid-single growth in Asia. We also continue to benefit from new program ramps, which contribute to our outperformance versus vehicle production levels. And also, as we highlighted during investor day, while the hybrid electric and EV market is still a small percentage of overall vehicle production, we continue to be extremely well-positioned with leading-edge solution and wins across all major OEMs across that technology. Turning to our commercial transportation business, we continue to outperform the market with organic revenue growth of 34% year-over-year, with balanced growth across all regions and growth within each submarket. While last year, we got the benefit of the trends we saw in heavy trucks, this year, we're seeing continued momentum in heavy truck, as well as we are experiencing growth in agriculture, mining and construction markets globally. In our sensors business, we grew 11% organically year-on-year with growth across all markets, including auto, commercial transportation and industrial end markets. As we highlighted for you on investor day, we continue to see strong design win momentum, particularly in auto applications where we've generated $1.2 billion of new design wins over the past two years across many different sensor applications as well as technologies. So, now, let me turn to the industrial segment, and if you can please turn to slide seven, we'll get into it by business. On an overall segment basis, sales grew 11% on a reported basis and 6% organically. Operating margins were 14% and expanded 270 basis points year-over-year, driven by strong operating leverage on higher volume. By business in the segment, in industrial equipment, organic order growth was 17%, with growth across all regions and strength in factory automation and medical applications. As we mentioned last month, we are focused on high-growth applications such as robotics and interventional medicine. Our strong position in high-growth markets coupled with the acquisitions in these areas are driving strong growth ahead of market. In our aerospace, defense and marine business, we saw slight organic decline of 2%, which was driven by commercial aerospace. While sales have been impacted by us by project timing over the past couple of quarters, we do expect this business to grow this year with the strong content wins that we highlighted to you during investor day. And in our energy business, it declined 6% organically, and this is really driven by the weakness in the overall European power market. So, if you can please turn to slide eight and let me cover Communications Solutions. The segment declined 6% organically due to the ramp up delays in the new SubCom program that I mentioned. This impact more than offset continued growth momentum in our data and devices and appliance businesses, which had a 10% combined organic growth in the quarter. In data and devices, we grew 2% organically, driven by strength in Asia and continued growth in high-speed connectivity and data center applications. As we highlighted to you during investor day, we shifted our portfolio to growing high-speed applications that have complex and technological challenges to meet the high-speed requirements. We continue also to benefit from our position with our hyperscale customers and we continue to drive margin growth through optimized operations in this business. In our appliance business, we had another strong quarter with 22% organic growth and double-digit growth in all regions as we continue to benefit from the trends in this area, including safety, efficiency and miniaturization. Over the past several quarters, our performance in appliances was given by share gains and product cycles in China. What was really nice about the first quarter and our guidance for the year is it's really been driven by our leading global position and we're seeing higher demands in the Americas and Europe contributing to the growth of our solutions. So, the growth is becoming much more balanced in appliances for this year. And then lastly, in SubCom, revenue and margins were impacted by the ramp up delay in the new program, which we have resolved. We do expect a couple of quarters of margin impact due to the project accounting nature of this business, but the SubCom market cycle remains very healthy. And these programs we just announced were with Google and Facebook and it brought our backlog to over $1 billion, as I previously mentioned. From a margin perspective, segment adjusted operating margins declined to 11.8% in the quarter, reflecting the SubCom ramp up delay. We expect this segment to run below our expected mid-teen operating margins for the next couple of quarters and then expand as we close the year. Now, let me turn it over to Heath who will cover the financials.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence. And good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide nine where I will provide more details on Q1 financials. Adjusted operating income was $623 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 17.9%, leveraging the strong organic growth of 8%. GAAP operating income was $581 million and included $35 million of restructuring charges and $7 million of acquisition charges. For the full year, I continue to expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million, driven primarily by activity in our Industrial Solutions segment as we optimize the footprint and makes structural improvements across our TE cost structure. Adjusted EPS was $1.40, up a very strong 22% year-over-year, primarily driven by sales growth and operating margin improvement. For the quarter, our adjusted EPS performance was $0.15 above our prior guidance midpoint due to the strong revenue performance and operating income follow-through. GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.11 for the quarter and included a one-time tax-related charge of $1.42 of EPS, primarily due to the recently passed US tax legislation and restructuring and acquisition-related charges of $0.09. Because of the reduction in the US corporate tax rate, we recorded a charge to income tax expense of approximately $500 million to write-down our US deferred income tax assets. In Q1, our adjusted effective tax rate was 17.3%. As we said on our last call, we expect a full year tax rate in the 19% to 20% range and we now expect taxes to come in at the lower end of that range. For Q2, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. Now, if you turn to slide ten please. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2017 was exceptionally strong, so we have some tough compares on a year-over-year basis.  However, if you look at our performance sequentially, we continue to demonstrate the consistent progress we're making as a company. Our strong Q1 results demonstrate that we're performing well against our business model and executing upon multiple levers to drive earnings growth, including organic growth, consistent capital deployment strategy of M&A and return of capital to our owners, and margin expansion through TE OA and cost reduction efforts. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 34%, down from prior year, but up 100 basis points sequentially. Adjusted operating margins were up 10 basis points year-over-year to 17.9%, a record for the company. Adjusted operating margins were up 160 basis points sequentially, with organic growth driving leverage in the operating structure of the company. Adjusted EBITDA margin in Q1 were 22.7%, down slightly from prior year, up 150 basis points sequentially. During our investor day last month, I discussed return on invested capital and our focus on balancing between growth and returns. We're targeting mid-teens adjusted ROIC through focused investing to support organic growth, while enabling long-term growth opportunities through acquisitions. Our business continues to generate solid free cash flow. In the quarter, cash from operations was $350 million and free cash flow was $127 million, in line with our expectations. We've returned $355 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. We also increased our investments in the business to capitalize on growth opportunities where we consistently demonstrate high returns. We've included a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for the additional details. With that, I will turn the call back over to Terrence.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Heath. And let me get into guidance. And let's start with the second quarter that is on slide 11 of your deck. So, for the second quarter, we expect revenue of $3.55 billion to $3.65 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.33 to $1.37. At the midpoint, this represents reported sales growth of 12%, organic sales growth of 6% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 13%. By segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to grow mid-teens on a reported basis, which includes the acquisition of Hirschmann, which is a leading provider of antenna technology and products, that we acquired late in fiscal 2017. On an organic basis, we expect high-single-digit growth in Transportation. We expect auto to be up high-single-digits in a global auto production environment we estimate to be up 2% year-over-year in the quarter, once again demonstrating outperformance due to content growth. We also expect, in Transportation, strong growth in commercial transportation and continued growth in sensors. In the Industrial Solutions segment, we expect growth of mid-single digits organically and that growth will be driven by the continued strength of industrial equipment and medical applications. And in Communication Solutions, we expect low-single-digit growth, driven by continued momentum in data and devices and appliances. Now, let's turn to slide 12 and I'll cover the full-year guidance for 2018. We expect full-year revenue of $14.1 billion to $14.3 billion. This is up $300 million from our prior guidance at midpoint and we expect adjusted earnings per share of $5.40 to $5.50, and this is a $0.22 increase versus our prior guidance. At the midpoint, this represents reported sales growth of 8% and organic sales growth of 5%. You should think about the $300 million increase in revenue guidance as $200 million due to organic growth increase in the first half of our fiscal year and the remaining increase due to currency translation. In bridging between our total growth and our organic growth between that 8% and that 5% of our new guidance, we expect acquisitions to add about 100 basis points and currency exchange effects to add the remainder about 200 basis points to the growth in 2018 above organic. Adjusted earnings per share growth is expected to be 13% at midpoint, driven by our growth in operating income expansion. While we have a positive impact from EPS, currency exchange effects of $0.11, this is offset entirely by the negative year-over-year impact of $0.12 from a higher adjusted tax rate when we compare to last year. So, really, the 13% is driven by operations. So, let me provide more color on our segments and our full-year guidance. We expect Transportation Solutions to be up in the low-teens on a reported basis and up high-single-digits organically, representing an improvement from our prior guidance. We expect our auto business to be up high-single-digits organically on 2% auto production growth, reflecting continued content growth and share gains. Commercial transportation is expected to continue to outperform its end market, benefiting from content expansion and share gains and we expect continued growth momentum in sensors. In Industrial Solutions, our guidance is essentially unchanged from our prior guidance from last quarter and is expected to grow mid-single digits on both a reported and organic basis, with the primary growth drivers being industrial equipment and medical applications. And in the Communications segment, we expect to be flat on both a reported and an organic basis, with our growth in data and devices and appliances being offset by the declines in SubCom that we highlighted to you already. In data and devices, we expect to benefit from high-speed ramps to cloud infrastructure customers as well as new design ramps for server OEMs. In appliances, we expect strong growth above market due to the share gains in all regions. And in SubCom, we expect revenue to be towards the lower end of our $800 million to $900 million range that we told you about last quarter. So, in summary, I continue to feel very good about our performance and execution, especially when I think about what we highlighted to you at investor day and it really came through during our results in the quarter as well as in this guidance. We have built a portfolio with clear competitive advantages and you're seeing the benefit of our leading positions and content growth driving growth above market as well as driving margin expansion. We continue to perform well against our business model as demonstrated by our strong quarter one results, which included 14% sales growth, record 17.9% operating margins and 22% EPS growth. And lastly, we are well-positioned in large markets with favorable secular trends and our guidance for 2018 indicates further growth above those markets and EPS expansion driven by the levers that we highlighted to you around expanding profitability. So, lastly, before we open it up for questions, I do want to thank our global teams for their strong performance in the quarter and ensuring that we bring our technology to our customers to further our leading positions around the world. So, now, let's open up for questions. So, Sujal, I'll hand it back over to you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you. Could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll go to Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thanks a lot, guys. I guess two questions for me. Maybe to start off with  can you just talk about the Industrial segment. Operating margins were fairly strong over here in the quarter. Just trying to understand, if you're already starting to see some benefits from the cost optimization initiatives that you guys have laid out in the past or the improvement you are seeing are more organic and those benefits from cost takeout are more ahead of you? Because I think, historically, Q1 tends to be a trough for op margins in Industrial and then you see a nice steady ramp-up throughout the year. Just trying to get a sense of if that still transpires.
Terrence Curtin: Amit, thank you for the question. I would say this. The industrial team has been hyper focused on not just their organic growth opportunities, but also improving their market structure here. That didn't just start when we started talking about it a little bit more publicly during the investor day and some of our pre-calls.  However, I would tell you that the benefit that you saw in the quarter was largely around the leverage from that organic revenue growth. We have, as we've talked pretty extensively about, some significant footprint optimization, things that we're working on.  We'll see more of the benefit of that either later this year, but more pointedly into 2019 as that's a multiyear journey to get to those numbers. So, the 14%, we're proud of. And I think the teams have worked hard to get there. But did not receive a huge benefit from some of the footprint pieces that we've talked about that will be forthcoming. And we'll continue to keep you posted over the next several quarters and couple of years.
Amit Daryanani: That's really helpful. And if I can just follow-up. I guess, Terrence, for you maybe. I want to maybe better understand the back half expectations that you guys have right now for your fiscal year. You clearly have a very strong beat in Q1. Looks like there is some upside to Q2. But is it fair to  you're really not raising your back half expectations a whole lot right now. And if that's fair, I'm curious, what gives you the pause for back half or is it just being conservative to hopefully enable performance like Q1 sustaining throughout the year?
Terrence Curtin: As I said in my comments  thank you for the question, Amit. If you look at the guide, when we think about the year, certainly, we had a strong first quarter. We are teed up for a strong second quarter. And we did leave our back half unchanged. I think when you look at the markets, and let's start with the markets, first of all, we see an auto environment that we think production has gotten a little stronger than we guided last quarter. Last quarter, we talked about 1% production growth through the year. We view the year is going to be more 2%. But we do think that production growth is first half loaded and is mainly around Asia and Europe. North America has not changed. The industry markets are sort of as we saw them, so we didn't really change our guidance on the year. And then communications, what's really nice in communications, the growth that we had, I think communications, while the year is going to be flat, is really driven by appliances and D&D. We thought SubCom would cycle down and cycling down a little bit more due to this ramp program. So, the second half is unchanged. It's really our view of the markets. And we updated you for what we believe we see in front of us and we'll continue to update you as we go forward. But I think it is fair to say, it's the same guidance we gave you three months ago on the second half.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. Thanks. And congrats on the quarter, guys.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: We'll go to Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Terrence, great to see the overall results and Transport margins have come back so strongly. Your Transport segment is really decoupling pretty strongly from global production. You know they had a few things, content, market position and new wins. I was wondering, can you give us some sense on how much of this growth is coming from new wins? And regionally, where do you expect the biggest outperformance relative to production over the next few quarters? And I have a follow-up for Heath.
Terrence Curtin: Well, thank you for the question. And let me take the second half of your question first, Wamsi, and it's one of the things that I think  our auto position, we've always talked about how proud we are of that position and what we've accomplished there. But I do believe, when you think about our global position, you're really seeing it this year. So, last year, when we talked  we grew double digits on a 3% production environment. And a lot of that growth last year was we had a very strong China cycle. We had a nice European production environment. And North America was flat. When you look at this year, North America is going to continue to be flat. Production is going to be down a little bit. And like I said in my guidance, it's going to be high-single-digits. So, you're still seeing that content. And that content is broad-based of all the things that we talked about during investor day to you, whether that be electric vehicle, whether that be the connected car. And also, just the core qualification of the car as well. We can't lose sight of that; how electronics just in other applications, like safety, play a big part.  When you look at this year, though, geographically, Europe is going to have the strongest production growth this year. So, it is going to be probably the largest driver from a rate perspective of production growth, followed by Asia. North America, flat. And with our very strong European position and our engagements we have with our customers, we're going to continue to be talking about Europe, I think, for the rest of the year, which it's going to be a little bit different than last year where we talked a lot about China and Asia. And so, this proves our great global position. And the content growth is global. I mentioned in my comments, we grew double-digit in North America and a flat environment. We feel pretty comfortable we can grow mid-single digit in North America. And that market has been flat for multiple years now. And it just shows what we're bringing to our customers.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Terrence. Thanks for the color. Heath, can you comment on how you're thinking about potentially any changes to capital allocation in light of the tax changes? And do you anticipate making any changes operationally in terms of site relocations, et cetera, in view of these changes? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: It's, obviously, a timely question, Wamsi. I appreciate it. The change in the US tax regulations that went into effect first part of this year, signed into legislation late calendar 2017, don't have a tremendous impact in terms of how we think about capital allocation.  At the end, a Swiss-based company, we don't have a repatriation issue in terms of where our cash is located. And the most important thing is, although some of the changes in the tax regulations, both here as well as some of the things that are going on in other parts of the world, probably put a little bit of pressure on our tax rate, our effective tax rate, over the next couple of, three or four years. I could see us moving up 100, 200 basis points, maybe to that 21%, 22% range, if you look out over the next three or four years. The most important thing to go back to, though, on that is our cash tax rate, which is the true economics, is still in the mid to high-teens. And that doesn't get dramatically impacted by the change in the policy. So, as we think about payback and returns and return on invested capital in terms of operational decisions and capital allocation, it doesn't have a tremendous impact on us. And, obviously, we'll plan around this. And while the US is an important piece, North America is only a third of our business. We have two-thirds of our business outside the US and we need to pay attention to those things as well.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Heath.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: We'll go to Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joseph Giordano: Hey, guys. How are you doing?
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Joe.
Joseph Giordano: Just a question on  kind of a specific question, I guess, on EV. And there's been talk from some of the sensor guys about trying to adapt like a lot more wireless sensing into some of the bigger applications on the electric powertrain. And there is debate whether or not that's the right choice of technology or not, but just curious as to how  what are you seeing in that kind of market? Is that something you're trying to even look at on your own sensor portfolio? But more like, what does that mean for connectors in EV powertrains if something like that is to kind of move forward?
Terrence Curtin: It's a great question. And it's just one of those things, when you look at electric vehicles, everybody is looking because it is so new. It is only about 4 million units when you take EV and plug-in hybrids. It's still a small part of the market. And you're seeing a lot of experimentation around what's the best way not only to get connection and power, but also in the most affordable way into the system. So, I think when you look at things like you talked about, there's lots of things that are happening around EV architecture [indiscernible]. What is great for us, we wouldn't only play in that, but as I think those of you that joined us on investor day, the breadth of our portfolio isn't just about one thing. It's about many things. It's about the inlets. It's about what happens around the battery as well as the sensors around it. So, when you look at something like that, that's both an opportunity for us, as well as things that may influence our product [indiscernible]. But when we think about content per vehicle in an EV, because of the breadth not just in sensors, but what we do as we shared with you, we have some programs that are up to $500 a vehicle. 2x content. And what's great is we're exposed to those trends and our product breadth is so broad, we're going to benefit whether it's a wireless or a connected solution.
Joseph Giordano: Sorry, I just jumped on late with a couple of companies here today. But relative to data and devices, I feel like every day I come in and you're seeing articles about who is spending more on data centers this year and it seems like a universally good story. And I was just curious of how your discussions, particularly with some of the hyperscale guys, when you talk about, like Facebook and what they're planning on doing. Are you starting to see initial indications of a real acceleration in that market?
Terrence Curtin: I would say twofold. We get benefits from two areas from those trends. You heard us highlight the wins we have in SubCom, which clearly are the high-speed backbone to really make those data centers work from that data traffic, and especially with video. We are seeing that in our  certainly in our SubCom order book that we highlighted. The other thing I would say, no different than last year, the amount of growth momentum we have around the cloud in our D&D business is almost entirely our growth driver in our data and devices business. So, while we'll talk about growth rate that might be low-single-digits, that cloud activity [indiscernible]. Where there is some slower activity in sort of telco spending and things like that and wireless is still sort of slow, but net-net, the cloud activity we have in our data and device businesses drove the growth last year that you saw, off repositioning of the portfolio. And it's also the primary driver of growth today in the business when we look at the guidance we gave you for the year and some of our excitement about it is all around the cloud and the hyperscale engagements we have.
Joseph Giordano: How big is that part of your D&D right now?
Terrence Curtin: From a rate perspective, it's about 30%.
Joseph Giordano: Okay, great.
Terrence Curtin: Of D&D revenue, roughly, Joe, off the top of our heads here.
Joseph Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: We'll go to Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison: Morning. And my congrats on the results as well. Two questions, if I may. The Transportation margins rebounded nicely in the quarter. Are there any lingering issues within that business in terms of getting lead times normalized or getting sub components in the door or anything like that that could affect the remainder of the fiscal year that you see at this point in time?
Terrence Curtin: Shawn, I think that's a fair question given how the last couple of quarters of our fiscal 2017 we were down in the 18 percentish range for transportation and we had talked some about some of the supply chain issues. Largely, those issues are behind us. The team has done a nice job working through even at these higher volumes some of those issues. And I think, as we guided, we would be up in to 19% range for that Transportation segment numbers and we certainly exceeded our own expectations and the team executed very well in the quarter. I would tell you, as you think about the remaining three quarters of the year, given the volume that we foresee and so forth, you should probably expect that to be more back at its normalized margins, around that 20 percentish range.  But you've got to know that, in a given quarter, a 90-day period, you could have a mix within a quarter that can swing it around a little bit too. But we're proud of the team working through a lot of the operational matters that kind of plagued us a little bit in the final part of 2017 and feel good about our position as we work our way through 2018.
Shawn Harrison: Got you. Good to hear. And as my follow-up, just thinking about the margin impact on SubCom and maybe what happens in a couple of quarters out, looks like, year-over-year, it maybe cost you 150, 200 basis points given the program delays. Do you get an outsized margin benefit because of program completion accounting, maybe, say, in the fourth fiscal quarter and does it just normalize out by whatever drag you saw this quarter, trying to think of how you maybe remodel it late 2018, early 2019 in terms of the benefit if the accounting works in your favor?
Heath Mitts: Listen, we don't have enough time on this call to take everyone to purchase price accounting  project accounting in terms of percentage of completion. And it has its own levels of complexity that we can certainly take offline. What I would tell you is that you should expect the next couple of quarters to look somewhat like this last quarter from a margin perspective, having that low double digits as the issue, albeit behind us operationally, does bleed over, the elements of the contract.  It won't surprise us, as we get towards the end of some of the things, as well as new contracts that kick in, that you would see a quarter that would be in the other side of that. That would be higher than what we would expect. Sometimes, Terrence will refer to the SubCom margins as EKG machine [ph] because they can move [ph] around relative to how the percentage of completion accounting works. Having said that, the true economics of the business are still quite solid. Cash flow coming out of the SubCom this year is quite good. We had a great Q1, had a cash flow for SubCom and we expect the remainder of the year. So, we could take some of the dynamics of the project accounting offline. But I would tell you that you could see some swings late this year or into the early part of next year, for sure.
Shawn Harrison: Very fair. Thanks, again. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Shawn. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we'll go to David Leiker with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Leiker: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, David.
Shawn Harrison: So, if we take a look at the orders, the 11% increase in orders, 13% organically, 13% in Transportation, it seems like there are a couple of things at play here. Because of the portfolio and the global nature, you're getting more opportunities to bid on things. I'm guessing, your win rate is probably a little bit better and the programs are a bit larger. Are there any some examples that you can give us that help flesh that out a little bit?
Terrence Curtin: David, certainly. When you take our business, it's a lot of small projects. So, there isn't any one big program. I think when you look at, to some of your comment, we're seeing, like I think a lot of companies, you have synchronous global growth, which is benefiting the orders. But it's really our global position. I wouldn't say there was any big one order outside of SubCom [indiscernible]. When you look at it, what's nice is, it's across all the trends and the bets we've been making on the portfolio, where to position this portfolio. So, the wins that we are seeing are along those applications that we laid out at investor day. So, whether they are auto, whether it is commercial transportation, what we're doing at sensors, all of them grew double-digit. It's not one big program. What we are doing around factory automation, we continue to see those trends. We also  medical continues the momentum that we had. And in appliances and data and devices, like Joe said, we're getting the benefit of the cloud. And we're also getting the benefit of miniaturization and efficiency in appliances. So, it is extremely broad-based. And you're seeing it in the orders. It's not one thing and it's not one market. It's really nice around the secular trends we talked about.
Shawn Harrison: What about as it relates to the win rate and the size of the opportunities that you are pursuing or winning?
Terrence Curtin: I wouldn't say the size of the opportunities are changing dramatically. I would say the take-up rates are a little bit heavier as we're seeing volumes stronger. So, the opportunities are similar to what we framed out when we think it down. And we think about opportunities as content per application. But we're seeing some of the volumes, the underlying volumes being stronger and strong positions we want.  And even if we want a program in the first quarter, it won't be MI [ph] orders. If I want an automotive program and isn't till the customers start placing orders, which could be two, three years out. So, when you look at the orders, they are programs that were won three, four, five years ago, not as current other than SubCom. SubCom is the only exception.
Shawn Harrison: All right, great. Heath, just one thing to follow up on on the taxes. Are there any high-level views  I know it's pretty complicated, but puts and takes on the taxes and your view of 2018 under the new rules versus the old law?
Heath Mitts: As I said in my prepared remarks, we had guided a tax rate  an effective tax rate of 19% to 20% here at the beginning of the year. I would say we are trending towards the bottom end of that. Some element of that would be attributable to some of the changes in the US policy and some of it is just jurisdictional mixes, where we have things coming in from.  So, not a tremendous impact. Versus other companies, we already start with a pretty low rate. And again, I continue to scare people back. We would expect our cash taxes for the year to be in the mid to high teens. So, pretty good numbers.
Shawn Harrison: Yeah. It seems like there's something there on the intercompany transactions that's at play here.
Heath Mitts: Certainly, that has an impact. As I discussed, we had about  there's multiple elements to it, but we had about $500 million write-down in our US deferred tax assets in the quarter. And that's a non-cash charge that we took and I think you'll see a lot of other companies discussing similar type of adjustments to their balance sheet. Largely, that had to do with write-downs to our assets on our balance sheet for the new tax rate relative to both our carryforward net operating losses as well as our carryforward, what they call, 163(j), which is some of the intercompany or just general debt interest rate deductibility. And that's part of that $500 million that we wrote down.
Shawn Harrison: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, David.
Terrence Curtin: All right. Thanks, David. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: We'll go to Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thanks. Terrence, just wanted to follow up your comments on EVs, and appreciate the context. It's still a small unit market today. At the same time, you're seeing just a swell of investment from OEMs committing capital to that market. So, just trying to gauge from you, as you look out over the next one, two, three years, how you are seeing that play out in terms of kind of a linear progression or potential step function up in EVs.
Terrence Curtin: What we get excited about is where we're positioned. When we sit there and we talked to many of you about, our view on EV plug and hybrid, hybrid, we sort of put a lot of those together. We sort of view that's about 4 million units today. About over the next five years, you're going to get up to about 16 million units. I don't think that will be linear. You get into how do governments support it, what social adoption and things like that. But, clearly, when you take what's happened with diesel, EV has come much more to the forefront. You see it with all our global OEM customers that really the two things that they're all focused on is both the autonomous trends and the electric vehicle trends. And what's great is both those trends impact us and we're positioned to capitalize on them. So, I feel very good about the momentum we have, the wins we shared with you. And when you sit there, while it's still a small part of our business, when we talk about the content going from $62 up to well over $80, that's going to be a big trend that drives that and that's part of the growth momentum we've talked to you about and we're investing. Heath talked about the investments that we're making around growth. Certainly, see it in the capital. It's really to make sure we capitalize on the EV trends globally, not with one customer, not in one region and we're really well positioned and it's still small today, but it's going to be a big growth driver as we go forward.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And just as my follow-up, maybe taking the other side on the order strength and understanding the global growth and the backdrop support that. At this point in the cycle, there's also rumblings of just things are tight and some lead times could extend. So, just your sense from a customer inventory perspective and distribution inventory and how you're seeing customers behave relative to other cycles.
Terrence Curtin: Craig, it's a great question. When you look at clearly having global synchronous growth, that creates tightness in itself. And I do think some of our businesses, whether it be things like commercial transportation, you see the growth rate we have there as the ag and the construction are strengthening. I think you see a little bit of it in our industrial equipment business as well as in our appliance businesses as you're getting it. We're getting some of the benefit as supply chains are catching up. So, that's where we see it. It would be more around those markets. And we do expect in our guidance, some of those markets will moderate as we get into the second half of the year with a view of some of that tightness will work out. But across the portfolio, when you look at the growth rates, our growth is very broad. And I think you can see where the areas that there are some places that it does feel hot. That could moderate as we get into the second half. When we look at our channel partners, our channel partners inventory have been staying pretty stable. And their sell-out and our sell-in, their point of sale and our point of purchase pretty much in line. So, it's been nice to see that that inventory in the channel is not going up. It's staying pretty much in line point of sale out and point of purchase in. and that's something we look at at a sort of pretty stable there in balance. We don't see it getting ahead of itself.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Appreciate the color.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Craig.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Craig. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: We'll go to Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Deepa Raghavan: Hi. This is Deepa Raghavan, Wells Fargo Securities.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Deepa.
Deepa Raghavan: Hi. How are you? Pretty strong automotive trends. This  looks like, especially, you're benefitting from trend acceleration across the board. Could you talk about, if some of the trends, example, auto safety or EVs or fully autonomous applications that the OEMs seem to be adopting much faster than expected, will any of these trends benefit you more than the others or is the content kind of similar across these new trends?
Terrence Curtin: Number one, I do believe, as we highlighted at investor day, both those trends will impact us. Autonomous, when you think about autonomous and TE, you think about high speed. It's really the high-speed that we always talk about that you need with connectivity, getting into the car. And that's why we did Hirschmann. So, that we view is going to be something very important to us, as well as just what Craig asked on EV. When you get around the power dynamic that need to happen, how do you make power move in a car, going from a 12 volt to a full EV vehicle. Really plays into what we do.  So, when we look at the content, historically, we probably would have told you, before price, content, we grow 4% for us above underlying production. We basically, as Steve highlighted on investor day, we sort of view that's moved up to more like a 6% due to those key trends. So, I think the way that we're positioned, and also our global position, not just the technology we bring to our customers, I think we're very unique that how we cover the world and our leading position is equal globally, we will get the benefit no matter where the trends stay. 
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. Sensors, pretty strong, among others, obviously. Are some of these new automotive or commercial truck wins coming in slightly earlier than you would have expected?
Terrence Curtin: No, they are not. When you think of automotive or commercial truck programs, when you win those programs, especially in automotive, because [indiscernible] didn't really have an automotive position, they come in with the program launches. So, it isn't like automotive OEMs are moving up their launches. They are very methodical about program launches and how they make sure the vehicle quality is out there. So, when you look at the growth we had, it's in line with the timing we saw.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. My final question, Communications segment. Would your data and devices division benefit from 5G or FirstNet rollout? If they do, would you talk about timing benefit? It looks like it would be more towards 2019 driven, but curious. Thank you very much.
Terrence Curtin: So, on 5G, if you take the past couple of years, Deepa, we have been talking a lot about data center and cloud. In the wireless, the next big step function in there is 5G. I do believe your timing is right on there. We like our position with 5G. Just the market trend hasn't kicked in yet to benefit us, for us to talk about. But, clearly, it's a trend that will benefit us starting in 2019 and beyond to our D&D business. All right. Thank you for the questions.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Deepa. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we'll go to Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin: Thanks. Good morning. Terrence, you were talking about growth in the commercial transportation and seeing some upcoming catalysts, including agriculture and other markets. You're looking at five or six quarters of double-digit growth year-over-year here. What is your sense of the cycle here and on production side of the equation? And are you seeing, just as you are in automotive, just a multi-year content growth story within that sector?
Terrence Curtin: So, first off, yes. The content growth story, the same content trends we have gotten in automotive because of our strong position, we're able to take them over to Industrial Transportation. And the other thing that's very nice about our industrial transportation business, it's pretty globally balanced as well. So, last year, when we spoke, we spoke a lot about China and what we were able to do around the China heavy truck cycle. Certainly, they had some regulation changes around the loading of trucks and we had the benefit of a strong heavy truck market in China as well as the content. As we came into this year, we thought the heavy truck market would slow down in China. It is, as we thought. But what's been really nice is some of the other areas that were not contributing as strong  the construction, the agriculture  is starting to kick in, which is also driving both market trend and content growth wins that we've had that's creating this really strong cycle. So, we feel good that  it's better than we thought it was going to be due to some of these other markets kicking in  ag and construction specifically. It just shows the strength of our global position and the trends we've tried to offer around where we add content with our customers. And it's been good to see and our team has done a tremendous job not only getting the content win, also make sure they are satisfying customers. Having 30% growth in a business and delivering to a more global customer base, that's quite a feat.
Matt Sheerin: That's helpful. And is that sensor growth that you're seeing also sort of dovetailing off of the commercial side of things, but you're saying, no, there's a decent exposure to that market in the sensor side?
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, we did. Actually, as I said, we had double-digit growth in the commercial transportation piece of our sensor business in the quarter. So, we had auto, commercial transportation as well as the industrial end markets, all three had double-digit growth in sensors. So, we're actually seeing the benefit of that as well.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thanks a lot.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question please
Operator: We'll go to Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. One question and one confirmation. Just to clarify on the sensor business, you're still looking at sort of a second off book of business that starts to ramp maybe more so than you've seen like in the last year or so, is that correct?
Heath Mitts: In automotive, that sounds  so, the automotive programs will get stronger through the year. When you look at the fourth quarter versus where they are, the double-digit we had in the first quarter was slow, but that's in the automotive piece of sensors, Steven.
Steven Fox: Okay. And then, my question is, on the industrial side, you've got about a $2 billion rough number revenue business in the industrial and the organic growth is up 17%. I was wondering if you can sort of decompose that and how much you would attribute to maybe just better trends in the cycle versus content? Any more color on that would be really helpful? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: When you sit there, there's a couple of things. You have both medical in there and industrial in there. So, when you look at those two  and both of them, really, what we're seeing in factory automation as well as medical continues. Certainly, in the industrial piece of it, it is around the factory automation element. And it is similar to some of the comments I made around automotive. It is global. We're seeing strength in Europe. We're seeing strength in the Americas. And certainly, continuing in China around factory automation. So, I would say, we're seeing the benefit of global strength that has lifted that up. There is content gain in there as well, Steve. That is also a big driver, which is important. The piece that we're just watching back to  a little bit of Craig's question, I do think there are some supply-chain elements that we would expect that business to moderate a little bit in the second half, just due to people trying to secure supply, but that's the one piece that I would say we need a little bit more wait and see on as we get too exciting there.
Steven Fox: Understood. Thanks for your help.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: We'll go to Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thanks. I have two pretty short questions, so I'll ask them at the same time. On the automotive content growth, and now at the higher-end of historical, given the long lead times in models and visibility you have, is it better to say that we're probably at a stage where it's at that high-end or even higher for the foreseeable future? And then, my follow-up question is, on the undersea telecom, we continue to see more and more contracts being awarded and deployed. Yet, you had challenges in that. Was that due to weather or not being able to get the components because it seems like a lot of the backlogs are taking longer than expected, and do you have visibility into that being right-sized about where it should be? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Let me take the second one. It's not weather. It was not  it had nothing to do with component. It's a new project ramp that took us a little bit longer to get out and manufacture it. It was within our shop.  So, when you sit there, it's a big complicated project with new technology. And it took us longer to get the system up and running. And that's impacted us. Like you said, the cycle is very strong. And when you look at the backlog that we booked and the orders year-to-date of $400 million, last year, we did $500 million for the year. We just did $400 million in the first full month of this year. So, the cycle is healthy. And I think it's similar to what we highlighted last month, is we like the cycle. It's elongated. Even some of the programs we want are out in 2021. They aren't programs that we could even start today. So, we do feel it's the cycle that Shad highlighted to you during investor day and this is just a new project ramp that we did resolve. We will get the benefit. But to Shawn's question, project accounting is not always the most intuitive. And it will have to work through over the life of the project. That will create a little lumpiness in the CS market. On your first question on content, it does come back to program launches. It does also come back into mix a little bit. I think we feel very good about that 6% content growth that Steve talked about. In some cases, it will be. Is there more EV adoption versus combustion engine adoption? I can't say we are at a new normal. What I can tell you is, we are very well-positioned against all those trends that are colliding in a positive way in the automotive space. And what I feel very good about, both last year and this year, we're proving to you consistently of our content story versus a production environment that, last year, was 3%. This year, it is 2%. And we're consistently outgrowing it. And it is due to that content position, that's how we bring value to customers. So, I can tell you, we feel very good on what we told you last month. And I don't think one quarter changes it.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Jim.
Sujal Shah: Thanks, Jim. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: We'll go to William Stein with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a very strong results and outlook. The one question I have relates to your more robust view on auto production for the year. As we all know, China is becoming a more important factor in that forecast. And there were some tax incentives that were in place. And I think half of it rolled off about a year ago or thereabouts. And maybe more of it rolling off now. Can you bring us up to date as to what's happening with the incentives in China and how that is affecting your business and maybe whether it's been a surprise or not? Thank you.
Heath Mitts : Actually, the incentives, we spent a lot of time last year talking about the incentives where the incentives probably hung on a little bit longer last year. But the incentives are over in China. And what's really great, like I laid out earlier, it's a global position. The only thing we've seen in China a little bit is we've actually seen the car OEMs get a little bit more aggressive in pricing than actually waiting for a government incentive, probably more traditional behavior that we would we see here in the Western world than what we've seen in China versus government incentive.  But the government incentives are over. And when we think about auto production globally this year, Asia, including China, with China as the biggest piece, we expect to be about 3% for the year. And we expect the globe to be 3% for the year. So, instead of China and Asia having an outperformance versus global auto production, we sort of view it to be an average. And our increase in the auto production from 1% to 2% was as much due to Europe as it was due to Asia. Both contributed and both of that pretty much in the first half of our year. So, production in the first quarter was a little stronger. We expected a little bit stronger due to Europe and Asia here in the second quarter. Second half auto production estimates by us are essentially unchanged.
William Stein: It's very helpful. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you. Well, can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we'll go to Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thank you. I just have a big picture question about margins. If you look at the first quarter, very strong margin performance, helped by the automotive  the Transportation segment and the Industrial segments. But it seems like, if you look at the full year guidance, you're suggesting there some moderation. I think there was some commentary about that as well. So, somewhere in the middle of your 30 to 80 basis point improvement is where I think the full year numbers are coming out. I guess, my question is, is that right you're expecting some moderation in margins and we sort of had a better-than-expected margin performance this quarter versus where you're expecting going forward? And then, as part of that, do you think that maybe some of your second half assumptions for margins are conservative?
Heath Mitts : Well, Sherri, this is Heath. I'll take the question. I would say that, certainly, we came out of the year on all cylinders from a margin perspective and we feel good about the performance. We would expect the margins in the Transportation segment to moderate, closer to the more normalized number, closer to 20 percentish, albeit we'll still show nice year-over-year margin expansion within that segment. Same with the Industrial side. I would say Industrial is probably a little rich in the quarter. But still, lot of positive trends there. Within Communication, as I indicated earlier, we would expect, because of some of the project accounting timing, with SubCom, it would still stay in the low-double-digits, maybe jus inside where we are today. So, conservatism in the second half of the year is for others to discern, not me. But I would say that we're taking a cautious feel and we feel good about the organic growth. We feel good about the orders. And there's nothing in our guidance assumption that assumes there's big cost inflow or major mix change that's different, but we're taking a normal and a fairly cautionary approach. And we'll update everybody every 90 days.
Sherri Scribner: Thanks.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Sherri. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we'll go to Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. Thanks for the opportunity to ask the question. And congratulations on the good quarter. I'll keep it to one question. On SG&A, I think the SG&A percent at 10.9%, just looking at my model, I think that's the lowest in about 10 years. So, very nice job on the SG&A line. How should we think about that item going forward? I think it was 12.1% in 2017. So, are these SG&A savings, is that something that's sustained or should we see an increase? Any sort of color on the ratio for fiscal 2018 would be helpful.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Mark, this is Heath. I think, again, similar to Sherri's question, we had some normal seasonality with that as well. So, I think that's a little bit low from a modeling perspective for fiscal 2018, that 10.9%. But, certainly, as we discussed at the investor day back in December, we do have a goal of moving our operating expenses, inclusive of SG&A, closer to 16%, while protecting our R&D and our raw engineering spend within that. So, you will see progress towards that. I would think that modeling it that low for the rest of the year is probably a little aggressive, though.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Okay, thank you, Mark. It looks like we have no further questions. So, I would like to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning.  If you've got any follow-up questions, please contact investor relations at TE. Thank you. And have a nice day.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This conference will be available for replay after 10:30 today running through February 7 through midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701. International participants dial 1-320-365-3844 and when prompted enter the access code of 441428. Those numbers again, 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844. Access code 441428. That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - IR Terrence Curtin - CEO Heath Mitts - CFO
Analysts: Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Joe Giordano - Cowen Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Jim Suva - Citi Steven Fox - Cross Research Adrienne Colby - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter fiscal year 2017 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During the course of this call, we'll be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we'll use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. Press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. I would like to note that all year-over-year comparisons mentioned in todays call are on comparable 13-week basis and do not include the extra week in fiscal 2016. I would also like to remind investors and analysts that we will be hosting an Analyst Day event in New York City on December 13 for the reception with the management plan on the evening of December 12. You can now register on our website. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, I remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we're able to cover all the questions during the allotted time. And let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Sujal and thank you everyone for joining us today. I'm very pleased to share our strong results for the fourth quarter, which capped off an exceptional year for TE across all the value drivers of our business model, including sales growth, earnings growth, as well as capital generation and deployment. Before I get into the slides, I want to spend a few minutes highlighting the progress we've made, demonstrating a successful execution of our strategy to create a safer, sustainable, productive and connected future. We are focused on attractive markets fueled by content growth and our sales growth this year is evidence of this.  Our portfolio is solid with clear competitive advantages that have the ability to consistently deliver above market growth. Also, our customers value our ability to provide highly engineered solutions into applications where failure is not an option. To put this into context, to value creating for owners in 2017, we delivered 9% recorded revenue growth and 8% organic growth, which we believe is best in class performance versus our industrial technology peers.  Adjusted operating margins expanded by 110 basis points to 16.8% with expansion in all three of our segments. And both the sales and the operating margin expansion resulted in adjusted earnings per share growth of 22%, which demonstrates the strength of our business model and resulted in performance above our guidance. For the full year, we delivered record free cash flow of $1.7 billion, which represents 100% free cash flow conversion to net income. We also returned $1.2 billion to shareholders and added two acquisitions that bolt on nicely to existing platforms in our portfolio, reflecting our balanced capital deployment strategy. We're also pleased that our return on invested capital expanded by over 100 basis points during the year to nearly 15%. As we look forward into fiscal 18, we are expecting another year of strong performance, above the markets we serve with 6% revenue growth, 4% on an organic basis and double digit growth in adjusted earnings per share, after netting out the impact of tax and currency. Heath and I will get into more detail on guidance later in a call. So lets get in to the slides and Id ask that you turn to slide 3 and let me cover some additional highlights for the fourth quarter. We delivered record performance above our guidance for the fourth quarter with double digit revenue and earnings per share growth. Sales were $3.5 billion, representing 12% reported growth and 9% organic growth year-over-year. Also, organic orders were up 11% in total, reflecting 16% growth in Asia and 9% growth, both in the Americas and in Europe.  Our sales were approximately $200 million above the midpoint of our guidance, driven by upside across all three of our segments. This strong revenue growth and related margin conversion resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $1.25 in the quarter, $0.10 above the midpoint of our guidance. From an organic growth perspective by segment, transportation grew 13%, industrial grew 6% and our communications segment grew 4%. With the backdrop of the strong growth, we demonstrated strong execution with adjusted operating margins expanding 70 basis points to 16.7%. If you could please turn to slide 4, let me cover some more highlights related to the full fiscal year of 17. We delivered sales of $13.1 billion and this was up 9% on a reported and 8% on an organic basis. From an organic growth perspective, we grew our sales by $1 billion in 2017, with all of our segments contributing. Transportation grew 11% versus global oil production growth of 3%, demonstrating consistent outperformance versus the market due to content growth trends as well as our strong global position.  Industrial solutions grew 4% driven by continued momentum in both factory automation as well as medical applications. And our communications segment grew 7% with growth across all three of our businesses. For the year, adjusted operating margins were 16.8% with expansion in all three of our segments, demonstrating our strong operational execution in 2017 and this resulted in us delivering adjusted earnings per share of $4.83, which was up 22% over the prior year. Now, let me get into order trends, so if you can please move to slide 5. We continue to see broad based strength in our orders across our segments, which reinforces our growth outlook for the first quarter. Total orders, excluding SubCom, were similar to our third quarter, at $3.3 billion. Our orders were up 12% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 10% organically.  Organically, excluding SubCom, our orders grew evenly at approximately 10% across all three regions, continuing the balanced demand trends we have been seeing over the past few quarters. By segment, in transportation, our orders increased 11% organically with growth in all regions. Our industrial orders grew 8% organically with growth in all regions and particular strength in Asia, which showed double digit growth. In communications, excluding SubCom, we saw year-over-year organic order growth of 6%, which strengthened in both appliances as well as data and devices. Let me now talk about our performance by segment and if you could please turn to slide 6, Ill start with transportation. Transportation sales grew 13% organically year-over-year and operating margins were in line with our expectations and impacted by supply chain issues we discussed last quarter. Segment sales exceeded expectations due to strong auto demand in both Europe as well as in China. Our leading position in the heavy truck market had shown growth in sensors.  Our auto sales were up 10% organically with mid-single digit growth in the Americas, mid teen growth in Europe and high single digit growth in Asia against the global auto production growth of only 1%. We are consistently demonstrating the ability to outperform the market due to content growth and we expect this trend to continue. We also expect the benefit from new program ramps as we move forward, which will also contribute to our outperformance versus vehicle production levels. In commercial transportation, we continued to outperform the market with organic revenue growth of 37% year-over-year and particular strength in Asia.  This significant outperformance is driven by a combination of increased content from regulations to China as well as share gains from our leading global position. We saw double digit growth in each region with continued momentum in heavy trucks as well as growth in the agriculture, mining and constructions markets. While we do expect the China heavy truck market to moderate as we move through 18, we expect to continue to see revenue growth ahead of market growth rates. In sensors, our business grew 9% organically year-over-year with growth in auto, commercial transportation and the industrial markets.  We continue to generate strong design win momentum, particularly in auto applications we're winning across a broad range of sensing products as well as technologies. Adjusted operating margins for the segment were in the range of our expectations and were impacted by approximately 150 basis points from the near term supply chain efficiencies we highlighted last quarter. We expect this issue to be largely behind us by the end of this quarter with December quarter margins returning to above 19%, which is in line with our target model. If you can please turn to page 7 and let me move over to the industrial solutions segment. The growth momentum we started to see in the second quarter of our fiscal 2017 continues with 6% organic growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter. This organic growth was driven by 13% growth in industrial equipment, which was -- with particular strength in both factory automation as well as medical applications. Our positions in these markets coupled with the acquisition completed last year driving strong growth ahead of the market, both on a reported and on an organic basis.  Both the Intercontec and Creganna acquisitions continue to perform exceptionally well and ahead of our expectations. In our aerospace and defense and marine business, we saw 1% organic growth driven by the defense market partially offset by program timing in commercial aerospace, which continues to be sluggish. Our energy business declined 2% organically due to weakness in Europe. Adjusted operating margins for the segment expanded 80 basis points year over year in line with our expectations. Our adjusted EBITDA margins expanded by 150 basis points year-over-year, demonstrating the performance of the business, excluding the impact from acquisition related amortization. Please turn to page 8, so let me get into the communications solutions. Communications solutions delivered its fourth consecutive quarter of growth with 4% organic growth and 430 basis points adjusted operating margin expansion, up to 16.4% and this is through both a combination of the growth were experiencing and the operational improvements weve made in the segment.  Data and devices delivered 6% organic growth as we continue to benefit from growth of high speed solutions and because of our multi-year transformation, our D&D business doubled at suggested operating margin from a year ago, driving significant improvement at the segment level as the actions we took to focus the portfolio and optimize the operations were really taking hold. Appliances had another strong quarter with 10% organic growth as demand remains strong, particularly in Asia.  Our performance this year is a result of share gains and the benefits of the strong China air conditioning cycle. We do expect the cycle to moderate in China as we move through 2018 and we continue to expect our client business to grow globally above market rates in fiscal 2018. In SubCom, our business declined slightly as a result of program timing, while we continue to have a solid pipeline of new opportunities. Hopefully, you saw that this week we announced a new transpacific program that connects Asia to the United States through the consortium of parties, including cloud customers. With this win we announced, our backlog now stands at approximately $1 billion. Please turn to slide 9 and let me cover the segment highlights for the full year. I really like how the slide shows the progress we made across all segments and when you sit here, overall for the full year, we had exceptional performance in the transportation segment with 11% organic growth and 40 basis points of adjusted operating margins to 19.4%. We do expect another year of above market growth in fiscal 2018 and operating margins to be in our normalized range of 20% plus or minus for the full year. Our industrial solutions segment delivered 11% reported growth and 4% organic growth for the full year with contribution from all the businesses.  Adjusted operating margins expanded 50 basis points to 12.7% driven by both growth and the operational improvements were making in this segment and we expect another year of mid-single digit organic growth and margin expansion in 2018. In communications, it clearly had a phenomenal year in 2017 and contributed to both TEs top line performance as well as margin expansion. This was driven by the 7% organic growth and almost 400 basis points of adjusted margin expansion.  Clearly, we made hard work in this segment, especially around data and devices business and clearly this performance at the segment shows the successful transformation as well as the growth organic from high speed solutions for the data center. Also, our appliance business grew 13% organically, reflecting our industry leading position and our SubCom business saw strong growth of 6%. Yeah. So Im very proud to say all segments contributed to our growth in margin expansion in 2017 and youll also see that again in 2018. So with that, Ill turn it back over to Heath to cover the financials.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence and good morning, everyone. If you please turn to slide 10, Ill provide more details on Q4 financials. Adjusted operating income was 576 million with an adjusted operating margin rate of 16.7% which leverages the strong organic growth of 9%. GAAP operating income was 552 million and included 23 million of restructuring charges and 1 million of acquisition charges. Adjusted EPS was $1.25, up 10% year over year, driven by sales growth, operating margin improvement and the contribution from acquisitions.  Excluding an $0.08 negative year-over-year impact from tax, adjusted EPS was up a strong 17%. For the quarter, our EPS performance was above our prior range and $0.10 above prior midpoint due to the strong revenue performance. GAAP EPS was $1.21 for the quarter and included restructuring charges of $0.04. For the full year 2017, restructuring charges were approximately 150 million and I expect similar levels for 2018, driven primarily by activity in our industrial solutions segment as we optimize the footprint as well as make structural improvements across TEs cost structure. Turning to slide 11, our strong Q4 results demonstrate that we are performing well against our business model and executing upon multiple levers to drive earnings growth, including organic revenue growth, a consistent capital deployment strategy of M&A and return capital to our owners as well as our TEOA efforts. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33% with improvement from prior year, driven by fall through on increased volumes and productivity improvements from TEOA programs. This was partially offset by the impact of supply chain inefficiencies in our transportation segment, which Terrence already discussed.  Adjusted operating margins were up 70 basis points year-over-year to 16.7% with strong organic growth driving leverage in the operating structure of the company. Adjusted EBITDA margins in Q4 were 21.5%, up 80 basis points year over year. For the full year, adjusted operating margins were up 110 basis points to 60.8% with contributions from all segments. We expect further margin expansion in fiscal 18, while continuing to invest for growth in support of our growing design win pipeline.  As weve discussed on previous calls, were also committed to reducing SG&A as a percent of revenue overtime, while making progress. We ended 2017 with an adjusted effective tax rate of 17.4% for the full year. Going forward, I would expect more normalized full year adjusted effective tax rate of 19% to 20% for 2018, which results in a tax headwind of $0.17 in our 2018 guidance compared to our 2017 results. Our business continues to generate solid free cash flow with record Q4 and full year performance.  In the quarter, cash from continuing operations was 873 million, and free cash flow was 691 million. We returned 376 million to shareholders through dividend and share repurchases in the quarter. For the full year, free cash flow was a record 1.7 billion, the 100% net income conversion demonstrating a high quality of earnings. In fiscal 2017, we returned 1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and used 215 million for acquisitions.  Converting earnings to cash provides the ability to support both return of capital acquisitions while retaining the strong financial position. As we balanced the use of our cash flow, return on invested capital is an important metric we measure ourselves. We have made good progress this year expanding ROIC by over 100 basis points to nearly 15% as Terrence mentioned earlier. Weve included a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. And with that, Ill turn the call back over to Terrence.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Heath. And let me get into guidance for 2018 and Ill start with our first quarter, which is on slide 12 of the presentation. For the first quarter, we are expecting a strong start to our fiscal year. We expect first quarter revenues at $3.35 billion to $3.45 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.23 to $1.27. At the midpoint, this represents reported sales growth of 10%, organic sales growth of 5% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 9%.  By segment, we expect transportation solutions to grow low double digits on a reported basis, which includes the recent acquisition of Hirschmann, a leading provider of antenna technology and products and Hirschmann bolsters our position as a value added solution provider in the connected vehicle applications, truly a high growth area. On an organic basis, we expect mid-single digit growth in transportation. We expect auto to be up mid-single digits with global auto production being flat year over year, once again demonstrating outperformance due to content growth.  We also expect strong growth in commercial transportation and continued growth in sensors. And as I mentioned earlier, we do expect segment adjusted operating margins to above 19% in the first quarter. In industrial solutions, we expect to grow mid-single digits organically with growth driven by continued strength in both factory automation and medical applications. And in communications, we expect low single digit growth with growth in data and devices and appliances offsetting some impact from SubCom project timing for the quarter. Now, let me move to the full year and if you can turn to slide 13, Ill get into it. We expect full year revenue of $13.7 billion to $14.1 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $5.13 and $5.33. At the midpoint, this represents reported sales growth of 6% and organic sales growth of 4%. Bridging between the 6% total growth and organic of 4%, we do expect acquisitions and currency exchange rates to each add about 100 basis points of growth in 2018.  On an adjusted EPS growth is expected to be 8% at the midpoint. We expect further margin expansion in 2018 and its important to note that the adjusted EPS guidance is negatively impacted by tax headwinds of $0.17, which Heath talked about and positively impacted by currency exchange rates of $0.05. If you net out both the tax and currency factors, our EPS guidance reflects double digit growth. In 2018, we again expect growth in all three of our segments. In transportation, we expect to be up high single digits on a reported basis and up mid-single digits organically.  Auto is expected to be up mid-single digits organically on 1% auto production growth this year, reflecting continued content growth and share gains. Commercial transportation is expected to continue to outperform its end market, benefiting from content expansion and share gains in heavy truck and we expect another year of growth in sensors. In industrial solutions, we expect it to grow mid-single digits on both a reported and organic basis, with the primary growth drivers being factory automation and medical applications.  In communications, we expect to be up low single digits both on a reported and an organic basis. In data and devices, we expect to benefit from high speed ramps in cloud infrastructure customers as well as design ramps for server OEMs. Data and devices and appliances is expected to more than offset some declines in SubCom due to program timing in 2018. In summary, I feel very good about our portfolio as well as our execution and believe TE is well positioned to continue to deliver profitable growth ahead of our markets. We have established levers to drive earnings growth and continue to perform well against our business model, as demonstrated by our strong fiscal results at 2017. We do look forward to sharing more with you as part of our Investor Day in December and I hope that you can join us. Before, we do go into Q&A, I do want to close by thanking our employees for the strong execution this past year and their continued commitment to grow TE as well as our customers. So now, lets open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well first go to the line of Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: First question on autos. Terrence, the 10% growth versus 1% production, you guys have been tracking 2 or 3 and that certainly stands out. So if you can just touch on if there's any timing elements and then as part of that question, from a sensor program perspective, any visibility in terms of when you see those new design wins ramping on the sensor side in autos?
Terrence Curtin: Let me take and there are two pieces. So first off on automotive, there is no timing, so there is actually, its anyway, were trying to catch up some of the inefficiencies weve talked about, but really what was nice about fourth quarter was how even our [indiscernible]. We saw  earlier in the year, we had tremendous growth in Asia and as we came through the year, as China slowed a little bit, we still had the fourth quarter around 9% in Asia, 14% growth in Europe and also 5% growth in the Americas. So its pretty broad based and really from that, I think thats where you really see the benefit. As we go forward, and I think its reflected in our guidance, we see next year to be a pretty tempered auto production. We expect production to be flat in the first half and we expect really the 1% growth for the year to really be driven out of Asia as well as Europe, with the United States being down a little bit and we still think were going to get the net single digit from the content growth. So we feel very good about the momentum we have and its consistent that we can grow content above production around the trends. On sensors, your second question, we feel very good about the growth we had this quarter and it was across all three pieces that we sort of look at in the sensors and we had a nice growth in automotive, we had nice growth in commercial transportation as well as the broader industrial markets to grow them. The program ramps are similar to what we told you before. We expect some of the auto ramps, that will be happening more in the latter half of next year, that one youre going to see the benefits of those. And that will help in the later half but nothing has really changed from what we told you.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then if I can just ask a follow-up for Heath, step up in buybacks this quarter, any read through to that? I know you guys have been pretty consistent about the cash return policy, but did notice that an increase in buybacks in the quarter?
Heath Mitts: No. Nothing has changed from a perspective of our overall capital deployment strategy. Clearly, we had good cash flow generation in the quarter, we balance that out with acquisition activity thats going on and make sure that we hold to a reasonable cash level and then return money back to the owners of the company. So nothing thats strategically changed in terms of our outlook on that.
Operator: That will be from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen.
Joe Giordano: Just kind of following up on that last question, M&A outlook, I know it's a core part of your business, of your strategy. Its a part of your capital allocation program. I know your goal is to be a little bit more disciplined on price versus maybe some of the acquisitions you did historically and you're in an environment with pretty high valuations, so how are you looking at this right now and how does the pipeline look and maybe some comments on potential timing of that?
Terrence Curtin: Sure. And I appreciate the question. Listen, M&A activity is never as linear as you like to model it to be. The reality is, weve got above sticks in the fire, were probing around in all areas that you would think that we would be acquiring in. Some of the platform activity that was done in sensors and in medical has enabled us to tackle a couple of more fragmented markets where we can go after bolt-ons, we can layer in to those existing - to this platforms that we brought into the TE portfolio. But were out there pretty aggressively right now looking for things, but to your point it is a pretty good seller's market and we have to speak to our discipline accordingly. So we are active is what I would say. I think you'll continue to see us announce a handful of Hirschmann like size deals over the next couple of years. And our goal is still to make that an important lever to our business model. But it is an expensive market, there is no doubt about it, there's a lot of competition for deals out there. So were going to maintain our discipline, but still aggressively go out and cultivate activity.
Joe Giordano: And then as a follow up, you mentioned like a 150 million or so in restructuring. I just wanted to whats your internal kind of estimate for cost out from actions you've done previously into 18. And how should we think about 150 youre spending this year playing out. And kind to just more broadly where are you, do you think you are in this whole journey of site consolidations and kind of streamlining the production footprint of the company.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. I think as a rule of thumb, not all restructuring activities is treated equal right in terms of returns, but on average its about two-year payback on the restructuring dollars that we spent on a cash payback. Obviously it depends where in the world you do these things. You could have a quicker or longer payback. But on average its about two years. So you can model that in relative to what we spend this year and what we are going to spend next year. The second part of your question though about where we are in the journey. Listen, the company well before I got here, a little over a year ago had done a tremendous amount of heavy lifting in the communications solution segment, rightsizing primarily the data and device business as starting back I think as far 2012 as we walked away from about a billion dollars of revenue that was no longer going to be part of our strategic content and having to rightsizing the business for that. So over that four year journey or so you saw a lot of activity in that segment. We feel very good about the operating footprint as you think about communications solutions today. Our focus has churned a little more towards the industrial solutions business, just been the beneficiary of a fair number of acquisition over the last several years and there's some natural site consolidation activity that would  to optimize that footprint. And well softly tackle that, but its going to take a couple to three years to get through that. And I think it's important that our customers and employees are first remind on that we don't want to do anything to disrupt what's going on there. So were growing nicely and most pieces of our industrial solutions segment we have to contemplate that as well as we think about where we have capacity around the world. But I would envision a couple to three years would be my  if I was going to guide you to that.
Operator: That will be the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Terrence, you reported 8% organic growth in 2017 that's pretty impressive. Guidance implies 4% organic. Can you just talk about sort of what you're seeing from an end market perspective going into 18? And I have a follow up.
Terrence Curtin: Great question Wamsi, and let me paint a little bit of backdrop. When we think about this year, I really think we did a good job capitalizing as markets improved. So first off when you think about maybe going from eight to four, I would start with transportation. We had a 3% auto production environment here, in 2017, we expect that to step down to 1%. We do believe with our content and our win, we're going to grow above market, spend in single-digit where we guided, certainly auto production is moving up from three to one. Secondly, both in transportation as well as in our CS segment, we benefited from content gain as well as share gain both in appliance and our industrial transportation business really around China. Some cycles that had some regulations and I talked about air conditioning segment in appliance. We do expect those markets to come back a little bit more to reality as we go and moderate through the year. But we do see growth in those markets, but we don't expect to grow as high as we had in 17. In industrial, I would tell you, I think weve seen more of the same. I think the industrial markets throughout this year got more momentum as I said they become balanced across the world. And I sort of knew you are continuing to see this mid-single digit growth where we been running in the second half. And then the last thing that I would say on the bridging sort of eight to the four is, our SubCom business grew 6% last year, well over $900 million. What we're looking at next year, we expect SubCom to be $800 million to $900 million based upon the backlog thats over a billion dollars I talked about. And whats really nice about that is, we do expect our data and devices as well as appliances growth to offset even as SubCom is down a little bit. Its still a high point in cycle, but we do think its elongated. So there are some of the moving parts qualitatively that are reflected in the guidance that I talked about as part of the script and in the slides.
Wamsi Mohan: And I guess my follow up and its somewhat related to your answer here, you showed pretty significant operating margin improvement and you noted some pretty strong above market trends here in fiscal 17. You EBIT margin improved double of what you typically expect of 50 bps and more than double and are still depressed my some supply chain inefficiencies. Your guidance is implying roughly 50 bps going into next year. And I'm just wondering why wont it be higher than that given that you still have sort of 4% organic growth and you don't have the headwinds of supply chains inefficiencies that you're sort of lapping this quarter. Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Part of this, as Terrence said we still have another quarter or so of the inefficiencies as we ramp that up through the calendar year. And were taking a reasonable view where our investment levels are going to be for next year as well as where the growth is coming from and have mixed layers into that. But in general I would say we feel very good about the work that transportation teams has done to handle this revenue growth and dealing with the situation of improving what has been the efficiencies and where we see that going in terms of progress towards remediation on that. And we feel good about our ability to extend margins in the other two segments as well. So I think were going to be off to a good start here in our first quarter and well continue to update you as the year progresses.
Operator: That will be from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Shawn Harrison: Hopefully my math is right, I'm not working off a candy hangover, but if we get a two year payback on last year's restructuring program and this years as well that's maybe 150 million Id say of I guess benefits to potentially come to the P&L. Are there any offsets, I know commodities are up or things like that that would negate kind of that easy math of 150 million of potential benefits from the two years of restructuring.
Heath Mitts: Well, I think the math is a little -- your math seems a little rich, but there certainly are some things. I mean we don't bridge every last thing. There's no doubt that commodity pressures are embedded in our guidance. I mean if you were to just - look at just commodities alone and freeze that today its probably $0.10 of headwind in the quarter, I'm sorry, for the full year, if commodity prices stay where they are today, for 2018, I mean we're not going to go through all of the pieces because we've got productivity initiatives, restructuring initiatives and things like that to offset those types of things. But certainly its a balanced view of where those types of cost reside as well as some of the investment level as we are. We have a very rich revenue pipeline right now across most of our businesses. And we are making investments in both OpEx as well in CapEx. So engineering and capital expenditures to make those - handle this type of outsize revenue growth relative to our market. So its a balanced view, but certainly there's puts and takes. Restructuring impact does help us, there is no doubt, not just in the short term but in the long term in terms of the optimized footprint going forward and we're making a bestselling place as well.
Shawn Harrison: There's a follow up if I may, Terrence last quarter I think you may have mentioned that you're seeing a little bit of a disconnect between longer term orders relative to immediate term kind of bookings that you would guide to. Did you see that normalize a bit with distribution maybe selling matching sell through a little bit more evenly here through October.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah Shaw, I did mention that last quarter. And in some ways we did see some things expanding out. When you look at the orders, orders have stayed pretty consistent in quarter three, quarter four as I mentioned. The other thing I would say is we are seeing from our channel partners sell through and sell out rates, so thats selling into them and their PSO out, are marrying each other. So we see inventory turns staying very healthy, we dont see inventory building up. And from that viewpoint I think things are reasonably in balance where we see things right now. So, where things are especially in a quarter where typically they get a little weaker because in many cases their end of the year at December, staying pretty solid.
Operator: That will be from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Two quick clarification questions. First was on the restructuring I believe you said 150 million, was that for fiscal year ending 2017 or outlook for 2018 and what would the outlook for restructuring cost be for 2018.
Heath Mitts: Jim, this is Heath. Its actually both. Approximately 150 million for 2017 and we expect similar levels for 2018.
Jim Suva: And the changes in tax, is that relative to your recent acquisitions or some change in tax filing or the souring of your income or how should we think about what's going on with your taxes and this rate expected to continue to increase assuming no political tax reform?
Heath Mitts: Our rate is not  our guidance rate of 19% to 20% for the year does not contemplate any kind of tax reform as we're not going to speculate on what that may look like. But I would tell this, you know, as global as we are, our construct is really complicated journey to through and decipher well what the moving parts are going to be on our tax rates. Some of it is jurisdictional mix in terms of the increase and the results of some. These are handful of small three things that benefited us in 2017 that we do not anticipate repeating in 2018 around statute explorations that we have reserved for that we benefited from in 2017 that do not happen again in 2018. But I think probably more importantly our security towards the fact that our cash tax rate was still inside of our ETR for 2017 and well continue to be even inside of that 19 to 20 for next year. Our cash tax rate tends to run roughly 150 basis points below our published effective tax rate which is more important metric as we think about.
Jim Suva: Then my last question is on the transportation, with transportation revenues being up year-over-year, the margins being down year-over-year, you mentioned supply chain inefficiencies are something. Can you go into a little bit of details of exactly what is going on there? Because I believe this is now the second quarter of that. And I think you said through the December quarter. So that would be three quarters of, it seemed like an awful long time to remedy some challenges for a company like yourself who's been in this industry for decades.
Heath Mitts: Well, I mean if you look at the revenue growth Jim, I mean the revenue growth is far outside of what the market growth is. And were winning and content wins have been great of the topline. Some of the challenges that the supply chain reacting to our ability to get certain types of parts. And so there's in-sourcing activities going on, most of the cost is related to expedite freight charges, spending more money on things to get things to our customers in a more timely manner is costing us a fair amount of money to do that. I would say this, the team has done a nice job. But when you're talking about adding stamping and welding machines, it tends to be a fairly long lead times, these are not things you to go by off of a retail floor, you get order, commission them and install them and get them up and running. And we are aggressively doing that. I would say that the quarter we just finished that we're talking about today we peaked out in terms of those inefficiencies. We are seeing in real time that those costs are starting to come down, but it will be behind us by the end of this quarter largely. So yes, it was a three quarter journey, it happens. I would say the revenue growth, the demand for our products are real good. And we're on top of it. But there's no doubt that has caused some pain points for the team as theyve had to respond aggressively towards this. And it did impact. I think we noted in the call, it impacted segment margins by 150 basis points. So we would have grown our margins in the mid-19% range absent these inefficiencies. But we do feel good, we will back for margin rate perspective, in the first quarter back well north of 19% and feel good about where they year is going to end for transportation.
Operator: That will be from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst : This is Erwin Lu [ph] dialing in for Amit. I had a question about SubCom, you talked about the business being impacted by products timing issues. If I'm not mistaken, I think last quarter you indicated that the business would be flat year-over-year in fiscal 2018. I guess from a timing perspective, can you just provide or give us a sense of what's changed versus 90 days ago.
Terrence Curtin: Couple of things, SubCom is very different than the rest of our businesses. So this is much more of a project construction based business, so how projects come in, how we have to permit those projects, also how our customers want to get those charged in the project, when we look at it, it does get a little bit lumpy and its been like that forever. So when you sit there, nothing has really changed about the business, we feel good about the backlog, being around $1 billion which is where its been now, plus or minus a little bit for multiple years. And it give us confidence about this cycle being elongated versus what weve had historically. And that cycle once again is around the need for data in our cloud provider customers and that's whats great even about our latest award includes them. So as we look into next year, like I said in my comments we look at the project timing, it looks like were going to be in that $800 million to $900 million range as we go into next year. Well have to see how projects fill in. but right now I don't think anything's changed from last quarter, its just what we expected to be up at this higher point of the cycle, plus or minus a little bit.
Unidentified Analyst : And just as a follow up, as I look at your communications solutions business, particularly in data devices and appliances, you indicated that growth in Asia was a major driver of your performance. Is it possible to talk about some of the underlying demand trends on sort of an ex-Asia basis?
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, a couple of things. So in appliances, it is your traditionally driver, so it is around appliance bills, home starts and really this year I would say outside of Asia, traditional appliance that was sort of a low single-digit market. We were able to grow faster than that due to our leading position as well as content wins weve had. But really we benefited from an air conditioning cycle in Cycle that was much stronger and you saw all that growth throughout the year. And that in devices its really a global business when you think about how those customers act. We did see strength in Asia really around cloud and how we sell to as the cloud builds out. But when we said they are going forward, we do see Asia will always be a big driver when it comes to data and devices just due to where the products made also where the design is done. So outside the United States isnt as relevant  outside of Asia sorry isn't as relevant for data and devices when it comes to revenue.
Operator: That will be from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Two questions from me. First off, you've mentioned both content wins and market share gains. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the market share gains for a few minutes in terms of what's driving that, where they're most prevalent and assume maybe we should exclude the data business since that seems to be a specific product cycle for you guys. But outside of data, can you talk about market share gains. And I have a follow up.
Terrence Curtin: Certainly, there's an element of what we track Steve, both regionally and I think when you take the share gains ex-content, we feel very good about our momentum in auto. Globally we also feel very good on share momentum in our ICT business. And I would also say if you jump into industrial growth and what we've been able to accomplish in the industrial side both of the factory, automation as well as medical. When you get into excluding data in appliance, I would tell you we had tremendous momentum from a share gain in Asia over many years now. Taking our leading position in more of a Western position around Europe and then United States than actually has our Asian customers have become more global players then they work historically really driving share gain wins in Asia through all the major appliance manufacturers. So when you look at share gains at our ex-content or electronification, really they're the markets that we see it in and in more of our traditional products.
Steven Fox: And then just as a follow up, the Hirschmann acquisition obviously makes sense, but it seems to suggest maybe you're expanding your look at what you're going after in auto around connected applications. Is that correct and if so, what does it say for maybe other deals in that area or do you have enough now to do more in terms of just getting and stuff like that.
Terrence Curtin: Steve, on Hirschmann, I don't think I would say its different, I do think it's things that we actually do already and how do we get a little bit deeper in it. So when you look at Hirschmann, and Hirschmann what it does is really be antenna technology and how that integrates into the [indiscernible] are some things that we've done already in our automotive business. So we get excited about its an area where weve had transaction organically and we do typically look at where we have traction organically for an inorganic similar to what we did [indiscernible] and similar to what we did with medical. But when you take Hirschmann there were things we were doing that might have been a little bit on the lower tech scale than what Hirschmann did. And what this really allows us to do is continue to build our penetration around the connected car infrastructure really around the physical network that happens in a vehicle, so thats within vehicle. So its a natural extension of what we're doing. And we're happy to have Hirschmann as part of our team and that opens up a bigger content envelope than what we were doing historically. So it actually allows us to continue to building strong content momentum that we talked to you about and opens up a bigger area that we can also take Hirschmann more global than they have been because they have been very European centric and how do we take that technology with our strong auto position. So I would say its a go-to market play, its also getting core technology a little bit broader, I wouldnt say its completely different than what we do that would be the only thing I would modify from what your question was.
Operator: That would be from the line of Matthew Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi. This is [indiscernible] on behalf of Mat Sheerin. In the past and currently you mentioned that cloud and hyper scale infrastructure has been a big driver for data and devices. Could you just be able to give more detail on the materiality in the segment as well as your growth expectations for fiscal year on that segment. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: But when you take it, and Im going to talk higher level. When you take our data devices businesses, you sort of break it down. We dont have much exposure to consumer anymore and that what Heath talked about as we moved away from that to really point our engineers harsher environments. So when you think about our data devices business there's an element of it probably about 30%, 40% that relates to traditional telco infrastructure. There is an element that also relates to wireless and then there is an element that relates to the cloud. And certainly cloud means both servers as well as the emerging hyperscale providers that we all talk about a lot. So when you sit there really the traditional telco infrastructure has been pretty muted. I think youve seen that. On the wireless side we are waiting for some of the 5G rollouts that are upcoming over the next couple of years to really help that piece of the pie. But clearly when you take this year, the growth has really been driven by the cloud and the our hyperscale customers. And that has created I would say almost all the growth weve had in our data devices business this year and has offset some of the slowness in the traditional telco and wireless infrastructure. So that's the way I would ask you think about it in response to our question.
Operator: That would be from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Adrienne Colby: Hi, its Adrienne Colby for Sherri Scribner, thanks for taking the question. Within industrial solutions, commercial aerospace continues to be a bit of a drag. Just wondering if you could provide some color on the ongoing timing issue. And also if you could talk about the trends you're seeing in oil and gas, just trying to understand better what was going on energy in the quarter.
Terrence Curtin: So let me your first question, so in commercial aerospace, clearly thats about almost 50% of what we do in our aerospace and defense business. And when you sit there and the contact what we have we feel very good about, both with -- both airplane manufacturers. What weve seen a sluggishness throughout the supply chain on build rates, and really thats been something that has been happening all year. So we feel very good with the content and clearly as that momentum picks up as build rates and the supply chain were through thats a sluggishness were talking about. On oil and gas, oil and gas in not our energy business, our energy business is much more around power transmission, distribution and generation. The oil and gas businesses at our aerospace and defense submarine business and I would say that business was very flat this year. We continue to see stabilization in that market, but we expect slight growth next year, but its still running around $120 million per annum. And we not expecting some big rebound in that as we go through our 2018 guidance.
Operator: That will be from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] on for Mark, thank you for taking the question. My first question is on automotive. How is TE thinking about the increased auto purchase tax in China in 2018 within its guidance?
Terrence Curtin: When you sit there, we look at auto production. And so right now when we're sitting there, we do sort of view auto production next year in China to be relatively flat to this year of low-single digit. So when we sit there clearly this year, we had very strong growth, about 9% production growth in China. So as the incentives have worked off and the facts you talked about, we do expect more muted China production next year and thats included in our 1% global auto production. Despite that we feel very comfortable that were going to grow mid-single digit on that backdrop of global production. And whats really nice about our global positioning in automotive is we really see that Europe will be a big growth driver in next year based upon our contact wins. So you're going to hear us talk a little bit more about Europe as we go into next year, while this year has been very much around China and Asia in automotive. You are going to see our European based upon our great global position that we have.
Unidentified Analyst : And as a follow up, the sequential revenue guide in 1Q fiscal 18 is more benign than typical seasonality. Can you discuss what the main driver or drivers of that are?
Heath Mitts: Largely just, we would agree with you. But largely driven by the stronger order rates coming out of our fourth quarter where we see world. As were looking at it we have pretty strong orders across all the businesses and across all regions. So it's a lot of going back to what Terrence has been talking about in the last few minutes around content and market share. We feel very, very good about it, but agree that it's not the normal seasonal step down that we would normally see. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Tim. It looks like there is no further anymore questions. So if you have any more questions please contact investor relations at TE. Thanks for joining us this morning and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd. Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd. Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.
Analysts: Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Q3 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. And as a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Sujal Shah, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter 2017 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During the course of this call, we'll be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we'll be using certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. Press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we're able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Before I turn the call over to Terrence, I'm pleased to announce that we'll be hosting an Analyst Day event in New York City on December 13 for the reception of management plan of the evening of December 12. So please hold these dates to attend. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Sujal and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'm very excited to share our strong results for the third quarter and our increased growth and earnings outlook we're providing for the full year. I believe this quarter's performance continues to demonstrate the strength of our business model with all of our segments contributing. It also reflects the ongoing effective implementation of our strategy to create safer, sustainable, productive and connected solutions for our customers. To briefly recap the key elements of our strategy that we've been driving, number one it's about driving above market growth through our focus on harsh environment applications, where we can accelerate content growth. Secondly, it's about leveraging our TEOA continuous improvement system to expand our margin. And lastly, it's delivery and consistent execution of our balanced capital allocation strategy, which allows us to further strengthen our position in our markets via bolt-on M&A, while also returning capital back to our owners. When you look at our third quarter, we delivered sales of $3.4 billion. This represents 8% organic growth year-over-year with growth across all our segments, as well as regions. We delivered 50 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion year-over-year and adjusted earnings per share of $1.24, which is up 15% over the prior year. This year's growth in EPS year-over-year was entirely driven by our sales and operating income performance. If you want to look at our $1.24 compared to our guidance of $1.16 approximately half was driven by the higher sales growth of 8% with the remainder driven by taxes and a little bit of currency. As a result of our momentum and what we're seeing in our markets in orders, we are raising the mid-point of our revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance to $12.9 billion and $4.73 in EPS. This represents 7% organic revenue growth and 20% adjusted EPS growth versus the prior year. With this, we firmly believe that TE is firing on all cylinders with all segments contributing to both revenue growth and margin expansion this year. As I think about this year and to put it in perspective, back when we gave guidance in November, we assumed 3% organic growth and $4.34 adjusted earnings per share compared to the $3.95 we did in 2016 on a 52-week basis. The increase since the start of the year reflects strong organic growth across all segments and operational improvements across our businesses that now results in the 7% organic growth and 20% adjusted earnings per share growth, driven almost entirely by our strong operational performance. The broad-based growth ahead of the markets we serve continues to reinforce our strategic progress on content growth and having the right products to the right markets. If you look at our new guidance for the year compared to last quarter, the 7% organic growth outlook is an improvement of 100 basis points, and we're raising our earnings per share guidance by $0.11. I'd appreciate if you could turn to slide 3 and let me review some of additional highlights from the third quarter. Not only do we have growth across all segments and regions, but each of our segments delivered growth ahead of our expectations in the quarter. We delivered 8% organic growth in Transportation, with growth across automotive, commercial transportation and sensors. In Industrial Solutions, organic growth of 5% was driven by strength in factory automation and medical applications. And in the Communications Solutions segment, sales increased 14% organically with growth across each of our three business units, demonstrating the progress we have made in transforming this segment to be a contributor to overall TE performance. Also during the quarter, we had strong free cash flow of over $400 million that we generated, and we returned $324 million back to our owners, and we also announced bolt-on acquisitions in the automotive and medical markets that will expand our portfolio and ability to provide integrated highly engineered solutions in these growing markets. Let me get into the order trends. I appreciate if you could turn to slide 4. We continue to see broad based strength in orders across our segments as well as balanced order growth across regions which reinforces expectations for a higher growth versus our prior view. Total orders which exclude SubCom were $3.3 billion during the quarter, and this is up 12% year-over-year on both a reported and an organic basis. Organically excluding SubCom, our orders grew evenly with the Americas, Asia and Europe each growing low double digits in the quarter. And if you reflect back at the start of the year when we guided in our first quarter, orders and revenue growth were heavily weighted towards Asia and were encouraged by the balance we are now seeing as Europe and United States continue to strengthen. In Transportation, orders increased 15% organically with growth in all regions and particular strength in Europe and Asia. Industrial orders grew 6% organically year-over-year, with growth in all regions and particular strength in Asia. And in Communications excluding SubCom, we saw year-over-year organic order growth of 12%, including 7% growth in data and devices from high-speed connectivity ramping in cloud and data center applications, while appliance orders grew 17% year-over-year. One thing I'd like to highlight that while on a year-over-year basis, orders increased double digits in the third quarter, the guidance that we gave for the fourth quarter reflects mid-single-digit revenue growth. In our customers broader supply chain, there are supply constraints in certain areas that led to some of our quarter's reorders (8:47) being placed for delivery outside of our fourth quarter, and we have accounted for this dynamic in our guidance for the fourth quarter. So let me turn to segment performance, and let me start with Transportation, if you could turn to slide 5, please. The third quarter was another very strong quarter for our Transportation segment, which continued to show our content growth momentum. Sales grew 8% organically year-over-year, and operating margins were in line with our expectations. Segment sales exceeded expectations due to strong auto demand across regions and our leading position in the heavy truck market, along with strong sensors growth which was 7% organically. In auto, our sales were up 6% organically with mid-single-digit growth rate in the Americas, Europe and Asia against a global auto production growth of only 1%. We continue to consistently demonstrate the ability to outperform the market due to content growth and expect that trend to continue even at these lower production levels. We also expect the benefit from new program ramps as we go forward which will also continue the outperformance due to content versus market. For the full year of 2017, we expect high-single-digit organic growth in auto on approximately 3% production growth, but clearly that 3% production growth was driven by the stronger production growth in the first half that we talked about in prior calls. Turning to commercial transportation, our business continues to outperform the market with organic revenue growth of 23% year-over-year. Growth is driven by continued strength in the global heavy-duty truck market, particularly in China, and while we do expect China growth will moderate over time, we are encouraged to see signs of continued growth in Europe and North America as these markets improve. In sensors, during the quarter, our business grew 7% organically year-over-year with growth driven by Transportation as well as an improving industrial backdrop, and we continue to expect mid-single-digit growth for the full year in our sensors business. Additionally, we're also encouraged by the strong design win momentum that we had in sensors that was reflected by double-digit order growth year-over-year in the quarter. Adjusted operating margin were as expected at approximately 19% in the quarter in the segment, but I would say, at these year-over-year revenue growth levels, we would normally expect a corresponding expansion of margins versus where we guided. However, demand in the second half of this year has exceeded our expectations, and has led to some near-term inefficiencies in our supply chain as we make sure we satisfy our customers. This is a temporary issue as our teams are fully engaged to ensure our customers are not impacted by these supply dynamics, and we expect this to be fully remedied in early fiscal 2018. So let's talk about the Industrial Solutions segment, so I'd appreciate if you could turn to slide 6. Growth momentum in the Industrial Solutions segment continued with 5% organic growth year-over-year in the quarter. Segment sales did exceed our expectations due to strength in industrial equipment with this business growing 10% organically. Now, this growth we saw in the industrial equipment side is really due to our position in the factory automation and medical markets, also coupled with the acquisitions that we completed last year, and this is really driving the strong growth ahead of the market on both a reported and on an organic basis. When you think about Intercontec and Creganna, both of these acquisitions performing exceptionally well and ahead of our expectations. In aerospace, defense and marine, we did see a slight organic decline in the quarter in revenue, and this was driven entirely by program timing in commercial aerospace, and that was partially offset by growth in defense. Our energy business in the quarter grew 2% organically, and that was driven by growth in Europe and Asia. On the margin side, our adjusted operating margins for the quarter were 12.7%, and this was flat sequentially and down year-over-year due to the near term softness in commercial aerospace, which does run above segment average margins. We do expect Industrial segment margins to resume expansion in our fourth quarter, and this will be both on a sequential and year-over-year basis, driven by a combination of both growth and cost actions. Adjusted EBITDA for the segment were steady year-over-year at 17%. So if you could please turn to page 7, and let me cover Communications. The Communications segment delivered another outstanding quarter with 14% organic growth and 500 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion to 16%. Performance was well ahead of the market and included contributions from all three of the businesses. Starting with data and devices. Data and devices had 6% organic growth as we continued to benefit from high-speed ramps in cloud infrastructure customers. In addition, because of our multiyear transformation, our D&D business more than doubled its adjusted operating margin from a year ago, driving significant improvement at the segment level as the actions that we took to focus the portfolio and optimize our operations are essentially complete. In appliances, we had another solid quarter with 14% organic growth year-over-year as demand remained strong particularly in Asia. And in SubCom, growth was 22% organically in the quarter reflecting the strong growth cycle of this business. Earlier this month, we announced the winning of a new regional program which provides high-speed bandwidth between the Caribbean and the United States, and we continue to expect high-single-digit growth for the SubCom business in 2017. Now, with that as a backdrop, I'll hand it over to Heath who'll get into the financials in more detail.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Terrence and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide 8 where I will provide more details on Q3 financials. Adjusted operating income was $559 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 16.6%, leveraging the strong organic growth of 8%. GAAP operating income was $536 million and included $19 million of restructuring changes and $4 million of acquisition-related charges. For full year, we continue to expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million driven by footprint consolidation from acquisition and structural improvements. GAAP EPS was $1.21 for the quarter, adjusted EPS was a new record for the quarter at $1.24, up 15% year-on-year driven entirely by sales growth and operating margin improvement. The growth above prior year is a result of strong execution of our strategy with harsh applications driving growth, TEOA driving efficiency and balanced capital deployment enabling acquisitions and share repurchases. Our EPS performance was above our prior range, driven mostly by revenue growth and the benefit from a lower tax rate due to the mix of profitability by jurisdiction. For the fourth quarter, I expect an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 19% making the full year tax rate approximately 18% similar to last year. However, as discussed last quarter, please keep in mind the year-over-year dynamics. We received an EPS benefit in the first half of fiscal 2017 and have an EPS headwind in the fourth quarter. Going forward, I would expect an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 19% to 20%. We'll continue to provide details on that. Page 15 of our slide deck contains a bridge that provides these details for the first half and second half. Turning to slide 9, our strong Q3 results demonstrate that we are performing well against our business model and executing upon multiple levers to drive earnings growth through organic revenue growth, consistent capital strategy for M&A, and buybacks and driving margin improvement through TEOA. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33.9%, a 90-basis-point improvement from prior year driven by fall-through on increased volumes, productivity improvements from TEOA programs and restructuring benefits. Adjusted operating margins were 16.6% in the quarter, up 50 basis points year-over-year and in line with our business model. As we've discussed in the past, we continue to invest in growth to support our growing design win pipeline but are also committed to reducing SG&A as a percentage of revenue over time. Adjusted EBITDA helps explain the cash earnings of our businesses, and adjusted EBITDA margins in Q3 were 21.2%, up 50 basis points year-on-year. Cash from continuing operations was $524 million and free cash flow was $408 million in the quarter. The year-over-year decline in free cash flow was driven by working capital needed to support growth in sales, and as you know, cash flow is not necessarily linear, and year-to-date free cash flow is slightly over $1 billion similar to last year's performance. We returned $324 million to shareholders through dividend and share repurchases in the quarter. Year-to-date, we have returned $405 million in dividends and $386 million through share buyback. Maintaining a strong balance sheet is part of our strategy as it provides us with competitive advantages in our marketplace, our consistency in converting earnings to cash gives us the ability to support both return on capital and acquisitions while retaining a strong financial position. We've included the balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Terrence.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Heath. And let me get into guidance, and I'll start with the fourth quarter. And if you could turn to slide 10, please, I'd appreciate it. For the fourth quarter, we expect fourth quarter revenue at $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.14 to $1.16. When you look at this, this represents reported sales growth of 5% and organic sales growth of 4%. And from an operational perspective, this would be adjusted EPS growth of 8% once you normalize with the unusually low tax rate we had last year that Heath just highlighted. Looking at it by segment. For the fourth quarter, we expect Transportation Solutions to grow mid single digits on both a reported and on an organic basis. This is above expected auto production levels of 1% with the outperformance driven by the content growth I mentioned earlier. We also expect growth in commercial transportation across all regions in the fourth quarter, and as noted earlier, we do expect to have some lingering effects on margins from supply chain dynamics in the fourth quarter. But expect margin performance to improve as we put these issues behind us in early 2018. In Industrial Solutions, we expect to grow high single digits on a reported basis and mid-single digits organically, with growth expected across all three of our business units. And we also expect, as I mentioned, operating margins to expand sequentially as well as year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And in Communications, we expect also mid-single-digit growth on both the reported and organic basis with growth in each of our three businesses. And while we're not providing guidance beyond this fiscal year, I would ask that as you look at your models, you keep in mind our typical seasonal trends as you think about next year. And while demand continues to be strong, we historically see seasonal declines in the mid-single-digit range from quarter four into our first quarter. I'd also ask as you think about adjusted operating margins, please keep in mind that we're currently running in the mid-16% range, and that the first quarter 2017 had an unusually high operating margin level that we covered in detail back in the first quarter call. Now, let's turn to slide 11, so I can cover full guidance or ramp up and then go to Q&A. We are raising the midpoint of our guidance to represent 7% organic revenue growth and 20% adjusted earnings per share growth for 2017. We expect revenue in the range of $12.85 billion to $12.95 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $4.72 to $4.74. I'm very proud that our 20% EPS growth is driven almost entirely by strong organic growth performance and operating income expansion that we have in 2017. We did also benefit from using our strong cash flow model both via adding on bolt-on M&A and returning capital to our owners. When you think about the growth in the margin and the EPS by segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to be up high-single digits organically on approximately 3% global auto production growth this year, reflecting continued content growth and share gains. Commercial transportation, we'd expect it to outperform its end market benefiting from both content expansion and share gain in heavy trucks, and we continue to expect sensors to grow mid-single digits year-over-year, as I previously mentioned. In Industrial Solutions for the year, organic growth guidance of low-single digits is consistent with the guidance we've been giving since the start of the year, reflecting continued improvement in industrial markets. And in Communications, we expect it to be up high-single digits organically, a further improvement versus our prior view, reflecting continued strength in our appliances and growth in data and devices. Our guidance relating to SubCom is being maintained that we're going to grow high-single digits in that business. In summary, I feel very good about our portfolio and execution and believe we are well-positioned to deliver growth ahead of our markets. As Heath mentioned, we've established levers to drive earnings growth and continue to perform well against our business model, and this year's results represent best-in-class performance with 7% organic growth, expanded operating margins and 20% adjusted EPS growth that these results truly demonstrate the execution along all the levers we have in our business model. Lastly, before I go to Q&A, I want to close by thanking our employees all around the world for their continued strong execution and commitment to our customers. So, with that, Sujal, let's open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you. Lisa, could you please give the Q&A instructions?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Heath or Terrence, can you address the margins in the Transportation segment? How much of this sort of headwind that you're calling out here in 3Q and 4Q, were due to factory issues versus expedited shipping or other supply chain reasons? And can you quantify the headwind that you saw in the third quarter, and I will follow-up?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning, Wamsi. Thanks for the question. Certainly with these growth rates that we're seeing in Transportation, both from improved market conditions that have continued throughout the year, as well as our ability to well outperform those and the volume that's driven for us has created some inefficiencies in terms of our supply chain keeping up with us in that regard. Most all of it is a type of material constraint, and then the higher cost for expedited freight taking of our customers. So we're working through that. I would say that there's a plan in place to get this remediated, but we do expect to continue to see some of this headwind in our fiscal fourth quarter and into the early part of 2018, albeit as we correct some of those issues, it won't be quite as impactful on the numbers. But I would say that it's worth a couple of hundred basis  it's worth not a couple of hundred basis points, it's worth 20 to 30 basis points if we look at it overall.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And Terrence you've shown some really nice growth here in the Transportation segment despite weak auto production concerns and the backdrop remaining somewhat still challenged from a auto production perspective. So as these results look increasingly decoupled from production trends, can you maybe address what you are doing to drive this content growth in the broader Transportation segment, and can you talk about the visibility that you have in this content growth.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Wamsi, for the question. But let me take it because it is something what we think about our Transportation business model, first it always starts with a global picture. And I think one of the things that we're very fortunate about where we drive growth it's just not in one region in the world it's across the world. And even as production has slowed down to 1% and pretty much in line with where we are, it does come back to how do we drive across the three big trends that are happening in the vehicle. And we've continuously shown content growth, and it has been accelerating both from our focus as you think about not only what's happening in the connected car or in safety applications, but also benefiting from everything that happens around the powertrain whether it's on combustion engine that needs to get more fuel efficient towards the adoption of electric vehicles that while we talk electric vehicles and you really think about it, we get very excited around where electric vehicles are going in China. So it is along all three dimensions both with where safety applications go, certainly the emission and the green go and also around the connected. And what we feel very proud of if you went back five years ago, our content per vehicle in a car was around $50. Today, it's well over $60, and we with the programs that we are winning, we see that content momentum continuing to increase. And when you take the results that we have in a 1% production environment, like we've had in quarter three as well as what we expect really in quarter four, growing mid-single-digit shows the content momentum we have. And I just think we continue to demonstrate it and we feel very good about the program ramps will continue to allow us to have that type of separation even as global production stays at a low-single-digit to flat environment that we're in.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Thanks for the color.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Wamsi.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: That comes from Shawn Harrison, Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning, everyone. Terrence, wanted to follow up just on the auto content particularly in EVs. Maybe if you could just discuss your content per vehicle in light of the fact that UK now says they are phasing out combustion engines. But from what I can gather, it sounds like you have a high market share in a lot of the connectivity products that go into EVs, but maybe discuss the content per vehicle and how that's been growing over time?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. So let me talk about EV. And I always do think, Shawn, it's important to make sure when you talk EV about  close to 90 million cars are made in the world, and today, there's about 4 million that are electric vehicles whether it's pure electric or plug-in hybrid, et cetera. So, what's really  what we like about that is you do have your emission regulation to drive that increase, but when you sit there, we see the opportunity to that type of level to quadruple of the amount of electric type vehicles over the next five years. And when you see that, clearly, that creates higher demand for power and voltage connections that also gets into things we do from our very high-current relay-type products, as well as you get into sensing that occurs there. And when you sit there, that really comes down to the energy management that gets into the harsh environment. So the whole environment that you have there really plays to our strength of our engineers and how we have to work with our customers to really make this volume grow. When you think about from a content, on a traditional combustion engine, due to the trends I just talked about, what occurs on that combustion on a model, we typically get about 1.5 multiple of content to a hybrid and then about 2x content increase on a pure electric. So if something has $60 today of content on a vehicle, an opportunity to get closer to $100 on a hybrid and you could go up to basically $120 on a full electric is the simplest way to think about it. So that's the excitement we have around the content growth, and that comes into the emissions. So we think we're very well-positioned, we think we're positioned globally in all regions of the world around the players in that market and it is part of our content growth story of how we position ourselves and it's investments we've been making.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Extremely helpful. And as a follow-up, I wanted to dig into the comment of  I think the comment was your orders are being constrained by other issues in the supply chain. And so, you're under shipping true demand right now, is that the way to read it, or I guess, or is the worry that you could see orders cancelled if supply of these other products convey? I wasn't exactly sure how to read that comment of.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: I would guess it's a fair question, but really what it is, is what we're seeing is in certain parts of the supply chain, you see this in some areas and so forth as lead times have expanded, we've seen some customer behavior place orders now that are a little bit more extended. So when we typically think about our orders, our orders are typically pretty current. We typically have orders that are for the current quarter or further out. We've seen some extended placement out, it is not that we're under shipping demand it's just that I would say people are making sure their supply chains are lined up for as they are doing production because they've been surprised in certain categories. So it's why when we look at our double-digit order growth, our guidance is more mid-single digit growth in the fourth quarter because we see orders placed out to the far first fiscal quarter and into second fiscal quarter. I don't see them being cancelled. I just think there will be things that will smooth out over time.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Your lead times in this are pretty normal.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: I would say when you take our lead times, collectively, yes, they're pretty normal. There are some pockets, like Heath talked about on his automotive question, as well as some of our businesses where you see 14% and 20% growth. They've extended a certain product category, but it's very pocketed, not broad based.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Perfect. And congrats on the results, guys.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Shawn.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Shawn. Could we have the next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot. I have two questions as well, guys. I guess, first off, just on the auto growth that you guys are seeing this quarter, is there a way to think about how much of that  what's the fill in for December quarter versus things getting pushed out? Trying to get a sense on apples-to-apples how good is the autos for December versus to your point things getting a little bit more extended over here?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. I think it's pretty pure actually, Amit. So when you sit there, I think it's pretty pure. Things getting extended, I would not say. The automotive supply chain stays pretty tight, and that's why we have some of the extra cost to make sure we do not disappoint our customers. But in auto itself, I would say, when you look at the growth we've had, it doesn't pull in meaningfully or push out meaningfully because that's why we've had the extra cost.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then, I guess, Heath, I have a question for you on the OpEx, and just broadly how we should think about the OpEx run rate and trends as we go forward. You've talked that a fair amount and middle of the P&L focus and I think your SG&A has actually gone up faster than revenue growth so far this year. So just talk about the initiatives you have, and what's the right way to baseline OpEx as we go forward from here?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: That's a good question, Amit. The year-over-year numbers on our OpEx are driven by a variety of things, including some of the bolt-on acquisitions as they layer into the P&L, with their full cost structures in play. But there are some things that we did specifically in the quarter, and we will continue to do at least in the short term, some things that we are investing ahead of our ability to take out some costs. So there's some things that we've done in terms of outsourcing and so forth. We've had to spend a little bit of money ahead of when we'll see those savings. And that's part of the overall strategy to reduce SG&A as a percentage of sales. Sequentially, we made a little bit of improvement on SG&A as a percentage of sales. But we are up year-over-year. And some of it is the spending ahead of those cost reductions. And then, there's also just some performance compensation related costs given where the results are coming in this year. So there's a variety of things that are in there. I'd say as you look forward the strategy continues, and it's pretty broad-based across the company to better align our SG&A percentage of sales but we are also  some of that is to fund  reinvest it to fund other parts of the company, specifically where we have growth platforms that  we have a very strong pipeline and opportunity set there. So we'll continue to refine this and tighten this up. But there was a variety of things that drove the increased overall OpEx in the quarter.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: All right. Thank you, Amit. Could we have the next question, please.
Operator: We have a question from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. I have a two-part question on automotive and then a follow-up. So, in autos, can you talk about just given some of the lingering concerns about North American weakness in that market just how you guys kind of look at the sensitivity to that. I think North America is 20% or less of your auto business, but if you could just update on that. And then, the second part of the automotive question, just an update on the timing of the sensor design win pipeline and kind of timing for revenue.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure, Craig. Let me take that, and I think when you think about North America automotive, I want to take a step back and frame global automotive first. We have to realize there's 90 million cars, plus or minus, made on the planet and 17 million of those cars are made in the United States. So I do think we have to remember, 50 million of the cars made in the planet are in Asia, and well in the mid-20s are made in Europe. So North America while we live in every day as Americans, it is the minor part of production when you think about it globally. Our automotive business in North America, and we look at this year, like I said, we have about mid-single-digit growth here in the quarter. So we have the same content trends but the size or sensitivity is only about $800 million of total TE. So, it's only about 6%. And even as you said North America automotive production went down 5%, and we decline with it, it would be $40 million of revenue and a couple of pennies. So, I think about it, I think it gets a little bit too much press when you think about TE versus our great global position we have in automotive. And if we correct it by 5% production, it will be couple of cents in the big picture. So, certainly we won't want to see that, but it won't be a big thing in the big picture of TE. On sensors, your second question, when we sit there our turf momentum that we talked to you about in many quarters is continuing. And what we really appreciate is that the programs that we're winning across the sensor portfolio that we got with mesh (39:40) the wins we're getting with our customers are across humidity, pressure, force, position, et cetera. So what's really great is across the whole product set, which is what we were excited about, and it's also across all regions of the world. It's not concentrated. So I think it does show the momentum that we really have strength in the automotive with our great sales team and go-to market resources. From the momentum, it hasn't really changed. We are industrializing some of the programs. We expect to have revenue in the second half 2018. As we have we'll continue updating you on it, but it continues like we talked about last quarter and previously. So really good momentum.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And then, as my follow-up. Heath, I wanted to talk on the tuck-in of Hirschmann. I know it's a small-sized deal, but I think one of the issues with the investment community has just been kind of the acquisition strategy or multiples paid. In this case, it looks like around onetime sales. And so, just wanted you to kind of frame how you're approaching M&A at this point and things we could expect in terms of the process?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure. In the deal  well, the deal hasn't closed. We have discussed it as we're getting closer to that. Hirschmann, it's a nice product line, tuck-in for our auto business, bring some great antenna technology where we see some nice synergies that we will realize as we bring them forward through our channel, our auto channel. So we looked at that as an opportunity both from where does it help us from an overall return profile and where are the synergy opportunities, and we're able to identify several things, especially on the commercial side; and then on the operation side, there's some things we'll bring to the table as well. So it aligns really well with the way I would think about bolt-on M&A, things that come in and we can get at reasonable valuations, and that we bring something to the table that as under our ownership there's value created for the shareholders. So this is not one that's far afield from what we do today. We understand the technology, we understand where it sits on the car, we understand how it aligns with what we do already in the connector and sensor world. So it's a nice opportunity for the team, and I think our team did a really nice job identifying the opportunities and have plans to execute right out of the gate.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for that.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Craig.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Craig. Could we have the next question. please.
Operator: And that comes from Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Just a follow-up on the earlier question on sensors. As that starts to deploy, can you talk about the margin implications for the auto segment? I know we talked about plus or minus 20% now, but my understanding is that the sensor portfolio is less than half of that right now. So where can that go, and what do you think that could do for your more or like medium-term outlook for margins in that segment?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Joe. This is Heath. First of all, good morning. That's a fair question. Listen, our sensors business is an area that we are investing in, and we are investing now ahead of the growth, but we're pretty confident because we've won several platforms that we'll see even some kick into production in late 2018, and we're really  we'll see the benefit of the volume from that in 2019, 2020, and so on. And that pipeline continues. From a profitability perspective, there is no doubt that it is dilutive to the overall segment average. Now, just to qualify that, we do carry a lot of intangible amortization in that particular BU, that business unit, because of the Measurement acquisition that was done almost three years ago. So, I don't know that we'll ever again on a GAAP basis, I don't know that we'll ever get to the 20% from sensors. But sensors margins have improved significantly year-over-year as we've seen them improve, but we would expect them to ultimately be in the mid-teens from an operating margin perspective, given the growth opportunities in some of the investments that is required there. We're not there yet though, and I think we're still couple of three years away. But we're moving a couple of hundred of basis points a year.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. And then to follow up on SubCom. Can you maybe frame us the cyclical outlook for this business? I know it's structurally probably in a better position now than it's been like maybe potentially ever, given who your customer base has evolved towards, but given your pipeline here, how long do you think this cycle can extend here, and how would you frame out like where trough level in the current dynamic looks versus where we've seen historically?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Joe. Thanks for the question. It's Terrence. And great question. I think when you think about SubCom, you're right on. When you think about the customer dynamics versus where they were 5 to 10 years ago, it's clearly a customer dynamic that you actually have the real user relay to the business model doing it. So that's always a plus and I feel very good how our team been executing organic wins with those important customers. When you think about it, this year we're going to be a little bit below $1 billion, and I think as you look into next year, I think our fair assumption is sort of keep that flattish because we do get to a level of capacity constraints as well as have orders that are coming in and the routes we're building. I think as we sit there, some of the things that we continue to think through is what are the next routes to those customer needs, how do we schedule that. So, it does not feel to us that you would have the trough cycle we've had in the past when you had customer dry up or customers be impacted by financing cycle because these customers do have capital and do not need capital markets. So we're still in the middle of what trough is, but it still feels like a business that the trough is much higher. I think it begun probably in the $700 million to $1 billion range, is what we've been telling people, but I would say we're still trying to figure that out.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: You think trough can be $700 million is that what you just said?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yes.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Versus, like, half of that last time right?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yes.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: We have a question from Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Just first question a follow-up to Shawn's question regarding the lead time issues and the fact that you're seeing extended backlog from customers. But as you look at the non-transportation markets this quarter, Terrence, it looks like it's in line to maybe still a little bit better than seasonal. So, is there a sense that customers are building any buffer inventory and can you get a read on those inventories and probably easier for you to look at that distribution which is a smaller percentage of your revenue, but in terms of what you're seeing there in terms of inventories?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. Matt, you're exactly right. So, let me take it from what we're seeing through our channel partners because when you go outside of Transportation and you're into our Communications segment excluding SubCom as well as our Industrial segment, you do have about 40%, 50% of those businesses go through distribution. So I think that's the right way. It's just the latter part is how you asked it. What we're seeing, we're seeing right now through our channel partners, they're having point-of-sale out that's pretty much high-single digit and their inventory has been very flat. So we don't see inventory building up in the channel and staying very consistent with where it's been. So, we don't see creep up there. And the order rates that we're having from our channel partners were pretty similar to our company average in a low-double digit. So, the dynamics we're seeing through distribution, I would say, are consistent overall. We're not seeing inventory getting ahead of itself. And I would just say when we look at those markets from a direct customer where we service the larger customers direct, it does feel like it's demand. I mean, we're seeing improving markets globally, and what we're seeing and how we're seeing it is these are due to production increases by our customers where we deal with customers directly and not through our channel partners.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And just as a follow-up. Terrence, in your closing comments, you talked a little bit about thoughts for fiscal 2018 in terms of at least the seasonal start to the year. But as you look out at your various end markets going into next year, obviously, you're seeing accelerated growth. What are your general thoughts about the sustainability of that growth by end market, if you can?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: We'll guide, Matt, when we get to our first quarter call. So, I just think some observations I would make as we exit there. I talked about, certainly, I think with what we're seeing, we would expect a seasonal coming out of the quarter four and the quarter one. I think when you take the bigger picture, and I think about next year, number one is the content growth story we have in automotive, I think, is very evident of the traction we have. And I think it's fair to assume that automotives, being in this flat to plus 1% production environment where we are right now, would continue into next year. And I think we've been very clear that we think we can grow mid-single digit in it. I think when you get into the industrial markets, I see them improving. So I think sort of where we're running right now, our strength in the medical market certainly what we're seeing along factory automation applications which is real demand when we see it with the servos, the drives, the robotics. We're seeing that and we're winning in those applications. And certainly, medical. We talked about being a mid to high single digit grower. And the Communications area. I think SubCom, back to Joe's question, I think I would think about that being flat next year. And then in D&D and appliances, I think you would have things that would be closer to where those markets are, after a really hot year. So I think that's the way I would probably think about the growth going into next year just sitting here today. And we'll give you our formal guidance when we talk to you in November. But that's just, as you all think about it maybe some ways to frame it, based upon what we're seeing here without formally guiding.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Matt. Could we have the next question, please.
Operator: From Jim Suva with Citibank.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks very much and congratulations on the results.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks Jim.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: When we look at the outlook and maybe my math is wrong, are margins going to be down year-over-year in the September quarter, and is that due to the extra week, or how should we think about the puts and takes around the margins year-over-year, not sequential, but year-over-year?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Jim, when we discuss our Q4 and we discuss what we think about when we guided the organic outlook, as well as how we will talk about it here in 90 days when we get on the call, it's going be apples to apples year-over-year on a 13-week quarter that we discuss for fiscal  for of Q4 2016. But we would not expect. We do not expect any year-over-year leakage on our operating income margin.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. So, you're saying the year-over-year operating margin should be up then?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yes. On an equivalent 13-week to 13-week basis.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: On an equivalent. Got you. Okay. And then my last question is, one thing to note is the margin increase in the Communications Solutions was very big. Is that completely sustainable? Is it due to revenues? Was there anything in there, or should we just equate that to kind of the go-forward improvement in your Communications profitability?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Jim, when you look at  it's Terrence, I think there is two pieces to it. The biggest piece is the efforts we've done over the last three years to get that business focused on high speed and move away from the consumer device base primarily. So when you look at the big growth, it's really the culmination of the cost actions as well as the focus of the portfolio that we did in that segment mainly around D&D. Secondarily, we also did get benefit. SubCom had a very strong organic growth of 22%. So that's also contributing to the increase. I think longer term you should think about the segment margins staying around mid teens, depending upon where the businesses are, but that's where I think you can think about it, but a lot of that margin improvement was structural impact that we've been driving over the past three years that we've talked to you all about.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for the details. That's greatly appreciated.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Jim.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Jim. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We have a question from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question, and good morning. Terrence, I think you mentioned that there were supply constraints that were limiting the fiscal Q4 revenue that perhaps if there weren't shortages, for example, and imagining that's passives, that revenue could be higher. Any quantification on that?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No. Well, just to make sure what I said maybe I wasn't clear, when we look at that, it's just our orders have been placed on us because people are worried about the extended supply chain, and we were impacted by that. Our revenue is going to be pretty pure. I don't see anything impacting. I wouldn't say our revenue in the fourth quarter. It's just our orders were higher. On the items that Heath talked about, maybe around Transportation, it's not related to passives. This would be base metals, some plastics, things that we actually use on our manufacturing that because our demand was higher, certainly a good problem to have, and it has created inefficiencies not only in the extended supply chain, but also bringing in our factories, we had to do more changeovers to make sure we didn't disappoint our customers, which we're always going to do. So, hopefully that clarifies it.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Appreciate that clarification. It helps. One more, if I can. You noted or someone noted, Hirschmann. I think there was another acquisition that was announced recently. Can you remind us what the total revenue impact is, and then I believe that revenue from those acquisitions is not included in guidance. Maybe those deals haven't closed yet. Can you clarify this?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: The other deal we closed which was a small tuck-in within our medical space was a business called MicroGroup. I'd say we have not even closed on Hirschmann yet. So the impact in the fourth quarter is going to be very, very small in terms of what the combined impact of the two deals are. I think if you're modeling for next year, those two deals will probably add about a point of total growth for the company on the top line and we're still working through what the bottom line impact would be as we get through all the purchase price accounting and so forth. But not a huge number as the first year as we work through some of the integration plan. It will add about a point of revenue at this point for next year's revenue.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks and congrats on the great quarter.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Will. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We have a question from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Good morning, and thanks so much for taking the questions. Two questions for me. The first I was just hoping you can elaborate a bit more on China auto. I know that was very robust in the December quarter. It sounds like it stayed pretty strong throughout the year. I think even in June, China auto was good. So, maybe you can talk about how sustainable and what you're thinking about in terms of your views on China auto into next year.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. Sure. China auto as we spoke early in the year was extremely strong back in that first quarter as the incentives were benefiting, and you saw it in the registrations. You saw it in their production. What's been nice is, China auto is sort of have played out as we expected. It was a little stronger in the first half, but as it worked down post the incentive, it's been in line with what we have expected. And the other thing that's very nice to your point, you're starting to see registrations turn positive, and what we've also seen is that dealer inventories are back to normal levels in China around  we typically like to see them around 40 days and that's where they're at. So it doesn't feel like there's a hangover of where production is. And so, when we look forward, clearly, we'll have a compare that we'll have to deal with them in the first quarter, but we see the content story being very strong, and I think China will continue to have production growth. So, very positive on it and it's actually nice that it's come in line with how we expected.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. That's helpful. And a follow-up question on the Industrial margins. Could you just better explain what the reasons are that the Industrial margins have been soft, and is there any quantification of what kind of benefits we can see from the actions that the company was discussing on the call to improve those for next quarter?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure, Mark. The pressure on the Industrial margins year-over-year was almost entirely out of the commercial aerospace area where we were down year-over-year that  our commercial aerospace margins tend to be pretty profitable and now ahead of the segment average. So when we see a decline in that space, that does have an impact on the segment margins. There were also some things that we're doing that impacted the margins. As I mentioned earlier, some of the spend ahead of the cost reductions that layered into the Industrial margins as well. But we're committed to improving the overall segment margins. We see a path towards that. There will be some footprint consolidation pieces that are part of that and that will take some time, and we'll continue to quantify that as we move forward. But we do see our fourth quarter if we just look in the near term we see the Industrial margins year-over-year and sequentially to see a pretty significant improvement based on just where we see the mix, and where things are heading there right now. But there's a longer journey there for the Industrial margins over the next couple of years. We look forward as we get further along in that journey to discussing it more externally.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Mark.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Mark. Could we have the next question please?
Operator: And we have a question from Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to dig a bit into the Subsea segment where you're having a positive cycle. I think historically when Subsea has been at the bottom of the cycle, that's been dilutive to margins and when you're at the top of the cycle, it's been accretive. Now with this new range and a higher trough, do you see the business as being as dilutive in a trough year or is that going to be more similar to typical Communications margins as we move forward with this different range? And then, my second question would be, where should we think about the tax rate next year, given you've had some tax benefits this year? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hi, Sherri. Thank you for the question. First on Subsea and then I'll let Heath do taxes. On Subsea, I think when you look at it, when we talk about it historically, it would be  it has a benefit in an up cycle SubCom and if you went down the trough, how you look at it. It is a very strong business model from an ROIC no matter where you are. I do think it would be slightly dilutive to the Communication margins in the lower part of the cycle, but clearly not as dilutive if you were much lower like it has been in other parts of the cycle. So, I think you can think about it a little bit more linearly. Clearly, and always margin comes into which are the projects we have going, which projects we want, but I think when you think of it from a volume basis, clearly it won't be as dilutive as it was before. And Heath, I'll let you talk about taxes.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Well, Sherri, forecasting a tax rate is fairly volatile just given how complex and where we operate in the world in the structure and not to mention what goes on with the world with various tax authorities and the changes that we have to react to. So, I would say if you're going to model it, model it around 19% for next year. We said the longer term rate is 19% to 20%, and we'll continue to give you update understanding that at any given quarter, there's going to be things that swing it around higher or lower, but I'd say 19% if you're thinking about next year is pretty good rate to be thinking about.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Sherri.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Sherri. If there's no further questions, I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning, and if anybody does have questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for reply after 10:30 AM today through August 2. You may access the AT&T Executive replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 426345. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 access code 426345. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd. Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd. Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.
Analysts: Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Adrienne Colby - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q2 2017 TE Connectivity Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead, sir.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's second-quarter 2017 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Sujal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today for the earnings call. While many of you know me well, it's very exciting to me holding my first earnings call as CEO and sharing our strong results for the second quarter as well as an improved growth and earnings outlook for the year. In the second quarter, we delivered sales of $3.2 billion, representing 8% organic growth year-over-year, and we experienced growth across all regions. We delivered record quarter two profitability, with 170 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion year-over-year and adjusted earnings per share of $1.19, which was up 32% over the prior year. Now, this second-quarter performance was ahead of our prior guidance due to the higher organic growth as well as strong execution by our teams. All of our segments contributed to our sales growth and margin expansion was driven by our Industrial and Communications segments. Based upon these strong results and our view of market conditions for the second half, we are raising the midpoint of our revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance to $12.7 billion and $4.62, representing 6% organic revenue growth and 17% earnings per share growth, respectively. I do want to take a moment to reiterate the key pillars of our strategy that we've had discussed within the past. First is our focus on harsh environment applications, which demand high levels of engineering and manufacturing in excellence and provide competitive differentiation. Second is our TEOA operating system that drives the customer service enhancements and productivity that reduces our fixed cost footprint. And third is our consistent execution of our balanced capital allocation strategy, which enabled us to make strategic acquisitions that have expanded our portfolio, while consistently increasing dividends and repurchasing our shares. Also in addition to these three, we are also focused on ensuring that we align and enable our teams around the world to be focused in executing towards these pillars. With our portfolio focused on the harsh environments, I'm pleased that our business is now firing on all cylinders with revenue and profitability growth across each of our segments. Our second-quarter performance and increase guidance for fiscal 2017 demonstrate successful execution on our strategy and we believe this foundation will continue to drive growth ahead of our markets, deliver improved financial performance and generate strong returns for our owners. If you could, please turn to slide 3 to review some additional highlights from the second quarter. As I indicated, we have growth across all segments of regions with particular strength in Asia, where our organic growth was 16%. We delivered 10% organic growth in our Transportation segment, with auto and commercial transportation driving significant performance above-market growth rates due to content gains. In Industrial Solutions, markets are improving and we generated 3% organic growth, that was in line with our prior guidance for the segment. And in the Communications segment, sales increased 9% organically with growth across each of our three business units. At the company level, adjusted operating margins were 16.6% with year-over-year expansion driven by the Industrial and Communications segments. As we look forward to guidance, we're raising our organic growth expectations from 4% to 6% for the year, with second-half growth expected across all segments year-over-year. Adjusted earnings per share, we're raising from $4.40 to $4.62 at the midpoint, reflecting higher growth and a slightly lower tax rate. Heath and I will go through the details on the guidance later in the call, but as you think about our revenue guidance increase, please keep in mind that we have stronger-than-expected second quarter and this outperformance explains about half of the full-year increase. We're also seeing a strong momentum in orders, which reinforces slightly higher growth expectations for the second half in our commercial transportation business and our Communications segment, along with a slightly reduced headwind from add-backs versus our prior guidance view. Before we get into the segment results and updates, I appreciate if you could turn to slide 4, so I can cover our orders for the quarter, which will help provide context for the trends that we're seeing and our expectations. Demonstrating continued momentum, our total orders were $3.4 billion in the second quarter and if you exclude SubCom, which is what has shown on the slide, orders were $3.2 billion, which were up 16% year-over-year and up 15% organically. We saw organic order growth across all of our segments in the second quarter as well as growth among all our regions. By region and excluding SubCom, orders in the Americas grew 14%; in Europe, they grew 13%; and in Asia, they grew 18%. As we want to remind you that these growth rates are somewhat amplified due to a relatively weaker comparison versus last year's second quarter when we're contending with both inventory corrections and certain regional weaknesses. By segment in Transportation, orders increased 17%, with growth in all regions. Industrial orders grew 22% year-over-year due to the Creganna and Intercontec acquisitions, while orders organically were up 8%. In the Communications segment, excluding SubCom, we saw year-over-year organic orders growth of 17%, including 9% growth in Data and Devices, that's from our high-speed connectivity focus, as well as Appliance orders grew 27% organically, reflecting continued strength and share gain in Asia. When you look at our sequential orders growth in Industrial and Communications, both of these support our growth outlook in the second half. So, please turn to slide 5, so I can discuss the segment results and I'll start with our Transportation segment. Quarter two was a very strong quarter for Transportation, with sales growing 10% organically year-over-year and operating margins in the range of our expected levels. Segment sales exceeded expectations due to auto demand in China, where we saw another quarter of production growth versus the prior year and growth from our leading position in the heavy truck market. Our Auto sales were up 9% organically due to growth in Asia and in Europe and auto production growth, we estimate, was up approximately 4% in the quarter and we continue to outperform the market due to content growth and share gains. For the full year, we expect global auto production to be up 2% to 3% based upon the stronger-than-expected first-half production. With the strong production that we experienced in the first half, we expect the estimated growth for the year from a production perspective really to be driven by the first-half production growth. Looking at the second half, it pretty much implies a flat to 1% production growth in the second half, which is what we expected when we started the year and we expect the production growth to moderate and really has not changed from our prior guidance. Turning to commercial transportation, our business delivered another very strong quarter, as this business continued to outperform the market. Organic revenue growth grew 21%, driven by our strong global position, strength in the heavy truck market in China and content growth due to adoption of new emission standards and regulations. In our Sensors business, we had 3% growth organically with growth driven by Transportation and getting the benefit of improving Industrial markets. Adjusted operating margin for the segment remained strong at 19% and was where we expected. And we continue to support a robust pipeline of design wins that will generate future growth above production. As we've have indicated to you before, you should continue to think of a steady-state Transportation operating margin as 20%, plus or minus a point. If you could, please turn to page 6 to discuss our Industrial Solutions segment. Sales in this segment grew 16% on a reported basis, driven by Creganna and the Intercontec acquisitions, and 3% on an organic basis, which was in line with our expectations. We are very pleased with the growth and performance of our acquisitions and they're contributing favorably to the segment, both on the top and bottom line. In industrial equipment, we grew 4% organically, with increased demand from factory automation applications and we're seeing the benefit of that in all regions. In our aerospace and defense unit, our defense business grew organically, while our commercial air was negatively impacted by timing of programs in the quarter. Our oil and gas business has now stabilized and is no longer expected to be a headwind to revenue or operating margins on a year-over-year basis. Our energy business grew 7% organically, driven by strength both in Europe as well as in Asia. Adjusted operating margins for this segment increased 130 basis points to 12.7% as we expected, and we believe operating margins will expand from this level in the second half with the revenue growth. To help show the progress, excluding the impact from the acquisition-related amortization, adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 160 basis points to 16.9%. So, please turn to page 7, so I can cover Communications Solutions. The second quarter really demonstrates the progress that we've made in this segment. We had 9% organic growth and continued momentum in all three businesses. Segment adjusted operating margins expanded significantly year-over-year and improved versus last quarter and now they're at 15.2%. Data and Devices reported another quarter of organic growth as we continue to benefit from the high-speed ramps at cloud infrastructure customers. As we discussed last quarter, growth in this business is the result of our multi-year transformation to focus the product portfolio on key growth applications, and we expect organic growth for the full year. In addition, D&D more than doubled its adjusted operating margin from a year ago, driving significant improvement at the segment level as the actions taken to transform the portfolio and optimize the operations have really taken hold. In our Appliance business, we have very strong performance of 14% organic growth year-over-year as demand remained strong, particularly in Asia. And our SubCom business grew 11% in the second quarter. Adjusted operating margins of 15.2% were up 680 basis points from the prior year with contributions from all businesses and actually was up 200 basis points sequentially. So, with that segment overview, I'll turn it over to Heath, who'll cover the financials.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q2 financials. Adjusted operating income was $535 million with an adjusted operating margin of 16.6%, driven by strong organic growth of 8% and productivity benefits. GAAP operating income was $473 million and included $59 million of restructuring charges and $3 million of acquisition-related charges. For the full year, we continue to expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million, driven by footprint consolidations from acquisitions and structural improvements. We aim to strike a healthy balance between investing for future growth while capturing SG&A efficiencies. GAAP EPS was $1.13 for the quarter. Adjusted EPS was a new record for the second quarter at $1.19, up 32% year-on-year. This was above our prior guidance range driven by revenue growth and the benefit from a lower tax rate. The growth above the prior year is a result of our strategy in action with harsh applications driving growth, TEOA driving efficiency and balanced capital deployment enabling acquisitions and share buyback. We also benefited from a lower adjusted effective tax rate of 15.4% driven by the expirations of statutes in certain jurisdictions and additional benefits from Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 related to stock compensation. For the full year, I now expect an adjusted effective tax rate around 18%, which is similar to last year. However, as discussed last quarter, please keep in mind that the year-over-year dynamics. We get an EPS benefit in the first half of 2017 and have an EPS headwind in the second half of 2017 given that our Q3 2016 and Q4 2016 adjusted effective tax rates were 17% and 13%, respectively. While the first half benefit is $0.10, you have a negative impact of $0.10 in the second half, resulting in a zero net impact for the year. Going forward, I would expect an adjusted effective tax rate between 19% and 20%. Page 15 of our slide deck contains a bridge that provides the details for the first half and second half. Turning to slide 9; our strong Q2 results demonstrate that we are executing on our strategy and performing well against our business model. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 34.4%, a 180-basis-point improvement from prior year, driven by fall-through on increased volumes, productivity improvements from our TEOA programs and restructuring benefits. Adjusted operating margins were 16.6% in the quarter, up 170 basis points year-over-year driven by our Industrial and Communications segments. Adjusted EBITDA helps explain the cash earnings on our business. Adjusted EBITDA margins in Q2 were 21.3%, up 160 basis points year-on-year. Cash from continuing operations was $521 million, and free cash flow was $387 million in the quarter. Free cash flow grew year-over-year, primarily due to the better operational performance. We returned $234 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. Looking ahead, we continue to expect free cash to approximate net income and capital expenditures to be approximately 5% of sales. We remain committed to our disciplined long-term capital strategy for balanced return of free cash flow to shareholders, while still having ample capital to invest for acquisitions. Our balance sheet is strong, with reasonable debt levels and an ability to continue to support return of capital and acquisitions going forward. We have added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. Now, I'll turn the call back to Terrence.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Heath. And let me cover our guidance for both the third quarter and full year. So let's start with the third quarter. And if you could look at slide 10, please. We expect third quarter revenue of $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.14 to $1.18 per share. This represents reported sales growth of 4% and organic sales growth of 5%, with 7% adjusted EPS growth at the midpoint. I do want to highlight that our outlook includes the negative impact of the stronger dollar, which we expect will be a headwind of $70 million to sales and $0.04 to EPS on a year-over-year basis. And in addition, as Heath mentioned, there is a unfavorable tax impact of 3 years (sic) [$0.03] when you compare it to the prior year. Without these two headwinds, we would expect solid double-digit earnings per share growth year-over-year on 5% organic revenue growth, which is in line with our business model. Looking by segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to grow low single digits on a reported basis and mid single digits organically. This is above the expected auto production growth levels of 1% that we expect in the third quarter, with our outperformance being driven by content growth. We also expect continued growth in our commercial transportation segment across all regions. In Industrial Solutions, we continue to expect to grow low single digits on both a reported and organic basis, with growth expected across all three of our business units. And in Communications, we expect high single-digit growth on both a reported and on an organic basis, with growth in each of our three businesses. We do expect SubCom to be particularly strong in the third quarter due to the timing of program executions. Now let's move to slide 11 so I can cover full-year guidance. And just before I get in the guidance, as I said earlier, I'm very pleased that our business is firing on all cylinders, with revenue growth and operating margin expansion this year being driven by all three segments. And as we look at the second half, the margin expansion that we're going to experience in the second half will be driven by the Communications and Industrial segments. It's very similar to what we saw in quarter two. So, when you look at our guidance for the year, we are raising the midpoint of revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance from our prior view by $300 million on the top-line and $0.22. Roughly $100 million of the sales increase and $0.04 of the earnings per share improvement is from reduced currency exchange headwinds. Organic revenue expectations were increasing from 4% to 6% or roughly $200 million. Of this, approximately, $130 million is from the outperformance we had in the second quarter, and $70 million is driven by higher outlook in both our Commercial Transportation business and the Communications segment in the second half. I do want to note that our assumption for Auto growth in the second half has not changed from our prior view. We expect our Auto business to deliver mid-single digits growth in the second half on a slight production increase. When you look at our implied year-over-year trends in the first half to second half, I would ask you to keep in mind the impact of currency exchange rates and the tax dynamics that Heath talked about and then we have more details on slide 15 of the deck. For the full year, the increase I just walked you through results in revenue in the range of $12.6 billion to $12.8 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $4.58 to $4.66. This represents 6% reported and organic growth and 17% adjusted EPS growth at the midpoint versus the 52 weeks of fiscal 2016. By segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to now be up high-single digits organically, reflecting strong results in the first half and continued content growth and share gains. As I said, while we continue to expect auto production to moderate, we expect to generate mid-single-digit revenue growth in our Auto business in the second half. Commercial Transportation is expected to outperform its end market again this year, benefiting from content expansion in the heavy truck market. And we expect our Sensors business to grow mid-single digits year-over-year. In our Industrial segment, organic growth guidance is consistent with the guidance we've been giving since the start of the year, reflecting continued improvement in the industrial markets. And in Communications, we expect to be up low single digits on a reported basis, an improvement versus our prior year, reflecting selecting continued strength in Appliances and growth in Data and Devices. And we're raising our guidance for our SubCom unit to high-single-digit growth this year. In summary, I feel very good about our ability to drive 6% organic growth, and expand our operating margins and generate strong double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth this year. I think this demonstrates that our portfolio is delivering and continuing to benefit from the secular trend of content growth across our businesses. Before we go to Q&A, I do want to close by thanking our employees for the strong execution in the second quarter as well as their continued commitment to bring our technologies to our customers all around the world. So, with that, let's open it up to questions, Sujal.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay, Brad, could you give the instructions for the Q&A session?
Operator: Sure. And our first question today comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Morning, everyone, and congrats on the good first half of the year.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Shawn.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: This is the obvious question on Auto, but you have had some other players into the markets raise some red flags, be it excess inventory in North America, China production declining. And I know your fiscal year doesn't align with the other calendar year-ends of many companies. But are you seeing any weakness in auto production out there right now, be a kind of flattish second half that would lead you worried into the next fiscal year?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Shawn, it's Terrence. So let me take that question. When you look at Auto this year and we go back to the beginning of the year, we expected North America to be flat to slightly down in production and it's sort of playing out as we expected. I think when you look at Europe, we've actually seen a Europe that has constructively gotten better throughout the year, incrementally. So not major movement, I would say, continued strength and it has been a positive trend. And the same holds true in Asia, outside of China. When we guided in the beginning of the year and we guided to 1% growth overall, it was really the big wildcard was around the China incentive and what would be the impact once that incentive tailed off. And we always assumed that auto production was going to be pretty much flat in the second half and it looks like it's playing out that way. And so while we had a strong first half in production and a lot of it was driven by China, as we're looking at order rates, we view the year is playing out as we sort of said all year, with the only real change being China production was a little stronger in the first half, which really has driven the increase from our original 1% production growth up to the 2% to 3%. The other thing, I said on the call, we always also view the  even in that low production growth environment we were going to get into in the second half, we felt very good with our content wins that we were going to drive mid single-digit growth and that hasn't changed at all. So when you think through our guidance and the changes we're making in the guidance, our Auto has been pretty consistent with the picture that we said, and we expect the China auto to slow and we expected a tough North American market, it's been tough in North America now almost for two years when you sort of look at the production environment, it's been sort of flat to slightly down. So I don't think there is incremental red flag. I think it's playing out as we thought.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: That's very helpful. And then secondly, just following up on the SubCom business now being up high single digits for the year, maybe you could talk about what visibility you have into fiscal 2018? Does the business decline, can you hold it flattish into fiscal 2018 based upon the backlog you have right now?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Shawn, thanks for that question. Well, SubCom, we always talk to you about SubCom and we have a pretty good 18-month window based upon the projects in the pipeline, and what was nice during the quarter, our backlog is still pretty steady at around $850 million is what we have booked, and we're also working on a number of opportunities that we're quoting. So I think when you look at where we are right now, the strength of the backlog, I would sort of assume as you model next year, keep SubCom pretty much flat with where we guided for this year. And like we normally do, we get more projects and we'll update as confidence increases, but I think the confidence we have is the amount of activity that we're quoting and working on, and I think modeling sort of a flat off this number we're giving you for this year is probably the most prudent thing to do right now.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks so much.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Shawn. Could we have the next question please?
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys. I guess two questions from me as well, on the Transportation side, could you maybe talk about the operating margin dynamics you saw on a sequential basis. I think it was down about 300 basis points. Could you just touch on what kind of happened over there and how do you think of margins as you go through fiscal 2017 broadly and when do you see the center headwind, which I think it is a big issue for you guys right now, abating?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Amit, this is Heath. I'll take that. I think if you go back and look at our comments from 90 days ago, we were pretty clear that the Transportation segment margins were running very hot and are not really sustainable. So I think internally, when we looked at the 19% it was right in line with where we thought it would come in and consistent with where we've guided in terms of 20% plus or minus. There is some investment activity going on in the segment, as we're ramping up, because our revenue pipeline is very strong in Transportation globally. So we're going to continue to make those investments, and I think modeling plus or minus 20% is probably a good number for that. Sensors is improving, you see the organic growth in terms of their  it still continues to be a bit of a headwind relative to the overall segment margins, but it is progressing on track with where we thought it would be this year at this point, and the outlook going forward will continue to be less of a headwind as we progress through the next couple of years.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And I guess, Heath, you talked about, I think the $150 million researching plan for the year. How much of that is just M&A integration versus implementing structural improvements within TE Connectivity's portfolio? And how should we think about the payback period for the cost take-out that you guys are doing?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Amit. That's a good question. There is some acquisition-related integration, some of those tied to more recent acquisitions that have been done, even including Sensors and into the medical space. There is some of that included in there. And then quite honestly, there is some broader footprint consolidation that we're doing as well, we'll continue to move forward on as we optimize the footprint. But there is a balance there between those. And I think in general, if you want to calculate, most of our restructuring has somewhere between a 18-month, two-year payback in terms of the cash-on-cash returns. Some of the restructuring that you see in the $150 million, there's a chunk of that that's non-cash-related, that are write-offs. So if I think about it on a cash-on-cash return, I think two years is probably a good number.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. Thank you and congrats on the quarter, guys.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Amit.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Amit.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Could we have the next question please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen & Co. Please go ahead.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Congrats on the quarter. I've seen several news releases highlighting some of your products and it looks like you have a pretty big booth at the upcoming LIGHTFAIR trade show. Are you trying to accelerate your penetration in the whole connected home market?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Joe. When you look at it  LIGHTFAIR is coming up. And when you think about what we do there, around the home, I talked a little bit about our Appliance business, which we have a lot in the home. And over the past five years, we have increased investment around lighting; that would be part of our Industrial business. So it's areas where as lighting goes that we need, you get into sockets, it comes into a natural opportunity for us. I think it's just one of those applications that sort of shows where we bring our engineering to and also how it is finally engineered as we have the switch over there. So it is a product area we've gotten into. I don't know the revenue we have off the top of my head. But from that standpoint, I think it's pretty typical of the type of applications throughout our business we try to go after to really make sure how do we continue to outgrowth for the market. So certainly around that space, we have made investments into it.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. And then could you give us some details on what you're seeing in Data and Devices, particularly in China?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah, no, on Data and Devices, our performance was extremely strong and even slightly ahead of what we thought because, as you know, we very much repositioned the portfolio around high speed. And I think you really start to see the benefit both on the growth side as well as the margins that we felt we could the business up to. It certainly came truly in there. When we look in Asia in Data and Devices, we have a very strong performance in Asia. We grew double digits organically in China and we basically grew greater than that outside of China, which would include Japan and Southeast Asia. So really the traction when you look at that business has always been and continues to shift towards Asia. And the sales performance that you saw as well as the operating performance really have been driven by those wins that we have, while you still get infrastructure investments being made around China as well as how do they service the rest of the world. So a lot of that growth will be driven out of Asia as we go forward as well.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: All right. Thank you, Terrence. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Can you expand a bit just on the theme of increasing automotive content, so any particular applications that are driving the content increase in fiscal 2017? And then even as you go out to 2018 maybe some of the applications you guys are excited about?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Craig, thanks for the question. I mean it is so broad-based. It's not just applications, it's everywhere in the world. So we talk about growth being greater than production. I mean, this year every region is going to have pretty substantial growth greater than production, whether it's China, whether it's Japan, whether it's Korea, even in places like North America where production is light, we're doing better than production. So it's very broad-based around the world, and it comes back to those trends we talked to you about not only on the connected side where you have infotainment wins, but also were you see powertrain and emission programs that does call into where our teams can help solve the problems in the harshest environments on emission and then you continue that on the safety side. So it's not one application. We're very fortunate, we cover all applications in what we do, being the global leader what we are, so we're benefiting from the secular trends all around Automotive and you're seeing it with the strong performance we have that's greater than production. I mean, when you look at the guidance I talked about as we expect production to moderate, production being relatively flat in the second half, we're going to grow mid-single-digit, which just proves the content growth assumption we talked to you about, about 4% to 6% (35:56) price off of it. It's all across the trends; it's not just one. And it's really very good execution of how we cover our customers and enable their technology to make sure they can bring it to market.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then as my follow-up, I wanted to focus on one of the three things you highlight in terms of focal points for the company on capital allocation. And there has been I think some discussions around maybe some increased discipline around OpEx and M&A. Just wanted to get your sense of how the approach is changing if it is, and what the implications are for that as you approach M&A versus cash returns.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Craig, this is Heath. I'll take that. By no means would I suggest there's been a pivot in terms of our approach. We're going to continue to be disciplined with our deployment. The dividend strategy stays on tack; the share repurchase strategy is consistent. And we have been active in the M&A market, but it's been a tough market right now with where evaluations are. And so we'll continue to be active and push that lever. But we're going to also be disciplined about where the returns are relative to those M&A investments and make sure there are deals for our shareholders.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Craig. Could we have the question, please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Yes. Thank you. Hey, Terrence, clearly, the market's worried about deceleration and auto production trends and you guys are clearly outperforming based on the content growth commentary that's implied both in your guidance and in your comments here. But can you remind us maybe what levers you might lean on, if the deceleration continues to be stronger? Say in 2018, where trough Transport margins might be. I know we're firing on all cylinders right now, but just from a risk mitigation standpoint, how should investors think about the levers that you might have at your disposal if things do end up getting a little tougher? And maybe calibrate in an environment of flat to 1%; you're growing 4%, 5%; if production were to be, say, a couple of points more negative, how that might influence your Auto growth? And I have a follow-up.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah, so I think let's talk a little bit about trough, and I think if production was flat next year we would expect that we're going to grow mid-single digit. And if it would be down a little bit from that, we would be growing low-single-digit, but I think with what we've done with our content wins we realize, these are platforms that we won, they're in the backlog. This is not stuff to go get when you think about next year. So I think even in a slightly negative production environment we're going to post growth. So I don't really view that as a trough by any means, I really view  we would tighten up like we always do around where do we invest capital and make those trade-off decisions, but I don't view that as a free-for-all from a financial performance. We would just have to manage that. I think it shows where the business has come from and I think it's the expansion around content, and everywhere in the world. So I think similar to this year where early in the year we told you we thought production was going to be 1%, we could grow mid-single digits. We're doing that in second half, certainly got some benefit. But I think the way that we're positioned as well as where we see the trends, we do expect that global auto production long term should mirror GDP. So certainly we get into elements that maybe there are, somebody has a peak in the country or a region and adjust. But I think the content trend that we have and I'll go back to what I said, again, with Craig, the trends that happen around connecting the car from an infotainment perspective, the continued safety applications and probably the bigger one always has to be around the powertrain, what happens on from emissions and what happens in those environments, whether it be electrification of the vehicle, but when there's need, that's content benefit for us. Or even if you're adding turbochargers to get better fuel economy on a smaller engine. That is where we thrive and that drives our engineers to create the most value, the toughest engineering challenges. And I feel very strong that we're going to continue to drive that content growth. And I think this year truly demonstrates that. So I think when you think through is production a little worse, I think you're still going to have, even in a slight production decline, we're going to be growing due to our content position that we have established that over the past five years.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, that's very clear, Terrence. Thanks for that color. And as a follow-up can I just ask, we've heard of a pickup in restock activity in the channel, any comment on inventory levels, sort of non-auto inventory levels that you might have seen and could you address the discrepancy between sort of what you are including SubCom order pattern versus the guide? Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yes. So it's a great question. So let me take the first half of your question without Automotive and without SubCom, because we have seen a couple things, we have seen our channel partners increase their ordering levels. I would tell you from inventory that are in the indirect channels, it's actually, has not moved. So it isn't like inventory is building. But what we have seen through our channel partners is that they have seen some shortages in certain other electronic components in sort of the semi side. You see them getting a little bit more aggressive in their ordering patterns. And we experienced that in our second quarter. In some cases those orders were placed out. We've discounted that in the guidance that we've given you in the third and fourth quarter. But certainly, we did see an acceleration of orders through our channel partners in the second quarter, which is typically a good indicator. It isn't like their inventory is getting ahead of themselves. But I think it does sort of show, just positive momentum, where they are starting to pulls. And so I think in some parts of the electronic supply chain there are some shortages that they're also trying to be cautious on. So we're monitoring that, and we'll continue to update you on that.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Terrence.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Wamsi. Good question.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Wamsi, could we have the next question please?
Operator: We do have a question from the line of William Stein from SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Actually, on the content side, when you actually look at it  I presume, Will, your question is around Auto? 
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Actually, where we see the content gain, it is traditionally outside of Intercontec. So when you actually look at it, it's really around the integrated solutions where we're providing new technologies is really where we're seeing the content wins as well as Sensors. So I think those combinations where you look at it and really where we've invested in the part what we call our adjacent technologies, they would be things like in EV, where we provide contact. Contactor is not an interconnect, it's actually something that is very important to an electric vehicle. We have a very strong position on it globally. So those are the types of areas we're seeing it and when we look at the terminal connector side, it's growing very nicely, but from a content perspective it's much more outside of Intercontec. 
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Will, could you maybe come up a few more bars on what you define as carrier? I mean, do you mean like the AT&Ts and the British Telecoms? 
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: We do not serve anywhere directly to a carrier anymore. That was part of our BNS business we sold. Certainly, we would sell to the people, our high-speed applications into the carrier network to those people that make the gear, but we do not sell to the carrier. 
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Will. Thanks for the question.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Will. Could we have the next question please?
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple questions, please. First of all, I was wondering, Terrence, you gave a lot of good color around orders. I was curious if you think about everything you talked about, what it says about sort of the business cycle that we're currently in. Are you more encouraged that we're seeing an uptick in economic activity as some may argue or is it sort of similar trends overall, given what you're seeing at distribution versus the easier comparisons, et cetera. Just wondering about your thoughts there, and then I have a follow-up.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah, Steve, thanks for asking that question. It's a good question. Where we would say it is, one of the things that's nice, I would say markets overall have a little bit of an upward tilt, and it's actually pretty consistent between regions. So I would say, when we started the year, we gave out our guidance for the year, which are around 3% growth. I do think Industrial markets are getting a little better. The auto market is sort of as we called it, Communications is better, but then also regionally when you sit there, we had very strong Asia performance, we talked about it for this quarter, but also it's been very broad based, it's just not the auto discussion we've had. Europe continually and incrementally get better and in the Americas, where I would say, it's been sort of sideways for a while, we have seen a little bit of tilt up, really driven around the industrial markets. So, I would say it's incrementally better, I would say it's less choppy than it's been would be phrases I would use, but I would also certainly say that there's still some political ping-pong around the world that I still think, while constructive, we're still ready to move quickly. I don't know, if anything changes that could impact any of the markets. So, overall, I could say it is stronger. I think the orders reflect it, I think the broad base of the growth reflects it and a little bit more confidence in the greater economy, but what I get excited about is that in every region of the world right now, we're seeing some of the upward tilt, which we haven't seen in certain markets recently.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks for that. And then, just as a follow-up, on the auto content story, I mean the company has, historically, been known for being a powerhouse around powertrain applications, et cetera. How much of the content is driven by those core historical strength versus maybe new areas like infotainment maybe driving a little bit more of it or is it still mainly going to be a powertrain sort of going forward? Thanks.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No, it's actually in all three, Steve. So, if you take it, and I know we show a slide when we see investors, if you start to think about our $60 today of content, approximately half of our content today in an auto is around, we call it grain, but to your point, you use the right phrase powertrain. About half of our content is in powertrain. About 40% of our content is around safety applications, and I would put anti-lock brakes, traction control and airbags into those. And then, about the remainder is really around the connected. That would be your convenience, your lighting, the things that happen within the cabin around infotainment, but less mission-critical type items I guess I would say. So, that's really our mix and what's nice is, all of them have opportunities. We talked to you all about, five years from now, we think can get that content up $80 above it. We really feel it's across all three of those categories. So, it isn't just in powertrain. Certainly, powertrain, I think, has the biggest toggle of greater growth, especially as you get to EV adoption, that content is really driven in the powertrain and the infrastructure of the car side. So, I think that's one that has more upside than probably the others, but we're well positioned in all of them regardless. So, I appreciate your compliment about us being a power in the powertrain, I like that. But we do think we've rounded ourselves out and, it gets into some of the questions today, is across Auto and that's really  it's a credit to our focus in getting ahead and leveraging the technology we can bring to these customers that we serve anywhere they are, both from an engineering site or where they manufacture. It's a real strength that we have.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks Steve.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much. I have two questions and I'll ask them both at the same time. Probably one CEO-type question and one CFO question. The first one would be, you had mentioned your auto forecast for this year remained unchanged, kind of strength right now and then a deceleration going forward. That's good to hear. The main concern or question we have is are we facing a situation like last year, maybe a different region or whatever, inventory being built up or your forecast of flattish actually being too aggressive as many of the others have kind of talked about a big deceleration coming in? So, how come we're not facing inventory lot buildup and things like that and why you think your forecast were different than others? Then, for the CFO, I think you mentioned restructuring of about $150 million. Your operating margins are now performing well in every segment. Should we expect $150 million going forward? Because it is noteworthy that for the past several years, it was coming down. I think now it's kind of come up a little bit. Because you're making so much more profitability, is $150 million the good rate? Is this kind of a peak year and we should expect restructuring to decline or how should we think about those charges? Thank you very much.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Hey, Jim, let me start with your first question. Then, I'll let Heath cover your second one. So, thanks for asking the question. First of all, on the auto production, and I know other people have talked about different outlooks for the year, I think one thing that's very important as you all compare these outlooks is, we're in a fiscal period that's (51:50) June and September and our outlook is really from talking to our customers. So, we feel actually very good about where our outlook is, where their production builds are as well as where we plan the supply chain. So, I don't think we're aggressive. I don't think we're conservative. I think we're in line with what our customers are telling us right now. And it's sort of a flattish for the rest of the year. I know I think some others have come out with calendar year guidance. I don't think on a calendar year basis. So, I think, there is an element there that I would ask to just be as reasonable as you compare everybody's opinion about auto production. We do see it moderating like what we've said from day one, mainly driven around China. And we did not have much expectation from North America this year. We expect it to be flat to slightly down and it looks like it's playing out (52:44). So I guess I'll let Heath speak on the restructuring question. Go ahead.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Look, Jim, I think, the restructuring question is certainly a valid comment. I don't know that $150 million would be a number I'd hang my hat on in terms of that. Certainly, there was an opportunity in fiscal 2017 to do some things to optimize our footprint and to make sure that we are aligning where we do business closer to our customers. And opportunities will avail themselves as we go forward. There's no doubt. There's a handful of things that we continue to contemplate as we go into 2018, but each opportunity has to have its own merits to stand on its own from a cash-on-cash return perspective. So we'll provide more color for that as we go forward, but I think there'll be some element of restructuring as we go into 2018 as we continue to finetune the operating model. But I don't know if it's $150 million or something less than that at this point.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you so much for the details. Greatly appreciated.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Jim. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks and good morning, guys. So, just a question regarding the strong operating margin in the Communications Solution. I think that's the highest margin since you've kind of changed the reporting segments. And I know a lot of that was driven by the portfolio mix, deselecting products, but trying to figure out how much of that strength was due to Subsea Communications versus the mix and versus the change of the portfolio and how sustainable is that going forward?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Matt, it's Heath. That's a fair question, but the year-over-year improvement of nearly 700 basis points in this segment was pretty well balanced across the three business units in the segment, Data and Devices, Appliances and SubCom. They all contributed roughly equal in terms of that margin improvement year-over-year.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. In terms of targets, particularly, you've given that, it looks like Subsea will be or SubCom will be sort of flattish over the next few quarters into the next fiscal year. I imagine that you're still looking at growth within Appliances and Data and Devices. Is there still an incremental margin that you expect to generate where you can see even better margins there?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Well, certainly, productivity plans will be in place, but the heavy lifting around the footprint consolidation in this segment related to the walk-away revenue that transpired over the last several years, that's behind us. And then, we are largely to, I'll say more of a footprint within the segment. Just a few tweaks left to go in that. So, I would not want to foreshadow that you are going to continue to see 700 basis points year-over-year improvement for the quarter-on-quarter going forward, but certainly we feel good about where the number is today. Knowing that SubCom is probably going to be flattish year-over-year, you would expect more of the incremental operating income improvement to come from Appliances and from D&D, but they are both running pretty hot right now.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. And just back to Transportation and specifically, the commercial segment, where you've seen a very strong organic growth in an underlying market that is basically even flat to down and weak, but we're starting to see signs of some stabilization from competitors. But, Terrence, what are you seeing in those markets in terms of underlying growth, both in heavy trucks and off-road vehicles?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Matt, it's a good question. I guess to maybe frame a little bit our performance, because I think our performance, this is just not one quarter, it's really been the past couple of years as the overall market was very negative, especially North America. Our over-performance is really driven by our strong position in China, not only North America. We really weathered the storm well. And the growth that we saw this quarter was really driven by emission standards in China as well as content gains with Chinese companies. So, when we look at from a market perspective and we look forward, we do actually see construction starting to pick up after a very tough period, and I think you saw that in some of the results that have come out. Ag still continues to be challenge, a challenge globally. So that's still a market we're waiting to pick up. And on the truck and bus side, we've really benefited from our strong position globally. So, when we look at it, it does feel like we're starting to get more forward lean in those overall markets, where I would say the last two years has really been between our position and our content gains driving the growth, and it'll be nice as the market starts to click and getting stronger growth in that market. And as I said during the comments, part of our guidance uptick in the second half is really driven by Commercial Transportation as well as our Communications segment. So, we are seeing upward momentum there as we go through the year.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Matt. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Good morning and thanks very much for taking the questions. First question is a follow-up on Matt's question about Commercial Transportation. Can you help us understand a little bit more on the regional exposure that you have within Commercial Transportation, maybe how much is North America versus international markets? And then, I know the company mentioned some regulations that were helping the Commercial Transportation business. Can you just elaborate a bit on what sort of benefits you've been seeing from some of those regulations in commercial transport?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yes. Sure. So, (58:59) commercial transportation business is roughly  I'm trying to get that up  about 40% of our business is in the Americas, 60% outside the Americas, split evenly between Asia and Europe and really in Asia, when you think about the regulations, it's probably the bigger area, specifically China, we'll be getting the benefit from the emissions regulations that are happening there and a very strong position that we have at increased content wins, providing more to the customer than just what we historically did. So, it's a really good (59:40), but also pretty major content wins we've gotten and the other technologies we're bringing to the customer.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, that's helpful. And then, my follow-up question is trying to understand a bit more the order patterns that the company is seeing in the Automotive business. I think guidance for Transportation in the June quarter is about $1.7 billion of revenue and then if you hit the full-year guidance, the kind of the midpoint implies about $1.6 billion. So, if you're seeing growth in Commercial Transport and Sensors, it seems like the implied auto sales for both June and September are down, low to mid-single digits both quarters, normally June is up sequentially. So, are you guys seeing some sequential declines on a quarter-to-quarter basis in the light vehicle business, in line with what your expectations are? I just want to kind of confirm that or is that just some conservatism about you had such strong first half and you're just not sure how the year goes from here?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: When you look at the second half, we're going to be up pretty much mid-single digits year-over-year, Mark. Clearly, we do expect production to step down. Our first quarter was very strong. As we said, some of that was due to the China stocking. So, we will have sequential changes and limited reduction, but we're going to be up year-over-year and we typically also always step down quarter three to quarter four primarily due to Europe. Just from how the holiday and production seasons work. So, not sure I'm completely following how you're looking at it, but second half year-over-year, we're going to grow mid-single digit on that flattish production. And the shape is a little different this year due to the strong first quarter, but when you get to the rest of the year, Q3 going down to Q4, we would expect the step-down as pretty normal seasonality (01:01:24) European position.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Mark.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Adrienne Colby - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. It's Adrienne Colby for Sherri. Thanks for taking the question. Within Industrial, can you talk about what drove the declines in aerospace and defense and also wondering if you could comment from a margin perspective what was driving some of the upside, is it mainly the moderation in the drag from oil and gas, if you're seeing contributions from other pieces of business?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks for the question. In aerospace and defense, we still are confident with our outlook for the year. In the quarter, we saw in the commercial aerospace side, just slower pickups from one of the large airplane manufacturers in the quarter. (01:02:13) we expect that will happen in the quarter three, but that was offset by defense picking up and I think that's real positive. When you look at year-over-year, oil and gas really did not have an impact year-over-year, I mean. So, the tailwind  with the headwind from oil and gas is behind us, the oil and gas business was pretty constant in the quarter. So, it didn't help our margin. Really, the margin improvement was around the cost actions that we talked to you about, that we were taking in Industrial to continue to improve the margin to get it up into the higher-teens. And I think you should start to see the benefit of that and we expect to continue to see the benefit in the second half. And clearly, that's part of our guidance. Our guidance is that Communications and the Industrial will be the margin drivers in the second half, but we're pleased with the performance that the Industrial team did on the margin improvement side in the second quarter.
Adrienne Colby - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And as a quick follow-up, it looks like SG&A ticked up a little bit this quarter. Just wondering if you could comment on that going forward?
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure. It ticked up, generally pretty seasonal if you think about going back to prior years, generally from from first quarter to second quarter, you'll see that normal tick up and I think if we looked at as a percentage of sales, it's pretty consistent with what we see in the past So, that's the one market we're waiting to pick up. There're some very specific drivers that, the timeliness of investments that we do each year, but pretty consistent and on track with our internal expectations.
Adrienne Colby - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Heath Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you very much. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And if you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a great day.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 today through May 3. You may access the AT&T Teleconference Replay System at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701, entering the access code 421540. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, again entering the access code 421540. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Lynch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Terrence Curtin - President Heath Mitts - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Jim Suva - Citi Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research William Stein - SunTrust Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Steve Fox - Cross Research Alvin Park - Stifel Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivitys first quarter 2017 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; President, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of todays call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Sujal and thanks everybody for joining us today. We had an excellent start to fiscal 2017, delivering revenue growth, margin expansion and earnings growth well above the midpoint of our guidance. Improving markets coupled with strong execution across our segments drove this performance. I will provide some highlights and context for our Q1 results and then I will turn it over to Terrence to provide more detail on our performance and outlook. TEs strategy has been driven around three key pillars for sometime now. First, our focus on harsh environment applications, these applications demand engineering and manufacturing excellence, which provides competitive differentiation. TE stands out as a company with a broad range of harsh application knowledge and products that can provide solutions to customers anywhere in the world. Second, driving our TEOA operating system throughout the company to improve customer service and productivity and reduce our fixed cost footprint. You can see and feel the benefits across the company and through feedback we received from our customers. Third, consistently execute on our balanced capital allocation strategy, which has enabled us to make strategic acquisitions that have expanded our harsh environment portfolio, while consistently increasing dividends and buying back significant amounts of stock. Since becoming a public company in 2007, we returned approximately $12 billion to shareholders and bought back 184 million shares. We expect to maintain our balanced capital strategy returning two-thirds of free cash flow to shareholders and using one-third for acquisitions. The cumulative effect of this strategy enabled us to grow share on the markets we serve and transform our portfolio with more growth opportunities, while consistently returning capital to our owners through a strong cash return business model. The net effect is that a $1 of revenue today drives 50% more adjusted EPS than 5 years ago. This quarters results reflect the benefits of this strategy. Organic sales growth was 7%, driven primarily by strong demand throughout our businesses in Asia; adjusted operating margins exceeded 17%; and adjusted EPS was $1.15, well above the midpoint of our guidance. We delivered another strong quarter of orders growth, with growth across all three segments. We continue to perform very well on harsh applications and are getting growth and profit to contributions across the portfolio. In the Communication segment, we saw year-over-year organic growth in data and devices earlier than our expectations. This is driven by ramps of high-speed solutions at cloud infrastructure customers. I am pleased that the multiyear transformation of D&D has resulted in a refocused portfolio that will drive growth and higher profitability for the segment. We are also performing well in our acquired businesses, with a growing design win pipeline that gives us confidence for future growth. The first quarter demonstrates the strength of our business model. For the full year, we are expecting to expand adjusted operating margins by 50 to 70 basis points on 4% organic growth, with margin expansion being driven by all of our three segments. Versus our prior view 90 days ago, we are raising our full year organic revenue outlook by 100 basis points and our adjusted EPS guidance to $4.40 at the midpoint. Currency exchange rates are expected to impact full year adjusted EPS by $0.16 versus our prior view, and this is factored into our guidance. I am pleased that we are growing adjusted EPS 11% year-over-year even with the negative impact of the stronger dollar. Terrence and Heath will go through the moving pieces in more detail as we go through the call. Terrence, I will turn it over to you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Tom and good morning everyone. Before we get into the segment results and updates that I typically go through, I want to cover our orders for the quarter, which help provide the foundation for the trends that we are seeing as well as of our expectations going forward. If you could please turn to Slide 4, which shows our order trends, excluding our SubCom business. Demonstrating our continued momentum that started late last year, orders were up 11% year-over-year, with the book-to-bill of 1.06. And on an organic basis, orders grew 10%. We saw organic orders growth across all three of our segments in quarter one, excluding SubCom. We also saw orders growth in all regions with particular strength in Asia, which grew 26% year-over-year, with strength in China. In Europe and the Americas, orders grew approximately 3% and 1%, respectively. In Transportation, orders increased 12% year-over-year and were up 4% sequentially as China OEMs increased production ahead of the expected expiration of government incentives at the end of the calendar year. Industrial orders grew 15% year-over-year due to the Creganna and Intercontec acquisitions and organic orders grew 4%, with growth across each of our three industrial businesses. In Communications, excluding SubCom and the sale of our Circuit Protection business last year, we saw year-over-year organic orders growth of 14%, including 7% growth in data and devices as we begin ramping high-speed connectivity that is benefiting from cloud applications as Tom mentioned. Please turn to Slide 5 so we can discuss our results by segment and let me start with Transportation. The first quarter was an excellent quarter for our segment, with sales growing double-digits year-on-year and adjusted operating margins expanding 340 basis points on increased volume and productivity improvements. Segment sales exceeded the expectations due to strength in China and Korea. Our auto sales were up 13% organically in the quarter, well ahead of auto production growth of 5% due to increased content from the secular trends we talked to you about around safe, green and connected, coupled with our very strong global leadership position. Growth was led by demand from China as the expected expiration of government incentives spurred demand in the quarter. Note that these incentives are now being faced out over the course of the year, so as we look forward, we expect that vehicle production growth in China will continue to be front-end loaded in the first half of 2017. For the full year, we expect 4% growth in vehicle production in China and 2% growth in auto production globally. While this assumption of 2% auto production growth globally is an increase from our prior view of 1%, this sell-side comes from the strength in the first half in China, with our outlook for the second half production being the same as our view 90 days ago. For the full year, we expect to continue to outpace the growth of production due to the continued benefit of content growth as well as share gains. Turning to Commercial Transportation, our team delivered another very strong quarter against still a tough backdrop. This was outperformance versus the market, with organic revenue up 16%, driven by a very strong heavy truck market in China, content growth due to the adoption of new emission standards and regulations as well as share gains. In our sensors business, the acquisition last year of Jaquet drove 3% growth overall. The business declined slightly on an organic basis, with growth in automotive applications and industrial applications being offset by softness in the North American heavy truck applications. We are expecting organic growth for the year in sensors and continue to expect a further growth inflection as we go into 2018 as further auto applications ramp the volume. For the segment, adjusted operating margins of 22% were up 340 basis points year-over-year, with strong flow-through on a double-digit organic sales and increase of productivity improvements. When you think about the segment margin, our margin expectations remained the same for the segment and you should continue to think of steady state transportation operating margins as 20% plus or minus to 1. Please turn to Slide 6, so I can discuss our Industrial Solutions segment, which performed in line on both the top line and on the margin side in quarter one. Industrial solutions sales grew 12% on a reported basis, driven by the Creganna and Intercontec acquisitions and generated 30 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion, despite the 80 basis points of headwind from the declines in oil and gas. If we had owned Creganna and Intercontec in the year ago period, our growth for this business would grow up at 16% year-over-year, demonstrating strong performance of these acquired businesses. Industrial Equipment, we grew 1% organically, driven by strengthening market around the factory automation area as well as growth in medical. Aerospace and defense remained strong with 4% organic growth, driven by increased content on new airframe builds as well as momentum in defense programs. Oil and gas declined 24% as expected due to the weakened market conditions and we feel that our oil and gas business has now bottomed and expect this business to remain stable at the current level as we benefit from new programs ramping later in the year. Our energy business declined 3% organically, with growth in North America and Asia more than offset by the softness in Europe. Adjusted operating margins were in line with expectations and expanded 30 basis points year-over-year to 11.3%, which includes the oil and gas impact I mentioned earlier. Going forward, we do expect the industrial segment operating margins to expand over prior year levels in the second quarter and then further into second half throughout the segment. I would also like to note that we also included adjusted EBITDA margins on the chart show margins and margin expansion, excluding the impact from the acquisition related amortization. And you can see in the segment that the year-over-year adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 120 basis points to 16.4%. So please turn to Slide 7, so I can talk about communications solutions. Quarter one was a solid quarter from the Communications segment, including our achievement of a key milestone in our data and devices business. D&D has returned to organic growth following 3 years of decline from product exits as we refocused the portfolio within the business. Organic growth is occurring six months sooner than we expected in the business. I would also like to highlight that we also have a very strong quarter growth in our appliances business and we saw continued operational improvements throughout the segment that I will talk more about in a little bit. Organically, sales were up 3%, with reported segment sales down 4% year-over-year, due primarily to the sale of the Circuit Protection business in March of last year. Our appliance business has very strong quarter growth, with 14% organic growth year-over-year, driven by China market growth, share gains and strength in North America. The growth in D&D is the result of new ramps at cloud customers and a completion of our multi-year journey to refocus the product portfolio in key growth applications. D&D grew 2% organically in the quarter and now we expect organic growth for the full fiscal year. In addition to the growth that we are excited about, data and devices also doubled its top earning adjusted margin from a year ago and we expect this business to be an increasing contributor to the profitability of the Communications segment going forward. On SubCom, the business declined slightly in the first quarter as a result of program timing. Our momentum continues through this growth cycle and we continue to expect SubCom to grow approximately 5% in fiscal 2017 based upon our very strong backlog. For the Communications segment, adjusted operating margins were 13.2% for the quarter, down 70 basis points year-over-year. And if you remember, this time last year, we had a one-time benefit on our SubCom business related to an early program completion, which raised our first quarter 16 margin in the segment by approximately 400 basis points. If you would normalize for this impact, Communications adjusted operating margins expanded significantly in the first quarter of 17. And to really illustrate the progress that we have made in this segment over the past four quarters, adjusted operating margins have expanded from approximately 8% in the second quarter of last year to 13% in the quarter we just completed. And we are proud of that accomplishment. So let me turn it over to Heath and he will cover the financials.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on Q1 earnings. Adjusted operating income was $536 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 17.5%, driven by strong organic growth of 7%, productivity improvements and favorable mix. GAAP operating income was $486 million and included $47 million of restructuring charges and $3 million of acquisition related charges. For the full year, we expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million, driven by footprint consolidations from recent acquisitions and structural improvements. GAAP EPS was $1.13 for the quarter. Adjusted EPS was a new record for the first quarter at $1.15, it was up 37% year-on-year and significantly above our guidance range set 90 days ago. Additional demand from China and productivity improvements drove the performance above our guidance to midpoint of $1. The 37% growth above prior year is driven by all of the levers we have in our business model. We benefited from volume fall through, on increased sales, acquisitions support, share buyback and a lower adjusted effective tax rate of 19.2%. Versus our guidance view of Q1, the currency exchange headwind was greater than expectations at $45 million of revenue and $0.02 of EPS. As a point of reference, our guidance is simply the dollar to euro conversion of 1.10 and the dollar strength has significantly hits the euro and it gets most major currencies in the quarter. For the full year, we are expecting currency exchange rates to unfavorably impact revenue and adjusted EPS by $300 million and $0.16, respectively versus prior guidance. I continue to expect full year adjusted effective tax rate of 20% for fiscal 2017, which is higher than the ETR last year. While nothing has changed in our tax rate assumptions, I want to point out that year-over-year, we get an EPS benefit in the first half of fiscal 17 and have an EPS headwind in the second half of fiscal 17. Remember that our third quarter of 2016 and fourth quarter of 2016 tax rates were 17% and 13%, respectively. With our 20% tax rate assumption this year, we expect to see year-over-year EPS headwind in the second half of approximately $0.13 due to the difference in our tax rates. This is not a change versus our guidance from 90 days ago, but I wanted to provide some color on the timing. Page 16 of our slide deck contains a bridge that provide the details for the first half and second half. Please turn to Slide 9. As Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, our solid results reflect the impact of our transition to a higher margin, harsh environment portfolio, our focus on TEOA and our capital strategies. Our business is generating higher operating leverage as a result of the strategy and each dollar of sales generates 50% more adjusted EPS today than it did 5 years ago. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 34.8%, a 140 basis point improvement from prior year, driven by volume fall-through on increased volumes, productivity improvements, favorable mix and savings from portfolio actions with D&D. As noted earlier, adjusted operating margins were 17.5% in the quarter, up 180 basis points year-over-year. In the past, we have discussed how our business model outlines that TE can generate 50 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion on organic growth of 5% to 7%. However, with the transformation of the portfolio and continued successful execution of our TEOA initiatives, we believe that we could generate 50 to 70 basis points of adjusted margin expansion in 2017 on 4% organic growth, which demonstrates our strong organic model. We will also increasingly discuss adjusted EBITDA at the segment level to help explain the cash earnings of our businesses as it exclude the impact of amortization from acquisitions. For TE, adjusted EBITDA margins in Q1 were strong at 22.7% and up 190 basis points year-on-year. To show the progress that we have made, adjusted EBITDA margins are up over 500 basis points from 5 years ago. Cash from continuing operations was $404 million and free cash flow was $218 million in the quarter. We returned $234 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. Looking ahead, we continue to expect free cash flow to approximate net income, capital expenditures to be approximately 5% of sales. We remain committed to our disciplined long-term capital strategy of a balanced return on free cash flow to shareholders, while still having ample free cash flow for acquisitions. As a point of reference, we have increased the dividend per share by approximately 300% since becoming a public company. Our balance sheet is strong, with reasonable debt levels and then the ability to continue to support the return on capital and acquisitions going forward. We have added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. Now, with that, I will turn it back to Terrence.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Heath. So now, I will get into our guidance for the second quarter as well as for the full year of 2017. So, if you could please turn to Slide 10 and I will follow up with the quarter two outlook. We expect second quarter revenue of $3.025 billion to $3.125 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.05 to $1.09, representing sales growth of 4% on both the recorded and on an organic basis and 19% EPS growth at the midpoint. This guidance does include the impact of a stronger dollar, which we expect to be a $60 million headwind to sales and a $0.03 headwind to EPS on a year-over-year basis. Following two consecutive quarters of record adjusted earnings per share and strong orders in the first quarter, we expect our second quarter adjusted EPS to also be a quarterly record and our guidance represents a strong first half of fiscal 2017. By segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to grow mid single-digits organically and low single-digits on a recorded basis due to the impact of the dollar. This is above expected auto production growth levels of 2% in the second quarter, where exact growth will be driven by Asia and in Europe. Commercial transportation growth is expected to be driven by China. In industrial solutions, we expect to grow mid-teens overall through the Creganna and Intercontec acquisitions and we will be up low single-digits organically. And in communications, we expect mid single-digit organic growth, with growth in all three of our businesses. Now if you can turn to Slide 11 and let me cover full year guidance. Relative to our prior view 90 days ago, we are raising our organic growth expectations for 2017 by 100 basis points and raising the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance, with better operational performance more than offsetting the headwinds from the strengthening dollar that Heath highlighted. While we are raising our guidance for the full year, we are maintaining our previous view of the second half by keeping our second half organic growth expectations consistent with our view, 90 days ago. I believe this is prudent given the uncertainty in the macro environment. And when you look at the implied trends for first half to second half, please keep in mind the impact of the stronger dollar and the tax dynamics that Heath mentioned earlier and we have some slide details in the back of slide material for your reference. For the full year, we expect revenue in the range of $12.2 billion to $12.6 billion and adjusted EPS of $4.30 a share to $4.50 a share. This represents 3% reported growth, 4% organic growth on the top line and 11% adjusted EPS growth at the midpoint versus 52 weeks of fiscal 2016. Relative to our prior view of revenue guidance, reported revenue growth is down 200 basis points due to the $300 million impact from the currency exchange rates. Our organic growth is up 100 basis points, reflecting improvement in the transportation and communication segments. We are raising the midpoint of adjusted EPS from $4.34 to $4.40, which in essence, includes a $0.22 increase due to operational improvements and better performance from our acquisitions. Then this is offset by $0.16 of headwind from the stronger dollar. So really, highlighting the strong business model Heath and Tom talked about. I do feel very good about our ability to drive 4% organic growth, expand the operating margins by 50 to 70 basis points and generate double-digit adjusted EPS growth in this uncertain macro environment. This is an improvement and demonstrates as the portfolio is delivering, while we continue to benefit from the secular trend of content growth across our businesses. While much of our operating margin expansion in the past few years have been driven by our transportation segment, I am pleased that in 2017 our operating margin expansion will be driven by all three segments, with more contribution from communications and industrial. So before the full year guidance and thinking through the segments, we expect transportation solutions to be up mid single-digits organically, on 2% auto production growth reflecting content growth trends and share gains. We also expect commercial transportation to outperform its end market again this year, benefiting from content expansion in the heavy truck market. And we expect sensors to grow mid single-digits in total year-over-year. Industrial Solutions organic growth guidance is not changing from 90 days ago and we continue to expect growth to be up low single-digits organically, with continued gains in commercial aerospace and defense as well as medical. Communications is expected to be up mid single-digits organically, an increase versus our prior year view due to the strength in appliances and data and devices. And as I mentioned earlier, weve hit a milestone of improved performance in the D&D business. Progress and growth and profitability is ahead of our prior expectations. We now expect organic growth for D&D in fiscal 2017 in the low single-digits and momentum in SubCom remains strong. And we continue to expect growth in the mid single-digits for the year in SubCom. Before I turn it back to Tom for closing comments, I do want to highlight that this is Toms last earnings call as our CEO, after doing about 40 of these earnings calls with you all. And I do want to say on behalf of the leadership team as well as our 70,000 employees I want to publicly thank Tom for his leadership over the past 10 years. So with that, Tom I will turn it back over to you for closing comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. I appreciate that. Well, to sum things up, this was a great quarter and positions TE for another very good year of performance. Our portfolio is focused on the right markets and we are the leader in the vast majority of these markets. We are consistently improving our customer satisfaction growing margins and earnings per share and returning capital to shareholders. Most importantly though we have a strong passionate organization across the globe that really is dedicated to providing our customers with an extraordinary experience. Its making a difference. Our customers have given us the feedback. They have given us more opportunity and its definitely showing up in the financials. As this will be as Terrence mentioned, my last earnings call, hard to believe, where does the time go, I also want to take a moment to thank all of our investors and the analysts who have covered us. I really have enjoyed our relationship over the past 10 plus years. And its been very rich. And most importantly, I want to thank the entire TE team for the greatest experience of my career. Its hard to imagine that you could be this fortunate to work with a team like this for this long. In March, Terrence will succeed me as CEO in a very well-planned transition. Terrence is uniquely positioned to take TE to the next level of performance and I really  I just couldnt feel any better about this succession. I am really  we worked together for  since the beginning. He has been a driving force in building this company and he has a clear vision, for taken in a really strong team to work with, to go there. So I will miss it, for sure, but it is the right time to turn it over to this team. So with that, lets open it up for questions.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you good morning. Tom, good luck. Its been a pleasure and hey, you are handling all the ratings here on a high note with all-time margin highs. So for my question, you had really strong auto revenue performance relative to production growth in the quarter reflecting some really strong content growth, I was wondering if you could share some color around this content growth where that was strongest regionally and some other drivers that supported it, any color around that. And it looks like when I look at your full year guide for the Auto segment revenues relative to production, it looks like that relative growth delta sort of slows down for the course of the year, so is that just conservatism or what are the dynamics that you are seeing there and I have a follow-up?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Wamsi, let me take that. When you look at it, the first quarter what was a very strong quarter and it was driven at Asia. We saw I think, continued trends around sort of North America being flat, but we also did have growth in Europe. When you think through the content, its broad based. It is not one application and I think really when it comes to the perfect content and the share gains, it represents our strong global position that we have throughout automotive. I think when you look at the year, like I said in the guidance, we did expect automotive in the second half of the year production to slowdown versus the first half. We kept that the same. We still feel when you get to the second half, while production globally, we assume to be relatively flat. We are going to still drive mid single-digit organic growth, improve that organic content and growth story. So its just one of the elements of how production is with the strong Asia part in the first half, a lot of it is driven by China. But the content along all the trends we have, whether its electronification of the car, how the car gets more connected or around the green side of the car, how emissions and electronics get put them on. So it isnt one specific area, its really the combination of all the trends we talked to you about.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, great. Thanks for that color Terrance. And as my follow-up, any early thoughts here on the potential impact from the border adjusted tax or more broadly maybe you can just talk about your manufacturing footprint today and how that might possibly change under different scenarios that might play out here with the new administration? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Wamsi, its Terrence again. So as you know, we produce where our customers consume. So when you look at our footprint and a lot of the work that we have done to get our capacity to the right part that Tom and Heath talked about in their prepared comments, we feel very good about where our footprint is aligned with where our customers are. So we are fairly balanced when it comes to that element. How the border tax comes out, I think we all have to sit there and wait to see how that does. When we sit there today, we like where we are positioned manufacturing wise and we will keep you all updated. Clearly, on things and tax related to repatriation, being a Swiss company, that doesnt really impact us positively or negatively. So from that viewpoint when we look at the guidance we gave you, its pretty much a steady-state guidance as we think about it.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, great. Thanks a lot Terrance and good luck guys, great results.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Wamsi.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Wamsi.
Sujal Shah: Could we have the next question please?
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thanks. First question, I just wanted to touch on kind of the content near-term environment, as you said you may be taking a hopefully conservative approach to the back half of the year and not flowing this through, but just I feel like we have been here in the last few years a couple of times where there has been some glimmers of expansion and it kind of fades, so anything different you are seeing from customers or any types of inflections, design-ins, things like that, that you kind of compare and contrast where we are today versus the last few years?
Terrence Curtin: What I would say Craig, I think there is a couple of things. One of the things, if you look to the quarter, its very broad based across all our businesses. And thats something you havent seen in a while. I would also say both through our direct customer relationships, I would also say our channel partners you will see some confidence in some of their activity. The other thing that I would say is  it is across  all orders grew in all three regions. So there is to your view, some glimmer of I think it shows the background around our markets, but I would also say there is still uncertainty in the macro when you deal with things like the currency rates that while we have capped our back half the way it is from where we guided. So when we sit there, I do think you are going to continue to see improvement. Clearly, you are going to see improvement in our Industrial and Communications segment as we go through the year. I think the order trends for some of the comments we made show very strong trends that we are excited about. And then also the element around D&D growth. Thats not a headwind thereafter. We did a lot of pruning to get that business focused on applications where we thought we could get paid for the great engineering and serve our customers for that we do. So I do think there are some positive glimmers of momentum not only in the business, but in the markets we serve. So, I do think it feels a little different from the backdrop than it was a year ago or even during certain times last year.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks for the color there. And then just as a follow-up, I know the company is highlighted from an integrated product perspective the opportunity in transmission applications, just wanted to get an update kind of where you are there. And then really even beyond that, are there other types of applications within autos where you see the potential for some integrated products?
Terrence Curtin: Absolutely, certainly when you think about integrated products and where we bring [ph] sort of giving much more than just an interconnect product, but other technologies like sensors and sometimes even some of our cable technology on the material side, it does go broader than transmission. I know we use the transmission example as one to bring it to life, but it is then brake applications. It is then track applications. Its throughout the auto, is where we get those. So it is much broader than that and probably what we should do is break some of those and there is the life as we talk to investors. I know we have been talking a lot about the transmission example. But Craig, I think the important point is, when you see the content growth that we are driving above production like we did in the first quarter and what we guided for the year in auto, it shows integrated solutions that help drive that content up. Thats why we have confidence that over time, what we do around $60 today, over the next 5 years, we can take up to that $80 range, not only from the trends that we benefit from, but also bringing those integrated solutions to our customers and we become more important to them and serve to many where they are in the world.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Craig.
Sujal Shah: Thanks Craig. Could we have next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks. I have two as well, but first, congratulations and best of luck Tom, on your next chapter.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Amit.
Amit Daryanani: I guess just start to with on transportation side Terrence, could you just quantify  did you say 20% off margins plus or minus 100 or 22% for the rest of the year. And within that, just what sort of headwind do you think you have in transportation right now, from Sensor segment margins being below the transportation averages and if you could quantify clarify that part for us?
Terrence Curtin: Sure my comment was 20% Amit, plus or minus 1%. So I appreciate you being aggressive. Well and on the sensors, sensors actually  we all know that, thats running single-digit as we continue to invest ahead of the range that we have ahead of us that will begin in 2018. So we do think that, that will be a lever over time as those programs ramp, but we saw a significant investment in those programs. So as we talk to you, we do think that app will get up to mid-teens EBITDA over time, but we are going to make investments and plan to ramp this programs and we are from a margin perspective, investing ahead. So I do think thats something that we will have a little bit more of detail on it, but it will help the transportation margins over time.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. Eventually, it will be 22% plus or minus 100, just not right now. I guess maybe a follow-up, if I look at your full year guide, right, either on the op margin expansion that you guys are talking about, or really the EPS growth, it all seems very first half heavy to me, the back half margin, I think implied flat EPS probably down I think in the back half and again, the tax rate adjustment is a big factor there. But I guess just talking about given the strength you are seeing in end demand, auto book is really good, your book-to-bill is really strong, it doesnt seem like you are extending this positivity into the back half of the year. What holds you back and what refrains you from doing that right now?
Heath Mitts: This is Heath. I think we are taking a prudent view of the back half of the year, just with the  certainly we are benefiting the first half from some very strong Asia auto, but the broadening strength across the portfolio is encouraging. And we will continue to update you as we move along throughout the year. I would say we just want to make sure that people well understand the second half impact of the higher sub tax rate relative to some lower tax rates we had in prior year in the second half. And then the FX  the anticipated FX headwind is more significant in the back half. So from those will impact, how we think about is year-over-year second half EPS, from a margin perspective, we admittedly, the 17.5% is everything pointing in the right direction for mix and everything else in the quarter and we are taking a prudent view as we look through the back half of the year. But there is nothing that I say artificially inflates that 17.5% and nor do we expect something that comes in, that is significantly unfavorable other than just the operating activities in the back half of the year.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thanks a lot and congratulations on a nice win guys.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Thanks.
Sujal Shah: Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. Many of the questions and comments before this were focused on the auto sector and transportation, which is rightfully so. So, I think my follow-up questions I will ask on the other segments. And that is two questions I will ask them at the same time. First on industrial, we do note that oil prices are up year-over-year. So, one would hope that maybe that would help out with, say, the industrial segment some, is that starting to kick in or maybe I am off on what the key performance leading indicators are that you are looking at or how should we think about that? And especially with the new Presidential Trump administration signing in things like Keystone products, EPA changes and things like that, how should we think about it? And then my follow-up question is on the SubCom business, you mentioned last year youve got a benefit of course, but your guidance on SubCom looks a bit different than say some of the other customers and competitors who are seeing extremely strong SubCom pipelines. And I was just kind of curious about what you are seeing on the SubCom side? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Jim. Let me take both of those. So lets start with oil and gas. Number one is when you look at our oil and gas business, we basically are seeing stabilization. And that stabilization, we are happy to see certainly we hope upside comps as oil moves, but right now, I would say as we see it from the programs we are exposed to is much more around stabilization than I would say any ramp up. The other element that I would say when you think about our oil and gas business, it is very much around oceanic oil. So pipelines, land-based, we are not strong in that. So on that, it is important to understand this is really around offshore oil and gas and the indicators around that are really offshore rigs. So where we see things right now is its still stable in our guidance, and hopefully, we get some benefit from some of the things that President Trump is talking about that those kick in and help them back to get us little bit more upside in industrial. But thats not assumed right now. On SubCom, we feel very good about where we are at. Similar really, not much has changed since the last quarter. Our guidance for the year is to be up 5% that will put us well over $900 million in revenue. Our backlog, we are booked for the  so really when we look at the programs that we win throughout this year, its really around 2018. So, 2017 is very locked and loaded. Our team is working very hard to execute to the backlog with where we are from an execution perspective and really program  its a pipeline of programs that we are quoting and trying to win, its still very active. So we still think we are in a growth phase, but I would just say, right now, the 5% that we talked about last quarter being up year-over-year, even though we were down a little bit due to timing in the first quarter, we feel right in front of us and its really around execution for us this year. So clearly, benefit from cloud applications, not only in SubCom, youve heard it in D&D, where we have also had that benefit. The hyperscale customers and we are getting benefits in both the segments from them.
Jim Suva: Okay, thank you for your details. Much appreciate it.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Jim.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Jim.
Sujal Shah: Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, good morning. I wanted to just, I guess, get the earlier recovery within data and devices and maybe just kind of what brought about the earlier recovery? Did the winds ran faster? And maybe just what could be the growth rate within that business going forward since we really dont have a comp for the past couple of years given that the pruning in the business sales and everything else?
Tom Lynch: Sure, Shawn. If you look at it, it really comes down to penetration on high-speed applications and with the growth on how they are ramping with some of the cloud infrastructure providers and hyperscale customers. So really when you look at it, those customers are probably about 20% of our data and device businesses today. We have been focused on it. And the adoption that we are seeing and the ramps that they have done have been a little bit quicker than we expected. So, I think the momentum that you have been waiting for and we have been waiting for, we are very pleased at 6 months ahead and it actually shows the design wins and the execution momentum we are getting in the business, again, to drive growth. 90 days ago, we told you we were probably going to be flat in data and devices for the year organically and with growth in the second half. We closed 200 basis points here. We do think it will be in the low single-digit for the year, but I think you are going to get growth throughout the year. And I think the real thing about you should assume right now is that we believe this business can be a low single-digit organic grower right now and its really going to be as we continue to build our product focus there, how much higher can we take it. And I would still say, whats great is we are at that inflection point that we have been waiting for and its a real testament for the team getting that momentum sooner and certainly been focused on the customers organization. So clearly pleased with where we are with it, because its also focused on the right customers and getting wins with the right customers, everywhere in the world.
Shawn Harrison: Thats helpful, Terrence. And then a follow for Heath, if I may. I think the restructuring charge for the year may have went up a bit, maybe I am wrong, but I was hoping you could actually speak now that you have been there for more than a few  a month or so, for I think the last  with the last call. Just the kind of maybe some opportunities in terms of just maybe leaning out the organization and how you are going to approach M&A going forward, maybe some  are there opportunities like Intercontec that are out there in the TE kind of funnel that we could see close during the year? So if you could just touch on those topics? That would be great.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Well, a couple of different angles there. We did inch up the restructuring comments from 90 days ago and largely there is not one item on there that drives it. There is a list of several things, particularly around some footprint consolidation that continues to go on, or deals for acquisitions that have been completed over the last few years. And marginally, thats facility consolidation. And then there are some structural things that we look at and we will continue to be ongoing, Id say for this year and probably into the early part of next year, just in terms of how organized and the layers within the company. So more to come on that, but I think we are sharpening our pencils certainly. Not all $150 million of that restructuring would be cash charges. There is some things in there that are non-cash that we will talk about later in the year. So, more to come on that, but in the M&A side, certainly we are active. Intercontec has been a great performance out of the gate. We are also very pleased with the performance on the medical side, Creganna  well, both of those are well ahead of the deal model expectations and are executed very well. And Creganna, we will anniversary here little bit late this quarter, in terms of the fresh full year on our portfolio. The Medical space has continued to have legs to it. And so looking at things along that, maybe not the same size necessarily of ground type transaction, those things are a little bit closer to the Intercontec size or something, plus or minus in that range that have good margins and where we can get to a return on invested capital may be a little quicker than historically we have, so lots of opportunity out there, but we will be choosy and spend the shareholders dollar wisely.
Shawn Harrison: Right, thats grateful and congrats on the quarter and Tom thanks for all the help. I appreciate it.
Tom Lynch: You are very welcome. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Could we have the next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats to everyone on the roles, especially Tom, you have really transformed this thing from the old Tyco.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
William Stein: But I did have a question on the sensor demand, it sounds like you are lowering that outlook modestly, we have thought that this would be sort of an accelerating market for content share and integration, can you offer us a little bit more detail on how that market is progressing for you now, how you expect it to perform over the next several quarters?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. A couple of things, well, thanks for the question. Our expectations around sensors has not changed for the New Year. Overall, we expect growth to be mid single-digit. The only change we would have to be due to FX, so our expectation has not changed versus where we were. I think when you look at it, certainly, we did get impacted in our sensors business by the same thing that impacted our industrial business since we bought Measurement. And Measurement was very much focused on industrial applications. So as there was the industrial recession going on that impacted our Industrial segment, it did also impact the Measurement asset, then the growth was a little bit slower. What we really get excited about was when we bought Measurement, we basically signed up to scale that and use our go-to-market and take that great Measurement technology into different markets like automotive and to places like industrial transportation. And really, those program wins and that momentum there is very strong, that program pipeline is strong. But as you know, those programs dont  one of the day and ship them in three months, they are programs that we have been building out past couple of years. And really you are going to see the growth of that, really in 2018 as when we are going to start having some of our launches. Thats why we are investing ahead in sensors and part of those programs. And in some cases, that they are integrated products. They are not just the sensor element, they are things that also have additional things on them. So we feel very good that we are leveraging our go-to-market to get those wins. Certainly, you are not seeing them in the numbers yet. And 2018 is when you are going to start to see those come through with revenue and going to be excited to show it to you in 18 and shows you normalcy in 2017, is not just where the program ramps are.
William Stein: It is actually really good color and my follow-up related to that is pretty brief. Those gains that you are ramping now in terms of the design wins, where we will see revenue in 18, would you expect those to wind up coming at the expense of another company already in that space or are these brand-new applications and I assume its mostly in automotive?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. They are a big chunk order in automotive and they are among many technologies. So there you amended either temperature, the pressure, they are among many different technologies and in the sensor space the fragmentation around the sensor space, really make to that, you compete against different people not one competitor. So whats really great about the programs we have won is they are among varying technologies, they are at different regions of the world, which really shows the strength of our go-to-market and then it also comes out some of that business case that when we bought Measurement to get these technologies, how do we leverage our go-to-market in places where we have very exceptional leadership positions like our Transportation segment, we are leveraging. So we will continue to share those as they ramp, but 2018 will be the year where you will start seeing it in the numbers versus just from our works.
William Stein: Thanks and congrats again on the great print.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Will
Sujal Shah: Thank you. Could we have the next question?
Operator: Your next question comes on the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Congratulations on good results and Tom, let me add my best wishes for you going forward.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Mark.
Mark Delaney: The first question is just specifically on Asian auto, there is talk about some potential slowdown there on the call and if we strip out the FX impact, your 4.40 becomes 4.56 for full year guide and you guys were on a 4.60 run rate, so it seems even excluding FX, there is some slowdown baked into the business as we go through the year, is there anything you are actually seeing in the Asian automotive business thats starting to slowdown either in terms of orders or customer conversations or is that just you are doing your best to forecast the potential change there for the back half?
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it Mark, similar to last quarter, we knew there is this China incentives that was ending at the end of the first quarter. We expected a slide in China demand that the incentive is sort of phased out throughout the year. We do expect production to still stay strong into the second quarter, but there is still is an element of when you have incentives, this is pull forward demand. And so when we look at it and talking to our customers, they have told us things back to production to moderate in the second half versus a very strong level we are going to have in the first quarter and continue a little bit in the second quarter. So its not really different that while we pull forward, just we are getting a little bit decreased production due to the incentive being phased out. So when we look at the second half, the second half is identical to where we were 90 days ago and if there is more incentives around China, I would expect we would benefit from it, but they are not there yet. And we are really aligned with our customers. So like we said, we expect auto production in our third and fourth quarter to be relatively flat, globally. But we expect organic growth in our automotive business, even in a flat environment due to our content and share gains. So when you look at that year-on-year, we do expect growth in transportation in a flat backdrop production months right now.
Mark Delaney: Thats helpful. Follow-up question is on margin and the gross margin in particular came in very nicely at 34.8, I think its all-time high, certainly more than I was looking for, I think it was something unusual in there, but there is guidance it seems assumes margin to moderate as we go through the year, can you just tell us specifically, how should we think about the gross margin line and what sort of factors help to get to that 34.8 and why should we expect it to come down as we move through the year on the margin level?
Heath Mitts: Mark, I think its similar to the same answer that I provided earlier on the overall operating margin. I think in the quarter certainly, we benefited from the volumes being higher than I think would be certainly guided earlier. And then we also invested favorable mix in the quarter in terms of just geographically where things were delivered. So I dont think we are looking at a significant drop in gross margins, but you could be with that a point or so.
Mark Delaney: Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Mark. Could we have the next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fox: Thanks. Good morning. First of all Tom, not to date myself too much, but if I think back to what you were handed when you took the job, I never would have thought you would have been this successful with the business, but congratulations.
Tom Lynch: Thank you very much.
Steve Fox: Every thing you did, surely one of the better managing jobs I have ever seen. So in terms of just big picture question, if I could, one of the things that I noticed at the last CES I attended in January, was that a lot of the Tier 1 OEMs are sort of moving further up the stack and I am thinking the guys that also make sensors and connectors and as they do that, it seems like they are looking to put more turnkey solutions out there, integrating some of the products that you are focused on and I was curious if you think that, thats either a competitive threat, maybe pressure to margins or how you would deal with that in your own roadmap, going forward and I know thats a longer term question, but I was just curious what you thought? Thanks.
Terrence Curtin: Tom, do you want to start with that and I will jump in then?
Tom Lynch: No, I think you should take this Terrence, go ahead.
Terrence Curtin: Alright. Now, when you look at it clearly, we view that as an opportunity. When you get into any integration and one of the things thats great about the business that we have always had is we benefit from electronics trends, but we also get integrated out due to electronic trends. Connectors can be integrated out by semiconductors and so forth, but because there are more electronics happening, it also creates in that content opportunity. I think when we look at it Steve, its really around it creates more opportunity because of the abilities we have and the value we provide to our customers. So why as we said there its why we get excited about our content in auto being able to grow from the 60 to 80 that we talked about, because what sensors brings to it, how we integrate these things in, I mean we probably arent to a turnkey level, but you describe how I think about it, but that integration we provide to allow some way to get to a turnkey level is very important. And that drives the content growth opportunity and the stickiness we have with our customers and our engineers basically create so much more opportunities. So we knew thats a net-net opportunity. We dont view its displacement, because we are very close to the architecture of the vehicle and what we do. And that is a very important factor as people continue to evolve the architecture. The world that we play in partnering with BOEs and the Tier 1s, both of them are our customers is really what we get excited about why I am so buoyant on the content opportunity. So its all plus.
Steve Fox: Thats helpful Terrance. And then just a quick follow-up to that, I guess as it applies to acquisitions, would you envision acquisitions still being focused on sort of discrete sensor and connector technologies or are there other materials and integration skills that you may add through deals?
Terrence Curtin: I think when you look at it, I think you can always think that we have always a priority towards the components side, but even when you do take Creganna, that is doing more than just a component. So I think you will see things over time of that can add integration like skills. But I think it will be a balance of both and it will be how does it tie into our strategies in different markets. I think you have seen move into that with Creganna, but we had more the component they had much more a full assembly and integration capability that we had and thats one of the things we get excited about the close of our customers and medical wanted that. And we would bring it organically alone. So I think you will see a little bit of a different answer in different markets, but I think you expect a little bit above from us.
Steve Fox: Great. Thank you very much.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Steve.
Sujal Shah: Thanks Steve. Could we have the next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Sheerin from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Alvin Park: Yes. Hi, this is Alvin Park speaking on behalf of Matt Sheerin. First of all, Tom, congratulations and wish you the best of luck.
Tom Lynch: Thanks very much.
Alvin Park: Yes. Just one in terms of commodity pricing, prices have been increasing particularly for copper, so could you have some insight into how that might affect gross margins going forward for the rest of the year and if you will be able to pass those costs along to the customers?
Terrence Curtin: Well, as we think about fiscal 17, we do not anticipate a material impact from that, but thats largely because of our hedging programs that we have in place that protect us in the near-term. We will honestly monitor that as we go forward more thinking about the impact in 2018 and how we want to handle that from both the hedging as well as how we incorporate that into our cost pricing structure. But for 17, at this point, there is enough balance back and forth in terms of where we are seeing the different commodities move as well as where we have our programs in place, that we dont anticipate
Alvin Park: I see and another quick follow-up. On D&D, you talked about cloud infrastructure and I think in the previous question you mentioned the cloud infrastructure opportunity represents roughly 20% of D&D, I think you mentioned hyper conversion and the likes, but could you give us some more color and details in terms of what penetration  what areas of penetration and what opportunities you look to see going forward?
Terrence Curtin: When we look at it, we very much have focused portfolio around [indiscernible] applications. So went back 5 years ago, we would have talked to you about consumer electronics, devices and its very much as we have gone through our journey there to reposition. Its been very much around high speed applications. And the great product for us we have around that which also includes miniaturization, but high speed de-coupled together. So when we sit there, it is really around the hyper scale providers certainly the big four and the people that also help them build out the cloud. So thats the one that we have been penetrating very well. We are very pleased with that they are 20% of our D&D business today. And thats going to be the area we continue to invest in on the high-speed side.
Alvin Park: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Sujal Shah: Thanks. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri Scribner: Hi gentlemen. Thank you. I just want to ask the question sort of at a high level, if you think about the update that you are giving us versus 90 days ago, it sounds like there is a bigger FX headwind than originally thought due to the stronger dollar, but your organic outlook for transportation and industrial is really unchanged, maybe a bit more front end loaded, but on the communications side, it sounds like you have a bit more of a positive outlook for the full year, is that driven by sort of a reacceleration in SubCom through the year or is that driven by the better outlook in data devices, though I guess one is that sort of the right way to think about it and two, whats driving that outlook in communications?
Terrence Curtin: I think the first part of your assumption is accurate. Obviously, the strengthening dollar in the quarter versus our prior guidance has added some headwind to the year. We will quantify that at roughly at the current rates about $300 million versus our prior guidance on revenue. In terms of our outlook by segments, your comment  we are still projecting transportation to be mid single-digits, but on the higher side of mid single-digits than what we had thought 90 days ago. Industrial, right on track in terms of what our prior guidance is and you are correct on communications. We have moved that from low single-digits up to mid single-digits in terms of organic growth from Communications segment. Thats largely  that increase is largely driven by appliances and D&D though. SubCom is unchanged since our last projection. We feel good about the SubCom number. Its all down to execution thats fully booked up, but the change there with the bias towards the upside is coming from the better projections out of D&D.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, great. And then can you give us some high level thoughts on what you are seeing geographically in the industrial business? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Sherri, one of the things I mentioned was I am very pleased globally, geographically that across the  we had growth in all regions. When you look at the Industrial segment, we talked a lot about Asia with communications and transportation during our comments. We also had nice growth in industrial in Asia, for about 6% organically in Asia in the quarter. And orders drove about 18% in Asia as well, so on an organic basis. So we saw it there. We continue to see Europe in a nice position, organically sort of low single-digits. And lastly on an order side, in North America still is relatively flattish and in the industrial space for us, organically and we do expect that through the year, some of the comm air programs and medical that we will take up, but really, we see  we saw a lot of strength in Asia.
Sherri Scribner: Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Youre welcome.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Sherri.
Sujal Shah: Thanks Sherri. If you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10.30 Eastern Time today through February 1. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 414794. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with the access code 414794. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd. Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd. Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd. Heath A. Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q4 2016 TE Connectivity Earnings Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full year 2016 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; President, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that addresses the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now let me turn the call over to Tom for opening comments.
Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks for joining us today. I'm going to review the highlights of Q4 and the full year and preview fiscal 2017 guidance, then I'll turn it over to Terrence to cover our performance in more detail. Before I get started, one more reminder that our fourth quarter included 14 weeks this year. Please turn to slide three. Fiscal 2016 was a very good year for TE. I'm especially pleased with our Q4 results which included record adjusted earnings per share above the high end of our guidance and record free cash flow. We also finished the year with strong orders, setting us up for a good start to our 2017 fiscal year. A key takeaway is that on both a 13-week and 14-week basis, the company had a very good fourth quarter, exceeding our guidance in earnings and expectations in cash flow. Sales for the full 14-week quarter were $3.3 billion, essentially at the midpoint of our guidance. Excluding the extra week, sales grew 4% and 2% organically. Adjusted EPS was $1.27 on a 14-week basis, $0.07 better than the midpoint of our guidance. On a 13-week basis, adjusted EPS was $1.14, up 27% over the prior year, and as I mentioned, a new record for us. Orders of $2.95 billion were up 11% year-over-year and up 1% sequentially excluding the extra week and our SubCom business. Adjusted operating margin was 16.5% and free cash flow was approximately $600 million. We continue to execute our harsh strategy with the completion of acquisition of Intercontec at the end of the quarter, adding a very nice range of connectivity products to our Industrial Solutions product portfolio. We also continue to execute very well in the SubCom business with the October announcement that TE was awarded the new Pacific Light Cable Network, a trans-Pacific system where TE is working with Google and Facebook. Q4 was a very good quarter and momentum is strong as we enter fiscal 2017. Now please turn to slide four. We were able to beat our guidance and deliver double digit adjusted EPS growth despite a slower-than-expected economic environment. This is a good indicator of the multiple levers we have to drive performance. Our harsh businesses continue to perform well. SubCom had an excellent year and we made several key acquisitions including Creganna, which established us as a leader in the market for minimally-invasive medical solutions, Jaquet which expanded our sensor position in the transportation market, and Intercontec which I mentioned earlier. We also sold our Circuit Protection business to narrow our focus in the Communication segment. From a financial perspective, sales were $12.24 billion; adjusted EPS was $4.08, $0.08 above our original guidance; and free cash flow exceeded our expectations at $1.6 billion. We maintained strong operating margins of 15.8% for the full year with operating margins in the 16%-plus range in the second half. Adjusted EBITDA margins remained strong at 20.6% in a very low growth market. We also returned $3.1 billion to shareholders in dividends and stock buybacks. Now I'll take a minute to highlight our fiscal 2017 guidance. We expect revenue of $12.3 billion to $12.9 billion, which represents total growth of 5% and organic growth of 3% at midpoint using a 52-week baseline in fiscal 2016. We expect adjusted EPS of $4.19 to $4.49, representing 10% growth at midpoint and another year of double digit EPS growth when compared to the 52-week base of $3.95 in 2016. Before we move on, I wanted to recognize that this is the first earnings call since our announcement that Terrence Curtin will become CEO in March. I couldn't be more confident about the choice of Terrence. I also want to welcome Heath Mitts who joined us as CFO a couple of months ago. Heath is getting up to speed very quickly and will be a strong partner for Terrence. Now I'll pass it over to Terrence and he will review our performance in more detail.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Tom. And good morning, everyone. Before we get into the segment results and updates, I'd like to cover our orders for the quarter, which will help provide the foundation for the trends that we're seeing in our business as well as our expectations for 2017. If you could please turn to slide five, and this shows our order trends on both a 13 and 14-week basis excluding our SubCom business. I'll speak to our orders on a 13-week basis so you have an apples-to-apples comparison versus last year and last quarter. Orders were up 11% year-over-year and our book-to-bill was 1.03. On a sequential basis, we saw 1% growth which is stronger than normal seasonality as we typically experience a slight sequential decline. So we're clearly pleased with the order momentum as we enter into 2017. Geographically, we saw order growth in all regions on an organic basis. The strength overall was driven by Asia, both in China, as well as outside of China, with order growth of 22%. Europe and the Americas orders grew approximately 3%, and those regions remain steady with continued growth in orders. From a segment perspective, in Transportation, orders increased 15% year-over-year and were up 3% sequentially as China auto OEMs increased production ahead of the expiration of government incentives at the end of the calendar year. Industrial segment orders grew 15% year-over-year due to the Creganna acquisition, and on an organic order basis, they grew 4% with growth across each of our three Industrial businesses. Sequentially, Industrial orders declined in line with typical seasonality. In the Communications segment, excluding SubCom, we saw sequential growth of 4% driven by both our Appliances and Data/Device businesses. In Data and Devices, we are seeing increasing momentum in the business as product exits are largely behind us. And year-over-year orders were up if you exclude the impact from the sale of our Circuit Protection business. Now let me spend a minute on SubCom, as this business continues its strong momentum. As Tom mentioned, we were recently named as the supplier of trans-Pacific system with Google and Facebook, and with $1 billion of backlog, we expect SubCom to grow again in 2017. Please turn to slide six to discuss the segment results, and let me kick it off with our Transportation segment. Segment sales grew 5% organically in the quarter on a 13-week basis, with strong growth in Auto and Commercial Transportation. This was offset by weakness in Sensors that was driven by industrial-related markets like we've talked about the past few quarters. Our Auto sales in the quarter were up 6%, in line with our expectations and ahead of auto production growth of 3% during the quarter due to content gains. Growth was driven by strength in Asia and in Europe partially offset by declines in North America. Going forward, we continue to expect our Auto business to grow ahead of auto production, driven by electronic content growth and a rich pipeline of platform ramps from design wins that we generated over the past several years. In our Commercial and Transportation business, we delivered very strong performance with organic growth of 4% year-over-year despite a very challenging end market in North America. Our performance was driven by strength in China and Europe, and this was partially offset by declines in North America. Turning to Sensors, we saw overall growth of 4% that was driven by the acquisition of Jaquet. We did see a 2% organic decline as we continue to be impacted by the weaknesses in the industrial-related markets, which make up more than half of our sensor sales. We continue to see strong design win momentum in the automotive space for sensor applications and expect to begin to see meaningful revenue from these programs beginning in fiscal 2018. Adjusted operating margins in the segment were 19.6% and were in line with our expectations and were up sequentially 20 basis points. For the full year, the segment delivered 5% organic growth and 19.2% adjusted operating margins. If you could please turn to slide seven, let me move over to the Industrial Solutions segment. On an overall basis, segment sales were up 16% year-over-year due to the acquisition of Creganna. On a 13-week organic basis, revenue in the segment declined 2% driven by weakness in the Oil and Gas and an overall slow Industrial Equipment environment. Geographically, we continue to see North America as weak, Europe as stable and China improving. I'll provide some color now on sales growth in our industrial businesses and this'll be on a 13-week basis. In the Industrial Equipment area, we saw 15% growth driven by the Creganna acquisition, which is performing ahead of our expectations. We continue to be excited about the growth potential in this minimally-invasive medical market. On a pro forma basis, if we had owned Creganna this time last year, our growth would have been greater than 10%. Excluding Creganna, the Industrial Equipment business declined 7% organically with softness in all regions but did show first half to second half growth of 7% as markets recovered from the first half inventory correction that we talked about earlier in the year. In the Aerospace & Defense area, we had strong growth of 6% organically, driven by share gains in both commercial air platforms and defense applications. In Oil and Gas, similar to prior quarters, our sales declined by 27% due to the end market conditions in that area. And finally, our Energy business had a very nice growth of 6% organically with growth both in China as well as in the Americas. From a margin perspective, adjusted operating margins were in line with expectations but down year-over-year. The year-over-year decline is due entirely to the Oil and Gas business, which impacted segment operating margins by approximately 100 basis points year-over-year due to the revenue declines that we saw in that business. We do expect the oil and gas impact to our margins to affect our comparisons to the first quarter of 2017 but then they'll be anniversaried as we get later into the year. For the full year, the Industrial Solutions segment delivered 1% actual growth and 12.3% adjusted operating margins. Organically, the segment sales declined 3% for the full year but did grow 11% from the first half to second half following the inventory corrections that I mentioned that we experienced in the first two quarters. So, if you could please turn to slide eight, let me cover Communications Solutions. During the quarter, the Communications segment revenue was down 1% organically on a 13-week basis. The SubCom business saw 13% year-over-year growth driven by strong execution from multiple projects that we have in force. For the full year, SubCom grew 25% in fiscal 2016. In Appliances on a 13-week basis, our business grew 3% organically while Data and Devices declined 13% organically due to the effects of product exits. What was nice about Data and Devices, we did experience another quarter of sequential sales growth in the business in quarter four as the product exits are largely behind us. Adjusted operating margin for the segment expanded 180 basis points sequentially and 240 basis points year-over-year due to the productivity improvements and restructuring actions we've taken in the segment. For the full year 2016, Communications Solutions declined 2% organically driven by Data and Devices and generated 11.6% adjusted operating margins. Now let me hand it over to Heath who will cover the financials.
Heath A. Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Terrence. And good morning, everyone. To start off, I'm excited to join the TE team here and I look forward to getting to know the investor and analyst community over the coming quarters. Now if you'd please turn to slide nine, I'll provide more details on our Q4 earnings. Adjusted operating income was $551 million with an adjusted operating margin of 16.5%. Excluding the extra week, our adjusted operating margin was 16%. Note that the operating income impact from the additional week was $55 million. GAAP operating income was $517 million and included $30 million of restructuring charges driven primarily by Data and Devices and $4 million of acquisition-related charges. Adjusted EPS was $1.27 for the quarter. If you exclude the $0.13 contribution from the additional week, adjusted EPS was $1.14 and up 27% year-on-year, a new company record. The growth above prior year was driven by an increase in operating income, incremental benefits from share buyback, and a lower adjusted effective tax rate of 13%. The adjusted tax rate was lower than prior guidance due to the mix of profitability by region and statute expirations in certain jurisdictions. GAAP EPS was $1.22 for the quarter and included restructuring and acquisition-related charges of $0.05. For full year 2016, restructuring charges were $125 million, and I expect similar levels for 2017, driven primarily by activity in our industrial-related and acquired businesses. Due to the benefit from the settlement of all pre-separation tax disputes with the Internal Revenue Service that was discussed last quarter, we ended 2016 with a full-year GAAP income tax benefit of $779 million and an adjusted effective tax rate of 18.5% for the full year. I expect a full-year adjusted effective tax rate of 20% for 2017. Now if you'll turn to slide 10, our business is performing well in a challenging economic environment driven by the resiliency of our harsh portfolio and the execution of the TE Operating Advantage program or TEOA. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33.2%, a 70% [sic] 0.7% improvement from prior year driven by productivity improvements across the segments. Adjusted operating margins were 16.5% in the quarter, and going forward into 2017, we continue to manage our business tightly and will continue to invest for future growth in our harsh businesses. Adjusted EBITDA margins help explain the profitability performance of our business including acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA margins in Q4 were strong at 20.9%, which was up 20 basis points sequentially. In the quarter, we had strong performance with cash flow from continuing operations of $782 million and free cash flow of $594 million, up a strong 53% from prior year. The growth was driven by significant improvements in working capital, and again, is reflective of the team's solid execution. For the full year, I'm pleased to report that we generated nearly $1.6 billion of free cash flow, signaling a very healthy business. Looking ahead, we continue to expect free cash flow to approximate net income and capital expenditures to be approximately 5% of revenue. We remain committed to our disciplined long-term capital strategy of a balanced return of free cash flow to shareholders while still having ample free cash flow available for acquisitions. In 2016, we returned $3.1 billion to our shareholders through dividend and share repurchases. Our balance sheet remains strong with reasonable debt levels and an ability to continue to support the return of capital and acquisitions going forward. We have added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Terrence.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Heath. And now I'll cover our guidance for the first quarter and the full year of 2017. So, if you could please turn to slide 11 for the first quarter outlook. We expect first quarter revenue of $2.95 billion to $3.05 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $0.98 to $1.02, representing sales growth of 6% and 3% on an organic basis, and 19% adjusted EPS growth at the midpoint. Following record adjusted EPS and strong orders in the fourth quarter, our guidance represents a strong start to our fiscal 2017. By segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to grow mid-single digits both organically and on an actual basis. This is above expected auto production growth levels of 2% in the first quarter, driven by China, as well as Europe. Commercial Transportation growth, we expect to be driven by Asia. In the Industrial segment, we expect it to grow double digits overall due to the Creganna and Intercontec acquisitions and will be flat organically, with the weakness in oil and gas market offsetting growth in our Aerospace & Defense business. We expect low single digit organic growth in the Communications segment driven by Appliances and SubCom. If you could now turn to slide 12, and I'll cover the full-year guidance. For the full year, we expect revenue in the range of $12.3 billion to $12.9 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $4.19 to $4.49. This represents 5% overall growth, 3% organic growth and 10% adjusted earnings per share growth at the midpoint versus 52 weeks fiscal 2016 results. I feel very good about our ability to drive 3% organic growth and double digit adjusted EPS growth in this challenging economic environment. This is in line with our overall business model and proves that our harsh strategy is delivering while we continue to benefit from the secular trend of content growth across our harsh businesses. We expect our Transportation segment to be up mid-single digits organically on 1% global oil production growth next year. And this reflects content growth trends as well as share gains from the programs we've won in the past. Commercial Transportation we expect to outperform its end market again this year, benefiting from content expansion in the heavy truck market. And we expect our Sensors business to grow 7% in total year-over-year. In the Industrial segment, we expect it to be up low single digits organically with continued gains in Commercial Aerospace and Defense, momentum in interventional medical applications driving the growth and also stabilization in our Oil and Gas business. In the Communications segment, we expect to be up low single digits organically with growth driven by Appliances and SubCom. As I said, momentum in SubCom remains very strong with the $1 billion that we have in backlog, benefiting from the buildout of the cloud, and we expect growth in the mid-single digits in SubCom in 2017. Now let me turn it back over to Tom for some closing comments.
Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Terrence. To reiterate, 2016 was a very good year for TE and we're expecting another very good year in 2017 with 5% overall sales growth, 3% organic growth, operating margin expansion and double digit adjusted EPS growth excluding the additional week in 2015. Our harsh strategy is definitely delivering, with 80% of our revenue driven by harsh environment applications. These products are highly engineered and developed at the application architecture level, providing a wide moat around our solution. Over the past five years, we have averaged mid-single digit growth across our harsh businesses and have multiple levers to continue to drive margin expansion. We have remained active in shaping our portfolio to focus on harsh applications. Over the past year, our acquisitions have given TE a leading position in solutions for the minimally-invasive medical market, expanded our portfolio of industrial connectors, and bolstered our offering of sensors for the auto market. At the same time, we returned over $3 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. Over time, we have maintained consistency with our capital strategy, returning nearly $12 billion to shareholders since we became a public company nearly 10 years ago. Moving forward, we expect free cash flow to approximate net income and continue to expect to return two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders and use one-third for acquisitions. While there will be cyclicality, the markets that TE serves have strong underlying secular trends driven by the megatrends of safe, green and connected. Using auto as an example, these trends are driving the need for more sensors and connectors to support increased safety features, autonomous driving systems, higher emission standards and infotainment. TE benefits directly from these trends, and this is reflected in our transportation guidance for fiscal 2017 where we expect to grow mid-single digits on 1% auto production growth. We see similar drivers in our Industrial and Communications businesses, which will enable us to grow content. TE has multiple levers to drive revenue and EPS growth. As the world leader in connectors and sensors, we have unmatched technology and global presence. With over 7,000 engineers, we are setting the pace for new product and technology development and are driving our customers' roadmaps with integrated solutions which TE is uniquely positioned to provide. And all the work we've done over the last several years has translated into each dollar of revenue today is delivering 40% more EPS than five years ago. These are very exciting times for TE, and I'm proud of what we have accomplished this year. I'm also very happy that Terrence is succeeding me, as he's been instrumental in establishing TE's global leadership position in connectivity and sensor solutions and strengthening the company's financial performance to drive value for our shareholders. We've prepared Terrence for this role over several years, and I will continue on as Executive Chairman of the Board, making sure this is a seamless transition. So, thank you. And now let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So, I guess I was going to ask you about the threat of Russia hacking a subsea cable, but you guys covered that earlier today. I guess...
Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd.: (27:33)
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: That's your first question.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I guess the first official question will be, Transportation orders were up rather strong, I think up 25%. Terrence, I think you mentioned that China was the driver for that. So, maybe you could just talk about what the trends look like excluding the China benefit. And would that suggest that maybe this 1% production estimate you have is perhaps more H1 or first half heavy for you guys?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Amit, I think a couple of things. When we look at the orders, we saw nice orders. I think when you look at Automotive, we saw nice orders in Europe. We also saw very strong orders in Asia. As I mentioned, clearly, China was a big part of it. And North America has been the trends we've been seeing. I think when you look at next year and we talk about the 1% production growth, the first quarter we do see 2% production growth, really driven, as we've seen, some acceleration in production in China. And then, I think you're going to see it be more 1% or less for the rest of the year. We do think China, when we look at the 1%, is going to be about 3% production growth for the overall year in that 1%. We do expect Europe to sort of be low single digit production growth and North America to be flat when we look at it through next year. So, I think when you look at the first half, you'll see China normalize during the first half of this year is the way we're looking at it, with a little bit stronger in the first quarter.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. And then, I guess, Industrial segment, margins at 13.4% I think were down year-over-year by 40, 50 basis points. Is your mix some part (29:05) of it? But just help us understand, I mean, revenues are obviously much stronger today than they've been before. What gets you to that 15%, 16% op margin ZIP code on that segment? And could you get there by the end of this year?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: I think when you look at the Industrial segment, as I said in my comments, right now we are being impacted about 100 basis points due to the impact of the oil and gas market. And to frame that for everybody again, our Oil and Gas business went from probably $200 million in 2015 (29:39) down to $125 million in 2016. So, we did have a pretty sharp decline, and that was high-margin business that has impacted the overall segment. So, I do feel good we've improved the margins net of that effect, if you remove that effect, and we do expect margin expansion next year in this segment. I don't think we're going to get up to 15% next year, to your question, because we still have a pretty low organic growth in that segment. And that growth is going to be driven by Aerospace & Defense, certainly in the medical space, and we're also going to need some more volume to get up towards that 15%. But we have been doing cost actions and do expect the margin to improve next year and to be a contributor for total TE margin expansion.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. That's it for me. Thank you, guys.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Amit. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next is the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Good quarter. And congrats, Heath, on the new role. As we look at autos here, I mean, if we look at 2016 for the full year, there was 2% to 2.5% production growth, you guys did about 3.4% growth organic in autos. Your guidance here inarguably  which is prudent given the weakness that we're seeing across different regions -- of 1% production growth is implying a 5% growth in transport. So, could you help sort of talk a little bit maybe in a little bit more detail around some of the share gains and increased comp and drivers that you sort of alluded to on the call which gives you confidence that you can bridge this wider gap of almost four points incremental growth from a content perspective? And I have a follow-up.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure. Thank you for the question. Actually, when you look at it, earlier in this year, as we covered, there were some supply chain corrections that we had in China early in the year, as well as North America sort of middle of the year. And now that we're in a pretty stable environment to where we're at today from a production. I think you're going to see that content growth to that separation. And it is around both content and share gain, Wamsi. It's not one or the other. And I think you've seen that both in our fourth quarter, you've seen that separation come back from our growth rate in a pretty stable production environment, and also in our first quarter guidance, where we're guiding mid-single digits on 2% production. So, I think there's proof around our business model. And our business model, as we've told you, in a low growth production environment, you can have 6% of content and then a little bit of price give-back that sort of gets to that mid-single digit around this 1% production environment. And we feel very confident with the gains we have and all the global platforms we're on, even in a 1% production environment we can drive that type of growth.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. And as my follow-up, your Transport segment margins on a year-on-year basis were lower despite significantly higher revenue. Can you help us dimension the investments you're making in Transport? Is it all in Sensors? And the magnitude and pace of investments in 2017 versus 2016 that we should expect. Thanks.
Heath A. Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Sure, Wamsi. We're definitely investing in Sensors, as we've been saying all year, with the significant design wins we're getting in the automotive side, which won't hit revenues till 2018. So, we're investing ahead of revenue for sure. We're also continuing to invest in the harsh connectivity side and in this integrated solutions area because it's a very promising space. When you dissect it a little bit more, the pure auto connector margins and industrial transportation margins have held up really well in the year. So, most of this is because of investment in Sensors. If we hadn't have done that, you'd have seen our margins about flat year-over-year.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks, Heath.
Heath A. Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: All right.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question is the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you very much. In the past, your company has been pretty firm on kind of an equation of  for Transportation of global SAR (33:54) growth plus content growth less ASP growth equals organic growth. Have those numbers remained the same? And is there a chance where that content growth could actually accelerate as we're starting to see more and more the car of the future catch on or is it just that is just such a small part of the overall bucket? And then my second follow-up question is, on the Subsea business that you're winning, which is nice to see that, is there anything different with this round of the terms and covenants such as better visibility or worse or similar profitability or worse or better? And also, I assume that simply because it's not being funded by governments or the telecom operators that the funding is probably more in place versus past cycles, so maybe a little bit more visibility. If you can touch on that, that would be great. Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. We might have to have you repeat the second question. My memory, I'm not sure I'll hold it all. But regarding content, Jim, that's only if you look back to four or five years ago, we would've said if we were guiding 1% production growth, we would probably have been guiding 3%, maybe 4% revenue growth. Today, we're guiding 1% and we're guiding 4% to 5% revenue growth. So, that's a combination of content and designing, continued designing for us. And there's no question that as the emission standards increase and you see more of a push for hybrid and electric vehicles, that's a tailwind for content. And it's been relatively slower than people have expected, but in China, for example, there's a huge push by the government there to transition to electric vehicles. So, that's a real positive trend for us and we're very, very well positioned in the electric vehicle and the hybrid electric vehicle with our content. So, yes, I think over time as the penetration of HEV vehicles increases, we're going to be seeing more content growth. We'd also, just in general, we expect content to grow about 6% over the next four to five years in the vehicle. So, it's a really good, sustainable, long-term trend that we're well positioned to take advantage of.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: And then, Jim, I'll take your SubCom question. And if I miss any of it, just hit me at the end because there was about four questions in there I think. Overall, I think when you look at the cycle we're in, one of the things that's really nice about the cycle, I don't think it changes the visibility much, but the customer base is different. It is not your traditional carriers. It is actually the cloud operators. So, it is those cloud operators that are very concerned how do they make sure they have capacity as they come out with their service offering. And that has changed the customer profile than what it was five, 10 years ago. So, they are much more active in owning the systems. Clearly from a financing perspective, it creates a different financing cycle because they do have the capital versus in the past it would be part of a telco operating budget or somebody had to go raise financing for the project. So, I think it helps accelerate the cycle a little bit. But it does come down to their offerings in the cloud. And I think what's great that you've seen in the programs we've won, we've had programs in the Atlantic, also the Pacific here and there are activities all around the cloud demand and the service offerings they have. So, when you look at the cycle, it's very good that it's a different customer base and I think we've done a good job adapting to a different customer base, and I think that's why you're seeing the strong wins, coupled with the technology we bring, have been very strong. And I think when you look at profitability, the profitability is sort of where we expect it to be at this point in the cycle. At these levels, and we'll have these levels again next year, you're going to be around company average margins, maybe a little bit less, but excellent return on capital versus the company's WACC and feel good that we have the backlog in place that secures 2017, and now we have to continue to win projects to secure 2018.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks so much for the details.
Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Jim.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Jim. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next question is the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Good morning. And thanks very much for taking the questions, and congratulations to all of you on your new roles. First question is on the Sensor outlook. I think the comment was expecting 7% growth in Sensors in fiscal 2017. Can you talk about is that organic or is that including the benefits of Jaquet? And then related to that, there was a comment about starting to see some new programs ramp in Automotive and Sensors, but then Sensors and Industrial were weak. And that actually surprised me. I thought when the Measurement Specialties deal was done, some of the earlier growth would have come in Industrial and the design-in cycles for Auto were going to take a little bit longer to ramp. So if you could just better explain where you're starting to see some of that automotive sensor content gain, that'd be helpful.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. Sure. The 7% number I quoted on the call does include Jaquet. So, when you look at it, it's split pretty much organic and inorganic, that 7%, pretty evenly between the inorganic and organic. You're exactly right when you think about Measurement. Measurement really did not have an automotive business, and that's one of the reasons we liked their portfolio so that we can build that out. So, the program wins that we have really when it comes to Auto, they won't be kicking in until 2018. So, we're not getting the benefit of the growth. Certainly as Tom talked, we're spending ahead to industrialize those programs and win those programs. And what's great about those programs -- they're among various technologies we'd gotten with Measurement as well as they're in multiple regions of the world. So it's not concentrated in one area. So we really like the breadth that we're winning as that will come in into 2018. When we look at the market conditions, because Measurement was very much focused on the industrial markets, they were getting us some of the impacts of the industrial markets that I've talked about in our Industrial segment. So, anything around general industrial, test and measurement has been slowing; that's what you see in the organic impact that we've had. We have seen some pick-up across those industrial businesses similar to what we've seen in our Industrial segment, that has given us the confidence for the 3.5%, 4% organic growth next year that's implied in our guidance. But the Auto program still will not be coming in meaningfully until 2018.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And then for a follow-up question on the outlook for the China auto market, you talked about expecting some normalization in China after the December quarter. I was hoping for a clarification. I mean, do you think when you talk to your customers that because of the end of the incentives at the end of this calendar year that they're pulling forward production and maybe some of this is shipping into inventory, or did you just mean you're going to be starting to have more difficult comps as you go into calendar 2017?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: No. I think when you look at China auto production, we expect China auto production to be up 3% year-over-year. So, slower than it's been, and some of that is because of the activity this year on the small engine incentive. That small engine incentive ends in December, and we've seen actually some acceleration in orders before that as they build. I think when you sit there, we will have production in China step down quarter one to quarter two. But then, we do expect to come back into growth to more normal levels later in the year. So, I think when you think about our Automotive business this year and ahead, you're going to see production in the first half to be a little bit more in the first quarter and then the second quarter due mainly to that China phenomenon. And we aren't assuming any new incentives right now in our guidance. We're sort of assuming that it's they end in December.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next question is the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Morning, everyone.
Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Good morning, Shawn.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Wanted to bridge just the flat organic in Industrial at the beginning of the year with a stronger growth rate exiting the year. Is it solely just product ramps in Aerospace & Defense that you highlighted and some other factors? Are you expecting underlying demand to accelerate as you migrate through fiscal 2017 within Industrial?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Shawn, when we look at it, I think what you have is  you mentioned one of the key drivers. Our Aerospace & Defense business is almost a third of the segment, and we do expect that to be mid-single-digit growth, similar to what we experienced this past quarter and we're guiding into the first quarter. We see the programs there and we also see some Defense programs kicking in that are share gain as well. So, that is a big driver. The second big driver is as medical becomes organic growth later half of the year, like I talked about in Creganna, that's  the minimally invasive market is a 7% growth market. We're growing about 10% pro forma in that. So, we feel good about those two being the big drivers in the Industrial market next year. When you get into oil and gas and general industrial, we're sort of saying it stays pretty flattish. So, I think some of the growth that you're going to see in some of these areas that have been a little bit more of a headwind, we're saying is flat to low single growth to get up to that low single digit organic growth. But they're the major drivers that we're looking at right now as we go into next year.
Heath A. Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Yeah. Another thing I would add is that first half of last year, remember, had the inventory correction in it. So, you do get a little bit of a benefit of the compare.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And if I may follow up on just the medical comment with one other, what is the run rate of the medical business right now? And my follow-up question would be that, are we expecting to get to a normalized share repurchase range of, let's say, what was it, $150 million to $250 million a quarter for fiscal 2017?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: The medical business from a run rate right now, we sit there. Next year, it will be about $500 million, both on our legacy business, as well as what we've done with both Creganna and AdvancedCath. So, they'll be north of $500 million next year, Shawn, is where we'll be running. And then I'll let Heath answer the share repurchase.
Heath A. Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Shawn, I think we just entered the year. I think a more normalized rate to assume out of the gate is probably closer to $100 million per quarter. We'll evaluate it as the year progresses and see where M&A layers into that as well. But I think an assumption of probably a full-year share repurchase of somewhere between $400 million to $500 million in total is probably a good starting point for the year. And we'll see where M&A comes in and update you as the year progresses.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks, Heath. Congrats, everybody, on the new roles.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Shawn.
Heath A. Mitts - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you, Shawn. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Next question is from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. First, just a question on the near-term environment. If I look on a 13-week basis, the bookings up sequentially in what is kind of a seasonally slow bookings period. So, any other context what you're seeing in terms of the supply chain and indications from customers that it's performing a little bit better?
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Craig, it's great question. I think what we've seen across the supply chain is actually stability. I would say lead times are staying pretty tight. People aren't taking a lot on, but there's a lot of stability and I think you saw it in how we talked about the regions. And even markets like oil and gas, it does feel like it's around this, for us, revenue of $30 million a quarter. So, overall, from a supply chain perspective, I think lead time coming into us as well as, as we're selling out, feels stable and it does feel constructive as we're going into 2017.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just as a follow-up on the comment of 40% greater earnings power on incremental revenue, and certainly you've had margin expansion, you've had share buyback contribute, as you move forward, what would you say would be the big levers to drive stronger earnings growth relative to revenue?
Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Well, I think the big one is growth, right? We're continuing to fine tune the cost structure as always. But going forward, I'd say the big one will be driving harsh environment application growth in the 5% to 7% range. And that has a lot of leverage with it which we think will drive 40 to 50 basis points of operating margin improvement with a consistent buyback program, that's how you really add up to this 10%-plus EPS growth. So, still multiple levers to go, and a fair amount of improvement yet to continue to be realized, which is exciting.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: And I think 2017 guidance we gave this morning is right along that. So, you get to see the multiple levers. With the mid-single digit top line guidance, which is organic plus a little bit of inorganic, the margin expansion, as well as share buyback, you really get to see all the levers that are  all of them working together to get to that double digit growth we guided to for 2017.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Terrence R. Curtin - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thanks, Craig.
Thomas J. Lynch - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Thank you.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Craig.
Sujal Shah - TE Connectivity Ltd.: We have no further questions. So, if you have questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you for joining us this morning, and have a great day.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director Mario Calastri - Chief Financial Officer (Interim) & Treasurer
Analysts: Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q3 2016 TE Connectivity Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter results. With me today are: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; President, Terrence Curtin; and acting Chief Financial Officer, Mario Calastri. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. Press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for opening comments.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 3, and we will cover the highlights from today's call. Q3 was another quarter of solid execution in what continues to remain a challenging global economic environment. Our adjusted EPS of $1.08 represents a new company record, and was up 20% on a year-over-year basis. Sales of $3.12 billion were essentially flat last year and in line with our guidance midpoint. Sales and orders were up sequentially, with sales up 6% and orders up 7%, excluding SubCom. Adjusted operating margins were strong at 16%, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 21% in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect the midpoint of our revenue and earnings per share to be $3.35 billion and a $1.20, respectively. Note that these figures include the benefit of approximately $200 million in revenue and $0.10 in EPS from the extra week in Q4 that we've been communicating all year. If we exclude the extra week, we would expect revenue to be up about 3% organically year-over-year and adjusted EPS growth to be 22% year-over-year. Also, if you exclude the extra week, we expect our Transportation business to have its best growth quarter in Q4 and our Industrial segment to grow slightly for the first time this year. For the full year, we are reiterating our adjusted EPS midpoint of $4.00, representing an 11% increase over the prior year. Continued growth in most of our harsh businesses, cost controls, share buyback and a lower tax rate are more than offsetting the first half currency headwinds and supply chain correction. This has enabled us to reiterate our original guidance that we provided in October 2015, delivering double digit earnings growth in a slower economy. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to return to year-over-year organic growth in Q4, excluding the extra week. During the quarter, we continued to strengthen our harsh portfolio through acquisition. In April, we announced the acquisition of Jaquet, which bolstered our portfolio of sensors for the auto market. This morning, we announced an agreement to acquire the Intercontec Group, a German-based manufacturer of high quality industrial metric circular connectors. This acquisition strengthens TE's position in harsh connectivity applications for factory automation, and will be reported in the Industrial segment. In addition, I'm pleased to say our recent acquisition of Creganna is performing very well and ahead of expectations and positions TE as a leader in the high growth minimally invasive medical market. We had a very strong cash generation quarter, with free cash flow of almost $600 million, which brings our year-to-date free cash flow to just about $1 billion. During the quarter, we returned approximately $230 million to shareholders, including about $100 million in share buybacks. Year-to-date, we have returned nearly $2.9 billion to shareholders, including $2.5 billion in share buybacks. We expect to continue to take a balanced approach with our capital strategy, returning approximately two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders over time, with one-third free cash flow being used for acquisition. I'll turn it over to Terrence Curtin, who will cover our performance in more detail.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Before we get to the segment updates, I'd like to cover our orders for the quarter, which will help provide the foundation for our results and expectations, so if you could please turn to Slide 4. And this shows our order trends, excluding our SubCom business. Overall orders were essentially flat year-over-year and improved again sequentially by 7%, as the supply chain corrections that impact us in the first half are behind us. Our book-to-bill was 1.01 and we also had slight growth year-over-year, reflecting the recovery and stability of our end markets. In Transportation, orders remain solid, with 7% sequential growth. Industrial orders grew 15% sequentially. And I do want to highlight about 60% of the industrial order growth was due to the acquisition of Creganna, with the remainder of the growth being broad based across our Industrial businesses. In Industrial, we saw order growth in each region, as the inventory supply chain is now back in line. And we expect sales growth in the second half over the first half across each of our Industrial businesses. In Communications, excluding the impact of the sale of our Circuit Protection business last quarter, we saw sequential growth of 3%, driven by both our Appliances and Data & Devices business. Now, to talk to SubCom, now, the business continues its strong momentum. We were recently named as a supplier of the new MAREA transatlantic program. And with this award, we have approximately $1 billion of programs in force in our SubCom business. Please turn to Slide 5, so I can discuss our Transportation Solutions segment results. Segment sales grew 2% organically in the quarter, with growth in Auto and in Commercial Transportation, offset by weakness in Sensors that we highlighted last quarter. Our Auto sales growth in the quarter was in line with our expectations. And growth was driven by strength in Europe and China, partially offset by a year-over-year decline in North America. For fiscal 2016, we continue to expect mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in Auto on a 2% to 2.5% global auto production growth environment. While we are maintaining our view of global auto production, the regional profile is slightly different versus our prior view. We now expect slightly higher growth in Europe and China, offset by slower growth in North America. We do remain confident that our Auto business will continue to grow ahead of auto production, driven by the electronic content growth, as well as a rich pipeline of platform ramps from the design wins generated over the past several years. In the fourth quarter, we expect our Auto business to have mid-teen organic growth, including the extra week. If you exclude the extra week, we expect our growth to be about half of that mid-teen growth in the mid-single digits. We are also very pleased with our Commercial Transportation organic growth of 3% year-over-year in what continues to be a challenging backdrop. The growth we experienced was driven by the heavy truck sector in China and Europe, while in North America, heavy truck market continues to remain weak, as well as weakness in the global construction and ag markets. Turning to Sensors, we saw a 2% organic decline, as we continue to be impacted by the weakness in industrial-related markets, which make up more than half of our sensor sales. We continue to see strong design momentum, especially in the automotive space, that we expect to fuel future growth. For the segment, adjusted operating margins were 19.4% and were in line with our expectations. And we saw sequential expansion of 40 basis points. Now, let me turn to Industrial Solutions, if you could please turn to Slide 6. Overall segment sales were up 5% year-over-year, due to the acquisition of Creganna. If you remove the impact of Creganna, organic sales declined 4%. About half the organic decline is driven by the impact of the oil and gas downturn, which has resulted in our Oil and Gas sales being down 31%. On a geographic basis, we continue to see trends across the segment that are consistent. Europe is stable and growing in many markets. North America continues to be weak, and China remains sluggish. When we started the year, we expected further market improvement in China and North America than what we're actually seeing currently. Now, turning to the markets within the segment, in the Industrial Equipment area, we saw 14% growth driven by the Creganna acquisition, which, as Tom mentioned, is performing ahead of our expectations. We are very excited about the growth potential in the minimally invasive medical market. If you exclude Creganna, the Industrial Equipment area, we did see a decline of 7% organically, due to softness in North America and in China, but we did see a sequential growth of 4% on an organic basis as we see markets coming back in line. In the Aerospace & Defense area, our sales grew 4% organically, with strong performance both in the Commercial air and in the Defense markets. And in Energy, our business was flat organically, with growth in the Americas and Europe offset by declines in Asia. As we look forward, we expect first half to second half growth of approximately 12%, with growth in each of the business units, now that the inventory corrections are behind us. From a margin perspective, adjusted operating margins were slightly down year-over-year, driven entirely by the declines in our higher margin Oil and Gas business, which impacted segment operating margin by approximately 100 basis points year-over-year. Segment operating margins expanded 180 basis points sequentially, as we expected, driven by both the benefit of increased volumes and cost management. Now, let me turn over to Communications Solutions, and if you could please turn to page seven of the slides. During the quarter, the Communications Solutions segment revenue was down 4% organically year-over-year, but grew 8% sequentially on an organic basis if you exclude of the impact of the Circuit Protection divestiture. Our SubCom business saw 10% year-over-year growth, driven by strong execution from the multiple projects it has in force. And as I stated earlier, the value of the programs in force with the new program we just won is approximately $1 billion. And we continue to expect SubCom to grow approximately 20% year-over-year in 2016. Our Appliance business sales grew 2% organically, while our Data & Devices business declined 7% (sic) [17%] (13:00) organically, due to both the Circuit Protection sale as well as product exits. We did experience sequential sales growth in the Data & Devices area if you exclude the Circuit Protection divestiture. For the segment, adjusted operating margins expanded 80 basis points year-over-year, as well as 270 basis points sequentially. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mario to cover the financials.
Mario Calastri - Chief Financial Officer (Interim) & Treasurer: Thanks, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on earnings. Adjusted operating income of $501 million was essentially flat to prior year on flat sales, with adjusted operating margin of 16.1%. GAAP operating income was $452 million and included $18 million of acquisition-related charges and net restructuring and other charges of $31 million. Adjusted EPS was $1.08 for the quarter, up 20% from the prior year, with benefits from share buybacks and a lower tax rate of 17%. The tax rate was lower than we expected, resulting in an incremental benefit of $0.04 in the quarter. We expect the fourth quarter tax rate to be at a similar level as Q3. Note that the Q3 and Q4 tax rates are lower than our run rate. We now expect the full-year 2016 tax rate to be approximately 20%. GAAP EPS was $2.19 for the quarter, driven by a $1.21 benefit, primarily from the settlement of all pre-separation tax disputes with Internal Revenue Service. As we previously disclosed, Tyco International entered into an agreement with the IRS to resolve all disputes related to the previously-disclosed intercompany tax issues. As a result, we recognized a reduction of tax reserves of $1.1 billion, as well as an expense of $604 million, representing a reduction in receivables from our tax sharing agreement with Tyco International and Covidien. We're happy to report that all of our IRS legacy tax disputes are now closed. As a result of the IRS settlement, want to give you some color on our tax rate and other income going forward. The IRS settlement benefits our tax rate. However, this benefit is essentially offset by the reduction of other income generated by the tax sharing agreement with Tyco and Covidien. We now assume that the long-term adjusted tax rate declines to approximately 20%, just as our previously-communicated range of 23% to 24%. At the same time going forward, should assume that the IRS settlement will be essentially neutral to EPS. Now, expect approximately $110 million of restructuring charges for the full year, $10 million increase from the prior guidance as we accelerate certain actions due to slightly weaker overall economic conditions. Now, turning to Slide 9, our business is executing well in an uncertain micro environment. We are pleased to report sequential improvements in a lot of the operating metrics from the prior quarter. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33%, in line with our expectations. Adjusted operating margins expanded 20 basis points year-over-year, with a strong focus on spending control and (17:10) improvement of certain declines in higher-margin businesses. Total operating expenses were $528 million in the quarter, down 4% from the prior year. We continue to tightly manage discretionary spending, while balancing our continuing investment in our harsh businesses. Moving to cash flow, in the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $715 million. And our free cash flow was $589 million, up from prior year levels, due to strong working capital improvement. We saw year-over-year improvement in DSOs and inventory days on hand came down as well. We have generated nearly $1 billion in free cash flow for the year to-date, reinforcing the health of our business. And we continue to expect full year free cash flow to approximate net income. Adjusted EBITDA margins help explain the (18:12) performance of our businesses, including acquisitions. And adjusted EBITDA margins in Q3 were 20.7%, 460 basis points above adjusted operating margins and flat to prior year. Continue to be pleased with operating performance of our business, especially given the challenging market backdrops. As Tom mentioned earlier, we announced an agreement to acquire Intercontec, expanding our harsh connectivity portfolio in the Industrial segment. We are expecting Intercontec to add approximately $75 million of sales and $32 million of EBITDA on an annual basis. The transaction is a cash deal of $340 million that is expected to close in September 2016 and be accretive to adjusted EPS next year. We have added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the Appendix for additional details. And now, I will turn it back to Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mario. I'll now cover our guidance, so please turn to Slide 10 for the Q4 outlook. We expect Q4 revenue of $3.25 billion to $3.45 billion and adjusted EPS of $1.17 to $1.23. This guidance includes the extra week we have discussed throughout the year, which adds approximately $200 million of revenue and $0.10 of EPS. Excluding this extra week, we expect revenue to be up about 3% organically at the midpoint and adjusted EPS to be up 22%, a very good finish to our year. Slide 10 provides details on actual and organic growth by segment. The extra week results in total growth of 11% in the quarter. We expect strong performance in our harsh businesses, including Automotive, Commercial Transportation, Commercial Aerospace, Medical and Appliances. In addition, the Creganna acquisition adds revenue from the high growth interventional medical market, and SubCom continues to remain robust with multiple programs in force. Communications continues to be impacted year-on-year by the sale of the Circuit Protection business and product exits in Data & Devices. Now, please turn to Slide 11. For the full year, we expect revenue of $12.25 billion and are reiterating our full year adjusted EPS guidance of $4.00 at the midpoint, up 11% year-on-year. This adjusted EPS outlook is the same guidance we provided back in October. I feel very good about our ability to drive this performance in a slow economy. In Transportation, we continue to expect Auto to grow in the mid-single digits organically on a 2% to 2.5% vehicle production growth. In Industrial, while organic growth is expected to be down year-over-year for the full year due to the impact of the oil and gas downturn and supply chain corrections in the first half, we do expect strong growth from the first half to the second half across all of our business units in the Industrial segment. In Communications, our SubCom business continues to be the primary driver of growth, but we do expect both our Appliances and Data & Devices businesses to grow in the second half. This is especially important for our Data & Devices segment. This past quarter was an important threshold for TE and reflects the strength of our model, namely: focus our investments in harsh environment applications; relentlessly drive TEOA through the organization to delivers strong productivity and, as you can see, strong working capital and cash flow results; and consistently execute our capital allocation plan. On a normalized 13-week per quarter basis in a low growth world, we are delivering second half revenue growth, 16% adjusted operating margins, strong double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth and outstanding cash flow. And with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: And today, our first question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: The industrial market, nice to see a little recovery there, but just kind of big picture, how you manage the near-term profitability, which is weak in the current backdrop versus longer term growth expectations, I know you guys have been investing for Industrial, but just help us with kind of the longer-term path and what you see is the appropriate margins for that business longer term?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll take this. It's Tom. I'll ask Terrence to add on when I'm done here. Industrial is an important, obviously, incredibly important segment for us. We're well positioned and, as you can see with the Intercontec acquisition, it's an important area to add in organically as well. It has been a pretty sluggish environment, with the exception of commercial aerospace for the last several years. But it's fundamentally very good business. We still believe this is a business with high teen operating margins, if you get kind of normalized growth over time. And you saw the leverage with a little bit of growth sequentially on our operating margin. So, it fits right into the sweet spot of harsh environment, highly engineered products. We have a tremendous range of products. We've expanded that product range, not only in connectors with the recent acquisition, but with our sensor acquisition of a couple years ago. All while those markets are a little soft right now, we continue to be very bullish. So, important market, well-positioned in the market, in every market, so wherever the industrial leaders of the world are, we're there close to them. Terrence, you want to add to that?
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Craig, is we're pretty proud of where we've gotten the margin. And, no, it's not where we want it to be in long-term, but when you think about the oil and gas effect we've had, it's slightly more than 100 basis that we, in a market that is flattish at best, being able to get back and cover that headwind we have. So, clearly that is something that when you look at the margin, has impacted us and that has come down. I think also we still have an industrial equipment space that I talked about in the fall, that still, I would say, was probably the other sluggish area that's trying to get momentum. I do think as the volume comes in, you saw the great improvement we have of about 100 basis points sequentially, you see the volume flow through. So, I do think we're doing a good job balancing it. We saw good growth in relationship to Comm air and Defense. 4%, I think we're performing very well there. So, overall, I think we continue to have the same margin expectation we've had, which is higher teen, but clearly, I think we battled through the oil and gas downturn pretty well from a margin perspective.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, if I could, on my follow-up for the medical space, you guys have talked about kind of a system solutions approach, if you will. Can you just talk about the go-to-market there, how it might be different versus the traditional sales approach you have, and then also as it relates to that, what you're able to wring out in terms of value in medical?
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: I think there's a couple of things to that. When you talk about the go-to-market in medical, it is probably more akin to what we do in automotive. It's a much more direct sale, Craig. So, when you sit there, what's great with Creganna, Creganna not only helped balance out some holes we had geographically, but also with the 200 engineers, they came in to help service that model as well as the footprint that keeps them (26:31) behind. So, I think when you think through that space, it is much more direct. Now, when you're deal with more integration, it really is how do we bring the portfolio we had and what they did so well together? And we're early stages on that. But I think that's where you'll get some of the value creation on the grow side is how we'll be able to do further integration and get to a higher content per unit opportunity than either company's had, together. So, I think it's much more around bringing the product set together. The go-to-market is how do you make sure you cover the large players in that space. And with what we've had and with Creganna, we cover all the major players and have a nice position with them to get to that leading position.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'd add, Craig, that the customer feedback of us being the acquirer has been very positive. Customers knew us peripherally from other things we do, but important to them that somebody with our strength and commitment to the market is there. So, that's been pretty unanimous as we've been out to all the big customers.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks for all the color.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Thanks, Craig.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Craig. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Good morning. And thanks very much for taking the questions. First question is on the Transportation segment. Can you talk about what the reason is that you think you're seeing an improvement in the year-over-year growth rates, excluding the extra week in the Transportation segment, in the fiscal fourth quarter, and if you can offer any views you have about the sustainability of the auto cycle as you move going forward after the September quarter?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks, Mark. A couple of points, I would say, the fundamental point is the design wins over many years coming into play, so that's been great for us for a long time and continue to expect that to be, so just momentum in design-in share. I think, also last year's fourth quarter wasn't a strong quarter, particularly in China. It was in Europe and in the U.S., but China was in the midst of kind of a three quarter decline. We've seen that recovery in our third quarter this year and expect to see year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. But the bottom line is it's a pretty solid market. We're well-positioned in it. Terrence, you want to add anything to that?
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Yeah. No, the only other thing is, I think, when you look at the fourth quarter, fourth quarter, we had some blips earlier in the year around how production was, like Tom said, in China. I think when you look at production, production's been pretty stable and we're at that 2%, 2.5% production rate. And I think that's really just proving our model that we can grow that mid-single digit in a 2% to 2.5% production rate. And while we're not guiding for next year yet, I do think thinking about next year and about a 2% production environment is how we're thinking about it right now, and we'll update you in the fall when we give 2017 guidance.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very helpful. And for follow-up question on gross margins, they're down year-over-year in each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2016. I know you talked about the mix issues that have been impacting margin. Is there anything else going on with gross margins being down or is it entirely mix?
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: You're talking, Mark, about Transportation, right?
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: For the whole company?
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Oh, the whole thing. It's a little bit of the volume in the first half and the mix. But now you can see you get back to this 13-week quarter, $3.1 billion run rate, the margins are back 33%, gross margins. The operating margins are back to 16%. So, no. I mean, our productivity has been good this year. The health of the portfolio, I mean, you look at the dramatic improvement in the gross margin over the last several years and the operating margins because of the transformation of the portfolio. So, no, I'd say we're getting back to sort of where we expect to be. And, of course, we expect to continue to improve as long as markets have some growth in them.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right. Thank you, Mark. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. So, Tom, organic growth in Transport, you've noted some strength in China, also EMEA. Can you comment a little bit on the state of the North American market? I think you alluded to it being a little bit softer. How do you see that progressing? And are you accounting for any softness in your outlook in European autos, particularly post-Brexit? And I have a follow up.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Wamsi. Yeah. Just to kind of reiterate the regional view of Transportation: China improving in Q3, and expect to see that continue in Q4; Europe, sort of been on a steady track for a couple years now, steady, reasonable growth; and the U.S. falling a bit, but at a high level, I mean, so you get near this 18 million per unit level, I do think it slowed down a little bit as you see what the OEMs are saying. So, we have factored that in to our outlook for sure in Q4. We haven't really factored in any Brexit. Of course, we are so close to the auto OEMs and talk with them all the time and right now, I mean, even if you look at our first three weeks, order rates in Transportation in July, they're very, very robust. So, not crazy hot, but up over last year, as we expected, nicely and continuing to where they've been in the, as Terrence laid out in his comments earlier, a strong third quarter. And just to reiterate, I think the industry and what we see, listening to our customers, and it's still early, and we'll get more specific next quarter, but kind of feels like a 2% production rate if we had to put the gauntlet down right now for next year globally.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks for the incremental color. And then, thanks for calling out the impact of that actually so clearly in fiscal 4Q. I was wondering how should we think about seasonality going into the first quarter of next year. If you ex-out the $200 million, consensus is roughly down 3%. It was down 5% last year. But you obviously have made a lot of portfolio changes here and some other M&A here as well. So how should we really be thinking about the seasonality going into first quarter of next year? Thanks.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Okay, Wamsi, I'll take that. It's Terrence. I think when you think about the seasonality, last year, we had some inventory corrections that started fourth quarter of the fiscal year, well into the first quarter. I think when we look at those corrections being behind us, I think you can expect taking our quarter four, backing out the extra week and then assuming anywhere from a 3% to 5% normal seasonal step-down. So, I do think you get into on a top-line perspective much more of normal seasonal quarter four to quarter one. As you're thinking about it, but you highlighted it well, you do have to pull the extra week out of our fourth quarter.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Makes sense.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. All right, thanks, Wamsi. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I have two questions as well. So, just looking at the guide for September maybe within Transportation, you guys are looking for, I think, 7%, 8% growth, excluding the extra week in the Transportation segment in September. Your orders, though, I think, are up 2% based on the June quarter number. So, can you just maybe help me understand the delta between orders up 2% and the guide that you have? What else could drive the upside there?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We, you have the ongoing backlog, Amit. And as I said a minute ago, the orders continue into July to be really, really solid. And you have to think of there was inventory correction last year that especially affected China. So, you have some of that normalizing, so you don't have the normal just linear quarter-to-quarter, my Q3 orders equals my Q4 sales. But when you look at our backlog right now and the way it's scheduled out and the rate of orders, it's a solid Q4. Terrence, you want to add to that?
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: No. I think what you see is you will see a little bit of a seasonal step-down like we normally get around Europe, so I actually think we're getting back to a more normal pattern, Amit, and feel very good with the backlog, as you said, Tom, that the backlog's there to deliver on that 7%, 8% growth (35:20).
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And I guess if I could just follow-up, Terrence, on the Industrial side, you had some nice margin improvement in the quarter, but you have always talked about Industrial getting in line to corporate average margins, 16%, 17%, let's just say. How do you think the path is there for the next 300 basis points of margin expansion? Is there an absolute revenue number that you need to achieve? And are there incremental cost take out that you would call out that should help you out as well?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think number one, Amit, we have been doing cost take-out as we've been in a slow environment to really get to where we've been, to keep it flat even with the higher margin oil and gas impact we've had. I do think what's nice about the Industrial business, and you saw it sequentially, is how strong the follow-through can be in that business across the segment. So, when you sit there it is much around volume as we continue to march up because a lot of the cost actions have already been effectuated, so it will be much more volume dependent as we go from there.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: I think with that, Amit, is when you disaggregate a bit: you've got Commercial air and Defense above; you've got Energy a little bit below; Medical moving up with the acquisitions because that's accretive to the margin; and then, you have the Industrial Equipment business that's really been the factory floor has been a flat market for a couple years, but it's fundamentally a really tight business and the business we just added in, which is a nice add to the product line and into the revenue as well, is accretive to the margin. So, we feel pretty confident that with reasonable industrial production, we'll follow that, and also embedded in there is significant piece of the business that goes through the channel, which is attractive business.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay, thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research Company. Please go ahead.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: What I wanted to drill in on, I guess, was the restructuring, looking I guess now for $110 million this year. What would be the savings that you'll see in fiscal 2016? And how much of that spills into 2017? And I guess any comment there in terms of how you would think about incremental restructuring actions in 2017. Are you finished or there are other things that need to be tidied up?
Mario Calastri - Chief Financial Officer (Interim) & Treasurer: Yes, Shawn. Hi, this is Mario. We have increased slightly the restructuring for this year up to $110 million. The way you should read it is normally the payback is around 18 months, two years. So, you should think about the benefits in 2017 to see on that basis. And as far as pipeline of restructuring activity into 2017, we're going to be much more clear in next quarter with the guidance, but you should expect some level of obligation for (38:26) 2017 as well.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thank you. As a follow-up maybe for you, Tom or Terrence, M&A activity, I don't know if it's just timing, but it's stepped up now, three acquisitions over the past two quarters. Is the environment for M&A freeing up? I know valuations aren't cheap or is there just, given the shift in the portfolio to harsh environment just more resources being put toward M&A, so we should expect maybe a more consistent cadence of M&A over the next few years?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Shawn, thanks. Good question. I think this, three in this short period of time, is more coincidence than anything else honestly, because just to give you a little of the history. Intercontec, we've been, like we often do and is often the case with a really nice privately held company, it takes a while to work through it. And in this case, we actually did some market experiments, I would say, over a couple years to prove to both of us, both parties, that there was synergy and it was great. So, that's been in the works for awhile. Jaquet, the sensor is a fragmented market. And there's always small sensor companies, most of which we're not interested in. That was a much shorter train. (39:46) And I would say Creganna was shorter than normal, but part of the plan once we had done advanced cast (39:53), so they happened to come in to these three months. Would have had our druthers, Intercontec would have been a couple of years ago. But sometimes, that's how they work out. So, I don't think the universe of properties or the availability has changed that much. Terrence, if you want to add some color to that...?
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: No, Tom, I think you said it right. I think it is some of these things, when something gets auctioned like a Creganna, we don't control that top box (40:20). And then Intercontec, it was a journey with the owner about also when's he comfortable selling and making sure he sees how his company's going to do well. (40:32) I think that takes time. So, I do think it's a little bit of three things at once. So, it's just that, Shawn. I think when you look at the environment, I think the environment  you said it very well. I think things are still  you have to pay for good assets. And I think we have three good assets here. And that's along our harsh strategy. I think the harsh strategy, we've talked about interventional a lot over the past six months, but I think when you also look here, Jaquet and the sensors, how it strengthens us in automotive, especially in turbo sensor applications. And I think when you look at Intercontec, what's great about Intercontec, is it gets us closer to the factory floor. They're a leader in that space that really relates to the how do you hook up servo motors on the factory floor, which is a very harsh application, and you make sure your power and your signal into the application is controlled now (41:25) to make sure you never have downtime. And the company has an exceptional product line and technology that we're bringing in that was a gap for TE. So, I think each one of these show how our thought about the portfolio continues to evolve around harshness as well as how do we serve our customers better with a more complete portfolio. So, I think that's what really the three of these being together at the same time. You get to see how we're thinking. So, hopefully, that helps.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: It does. Thanks, Terrence.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right. Thank you, Shawn. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And our next comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of specific questions on some of the results, first of all, the Appliance business, it sounded like it's experienced some decent growth. Can you just talk about what's driving some of that growth in a little bit more specific? And then secondly, you talked about organic growth ex-Creganna. I was just curious what kind of growth you've seen from Creganna out of the box with that business. And then I had a quick follow-up.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Sure, Steve. It's Terrence. Thanks for the questions. First off, on Appliance, what we've seen in Appliance, Appliance has been  they got impacted a little bit around the inventory correction with our channel partners, because they do have part of their business goes through there but if you really look at what we've been experiencing, we've been experiencing a very robust U.S. and Europe production environment. So, I think we're seeing nice growth there that's been the backdrop. What we have had in Appliance is that the China OEMs have slowed in China. So, the appliance production in China has come off a little bit. So, while we were growing 2%, it's really been driven by the U.S. and Europe. We see it again here in the quarter we just guided to, and going into next year, we probably expect a similar picture. On Creganna, certainly, we didn't own it a year ago, but in this first quarter, if we did own it, it would have grown about 11%. So, when we look at that interventional market, as we've talked to you, we see a market that we like it very much because of the trend that supports about mid to higher single digit market environment in that interventional space, that $3 billion market, that Creganna helps us get a leadership position in, but really a good first quarter that, on a pro forma, we owned them a year ago, would have been up about 11%.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. It's helpful. And then, just real quick on the SubCom business, given the growth you're seeing, where are we versus prior cycle margins? And can you talk to how margins have improved recently and how they may improve in the next couple quarters? Thanks.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: The margins are similar and we're seeing margins gradually move up. So, it's following the same general pattern. None of the patterns are exactly the same, but, yes, we are seeing margins now are higher than they were on a one year run rate than they were a year ago. So, we are seeing that happen.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks very much.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Thank you.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you and congratulations to you and your team.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Could you briefly  you mentioned about, I believe it was automotive from Brexit did not have a impact. Can you just make sure? Did I get that right? And then, what about your other segments? Did you see any impact post the quarter close from Brexit? And then, my follow-up just to kind of throw it in at the same time is on the tax rate. It ended up this year, I think, lower than everyone expected, so it helped out your earnings as you're reiterating guidance. So, was it the industrial market that kind of the profitability came in softer or what was the cause that even though earnings reiterated guidance and you have more M&A, the tax rate really helped out this year? And longer term, are we looking at a lower tax rate? How should we plan tax rate longer term? Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, let me start with your Brexit question, Jim. Thanks for the comments, by the way. Yeah, it's hard to feel any impact right now. I mean, as I said, you can look at our orders right up to last week, they're running what we based this guidance on and slightly ahead of the run rate last quarter and nicely ahead of the run rate last year. And Europe continues to be really solid kind of across most of our businesses. So we haven't really seen any impact yet. So, like I guess like everybody else in the planet, we're waiting to see if there's really going to be an impact or not. On the tax rate, Mario, you want to?
Mario Calastri - Chief Financial Officer (Interim) & Treasurer: Yeah. Just begin with (46:20) a comment around our long-term tax rate view is now around 20%, down from where we communicated previously, which we were around 23% to 24%. Currently, the settlement, the IRS settlement, is the biggest moving piece here. As you think about that, you need to combine it with the SG, (46:46) the other income going away. So that is why we characterize it as a kind of an EPS neutral movement. Now, for 2016 in the second half, we are experiencing a lower than run rate tax rate. So, in Q3, we had the 17% tax rate. We expect Q4 to be similar
James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks for the details and especially for pointing out the other income line fluctuates with the tax rate. I think some people often (47:23) struggle with that. Thank you. And, again, congratulations to you and your team at TE Connectivity.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Thanks, Jim.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jim. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of William Stein with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Gentlemen, I think, Terrence, you mentioned sort of a preview on auto production for next year. And, Tom, you might have reiterated that view. I'm curious whether the China stimulus that's been in place since last September, and it's so therefore about to annualize, how that factors in to your view of global production, if at all, and why shouldn't that drag global unit growth more?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Will. Yeah. Well, I think what we certainly saw as the stimulus helped reverse the decline that was happening early in the year. So, we returned to growth in  nice solid growth in Q3 and we'll see that again in Q4 in Auto. And all the numbers from the industry are, of course, very preliminary for next year, but they're assuming a reasonable China market next year, not a booming market, not a bearish market. That's kind of how we see it and what our leadership over there sees. So, I don't think  we don't expect an unusually positive catalyst from it because it's really already into the base is the way I would think about it.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Tom, to clarify, what I'm asking is the stimulus for consumers for taxes in automotive, that's been in place since last September. So as that annualizes, is there not an expectation that China is going to be a more difficult market next year?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. Okay. Well, it's hard to say. But, again, if you think of this year being 2% to 2.5%, next year being in the 2% range, other markets were kind of weak. Some of the Asian markets were inconsistent. It really depends. Is China is going to come off? I mean, if you look at macro China, where the weakness has been is in industrial China, not consumer China. The consumer markets in China and the consumer in China continues to be pretty healthy. And the growth in the China economy is in the consumer market, which is a good thing in general because that's what fuels economic growth and then eventually feeds the industrial part of the economy. So, I think we don't have a crystal ball, for sure, Will. But right now, what we're seeing is  we would expect reasonable growth in China, definitely down from what it's run over  take our fiscal 2016 out of it because growth in fiscal 2016 is pretty modest. I think we kind of see another modest growth in fiscal 2017. It's below the historical growth rates. And that's how you get to this 1.5%, 2% production growth in 2017. But I think this will play out. But generally, we're not hearing or seeing anything from our customers and from our patterns that would say differently right now. It was better in the third quarter than we thought; probably a little better in the third quarter and a little less in fourth quarter. We saw the curve being a little bit different in the second half, but, overall, it's about where we expect.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Just to add one thing, when we look to the 2% next year, we'll guide more next quarter. It does assume a slower China production environment versus this year's China production environment. So, we do anticipate it'll be a little slower environment in China from a production perspective due to the 1.6-liter engine that you talked about.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: But we still expect the China production environment to grow next year based upon what we're seeing today.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That perspective is very helpful. I appreciate it. If I can squeeze one more in, your military and aerospace end markets seem to have done well in the quarter. I'm wondering if the DoD budget and the end of sequestration, is that helping or is this more sort of unrelated to that? And then in aerospace, I think we've had some negative data points from Boeing and Airbus on the wide-body jets. And I'm wondering if whether your results and outlook are doing well despite that because of growth elsewhere or are you just not seeing that weakness yet? Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Will, thanks for the question. A couple of things, on Commercial Aerospace, feel very good with the program wins and even if you have some of the wide-body adjustment, we do view that our Commercial Aerospace business would grow that mid-single digit with the platforms we have won; not only with the big carriers, also the regional carriers like Embraer and Bombardier (52:46), and so forth. And so, I actually feel very good even with those data points you mentioned about. I think in Defense, it's been nice that as we've seen some of the budgetary things happen, we're starting to see some pick-up in Defense. I think you saw that in our quarterly results where we grew 4%. And I think that's creating a little bit more of a constructive backdrop in Defense than we've had in quite some time when the whole sequester started. So, it's actually nice to see it burning (53:14) into revenue on the Defense side. And I think the momentum we have there is strong as well. So, those are areas that I view you're going to continue to see growth out of (53:20).
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Thank you.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Thanks and good morning. Just a couple from me here, regarding the Sensor business and the fact that it hasn't been growing here, and I understand the industrial weakness that you've seen. It sounds like you're talking about some increase in bookings. So could you update us on when you expect that to grow? And on the automotive side, the cross-selling, I know it takes two to three years in terms of these design cycles, but when do you expect, Tom, to see the payoff on the automotive side of things?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think, Matt, automotive, as you know, the cycle is a little bit longer, not as long as it used to be because everybody's designing faster these days, but I would say 2018. That's when these nice wins are going to really start to come in. And you'll see it in the Auto revenue line. In the Industrial line, I think it will follow kind of industrial production. The design win nature there is very different. It's like the industrial market in general, much more fragmented, smaller revenue per design. So, in there, it'll continue to build scale in the non-auto products and make sure that they we're growing with or slightly better than the market. But auto is where you can get significant chunks of business per design. So, we really feel good about that. Now, we're a little disappointed in the industrial market side of it. But still very, very excited about the prospects of having sensors in the portfolio and what it does for us at every customer, every big OEM, we've always had a nice seat at the table, but it's like you get a bigger seat and sometimes a bigger table because it brings in the integrated solution opportunity. You've heard us talk about that. We've had some tremendous design wins in Automotive with that. And it's starting to lend itself, I think, to the aerospace market. Terrence has talked before about the medical market when you pull together our interventional capability along with our core connector healing and protect, (55:45) and, wow, miniaturized sensors. So, it's a pretty robust portfolio that we have that should bolster our growth rates in Industrial.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And just on the follow-up, could you update us on the CFO search?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well into it, as you would expect, and I expect in the not too distant future, we'll be making a choice. Always not over till it's over, but pleased with how things are running in the interim, very pleased, so haven't really skipped a beat.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right. Thank you, Matt. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Group. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Your acquisition strategy clearly has been focused on the harsh environment side, in Industrial and Auto. Curious if can you comment about if there's anything in the consumer area that you're looking in your pipeline or if there's further opportunities to divest pieces of that and just an update on your strategy with product exits, has that been working in terms of the margin improvement?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks. Well, you're absolutely right that the acquisition strategy is focused on harsh environments. And there's a lot of opportunity there. It's our wheelhouse, and it's where we can bring the most value to customers. So, that's where we're exclusively focused on our M&A at this point in time. I would say that shifting over to the Data & Devices business to add on to what Terrence said, feeling good about the progress and the fact that we're going to see sequential growth in the fourth quarter for the first time in a long time. Restructuring getting behind us, the margins moving up, we definitely see this business is getting on the improvement path, so encouraged about that. We have to earn that one quarter at a time, so we're not getting carried away here, but the team's done a lot of hard work to reposition the business around our core connector capability, which is still very good, and very good products with attractive margins. And as far as your point on the product exits, it'll probably blend in a little bit early next year. (58:15) Terrence, you want to comment on that?
Terrence R. Curtin - President & Director: Yeah. I think on the exits, Mario talked about it earlier to a question. Certainly, they've been a drag for the past two years. We see those probably through mid-2017 still being a little drag. But when you look at it, it's really allowed the business to get focused, as Tom said, around the interconnect and connectivity strength that we have, as well as we're much more selective in the consumer space. So, a lot of those exits have related to the consumer space, and making sure we're still consuming (58:45) our resources where we create value for our customers, as well as our shareholders.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And as a follow-up, has there been any slippage or impact from the recent move up in commodity prices like copper and gold? Thank you.
Mario Calastri - Chief Financial Officer (Interim) & Treasurer: This is Mario. Not really, I mean, we have a hedging program that basically dilutes the volatility around the battles (59:12). Consistently, we are about 50% hedged. And we have higher hedges on the near term, so you're not going to see much of an impact on copper. (59:22)
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Mike. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Tom, I wanted to ask, you guys have been switching some of the business around with acquisitions and divestitures over the past couple of years. How do you feel about the portfolio right now? Do you think you have the right mix of business? Is there any opportunity to do additional divestitures at this point?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sherri, thanks. No, I feel really, really good about the portfolio. As you know, it had quite a bit in it at one point in time and now we're up to the, say, 90% is connectivity and sensors. We often get asked about SubCom. It's an unusual business, for sure. There really isn't that much of a market. There's no market really that we've seen in 10 years to sell it, but it's an exceptionally well-run business that's a clear world leader in what it does. And it's especially interesting these days, because the customer base is different. And with cloud computing and mega data centers and fiber security and all those things driving what we think fit the needs for more trans-continental connectivity, SubCom can hold its own in our portfolio. But when you get past that, everything else is related. So, more of what you'd see is tweaking the product lines, which you always have in a business as you try, hey, (1:00:56) here's a product line that maybe is commoditized, that we don't have any unique value. Let's price ourselves out of it or maybe sell it. But for the most part, the most recent one being Circuit Protection, was kind of the big chunks that are available. Never say never, but really like the portfolio, I think you can see it in the margins. The harsh businesses, if you look at those business, above company average margins, nicely, very dependable, highly engineered, really play to our strength as an engineering and manufacturing company. And, as Terrence pointed out, with the acquisitions we just made, we just added $0.5 billion of harsh revenue into the portfolio over the last 90 days and at EBITDA margins well above the company average. And this is what we know best and do best, so it's what we're going to continue to emphasize.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, just in terms of an update on the buybacks, I think you're mostly done with the buybacks related to the BNS divestiture. Can you give us an update on your thoughts on buybacks? I think you have about $1.2 billion left at this point? Thanks.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Mario, you want to comment on that?
Mario Calastri - Chief Financial Officer (Interim) & Treasurer: Sure. Long-term, it's consistent with what we have communicated always. We expect to basically return two-thirds of our free cash flow through buybacks and dividends. So, you can do the math clearly, but the long-term expectation there should be some volatility around the quarters. As far as Q4 specifically, you should expect it to be similar to Q3.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Sherri.
Mario Calastri - Chief Financial Officer (Interim) & Treasurer: Thank you, Sherri.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Sherri. Looks like there's no further questions.
Sujal Shah - Vice President-Investor Relations: So, please contact Investor Relations at TE if you have additional questions. And thank you for joining us this morning and have a great day.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks everybody, and have a good summer.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for a replay after 10:30 AM today through July 27. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 396124. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. And those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, again entering the access code 396124. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-04-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - Investor Relations Tom Lynch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Terrence Curtin - President Mario Calastri - Acting Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Amit Daryana - RBC Capital Markets Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research William Stein - SunTrust Steven Fox - Cross Research Jim Suva - Citi Mike Wood - Macquarie
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q2 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivitys second quarter results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; President, Terrence Curtin; and acting Chief Financial Officer, Mario Calastri. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. Press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of todays call, Id like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks for joining us today and please turn to slide three and we will review the highlights on todays call. Q2 was another quarter of good execution and what continues to remain a sluggish global economic environment, adjusted earnings per share of $.90 with $0.2 better than the midpoint of our guidance on sales of $2.95 billion which was slightly below of the midpoint of the guidance. Strong operating performance across the company more than offset continued market softness across our industrial businesses. Our adjusted earnings per share was down $0.01 versus the prior year, but foreign exchange headwinds of approximately $0.02. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS was up 1% year-over-year. Adjusted operating margins were 14.9% in line with our expectations, but the adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 20% in the quarter. For the full-year, we are reiterating the midpoint of our guidance of $12.3 billion in revenue and $4 and adjusted Earnings per Share, representing an increase of 11% over prior year EPS. We expect to return to revenue growth in the second half and to generate double digit EPS growth. Our outlook for organic growth 3% down slightly compared to our guidance of 90 days ago. Our auto business remain solid the industrial inventory correction is largely behind us and SubCom continues to build momentum. Our recent acquisition of Creganna is known our guidance as well. These positive factors are offsetting the lower-than-expected growth in most industrial markets and slow growth in our non-transportation business in China. Our EPS growth is benefiting from cross controls, the benefits of our share buyback and bit of a lower tax rate. We have developed multiple levels [ph] to drive earnings growth in a slow economy. During the quarter, we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders including $1.1 billion in share buybacks. We expect to continue to take a balanced approach with our capital strategy, returning approximately two/third of our free cash flow to shareholders over time with one/third of free cash being used for acquisitions. We generated $165 million of free cash flow in the quarter and $400 million in the first half of the year. We expect our normal strong second half cash generation to continue. We also continue to strengthen the company's harsh environment portfolio. In March, we completed the sale of our circuit protection businesses. Earlier this month, we completed the acquisition of Creganna, doubling the size of our medical business to about $500 million in revenue and establishing TE as a leading provider of solutions to the high-growth minimally invasive medical market. This morning, we also announced a small sensor acquisition, which will strengthen our portfolio of sensor technologies serving the transportation market. In our SubCom business, we continue to gain momentum with the recently announced award our project called Hawaiki, which is the new trans-Pacific cable system linking Australia and New Zealand to the mainland United States. This award will generate over $200 million in revenue over the life of the project and this business has a backlog of awarded projects of $1 billion. Ill now turn it over to Terrence Curtin, wholl cover our performance in more detail.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Before we get to the segment updates, I want to provide brief insights into our order patterns, which will help provide baseline for our results as well as the expectations. If you could turn to slide four please, and it shows order trends excluding our SubCom business. Overall, orders improved again sequentially and are above the low levels on approximately $2.6 billion that we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2015. And if you remember in the fourth quarter of last year, when we began to experience the supply chain impact related to the slowing in China as well as the industrial markets. We have seen recovery in orders and both of these areas and feel that the supply chain correction affect have completed in our second quarter as we expected. Certainly, we are pleased with the recovery in the orders, however the slow to recovery running behind original expectations in certain areas. Specifically in China, we previously thought [ph] that orders were continue to accelerate through the rest of the year while we believe the auto orders in China will continue to recover. We are now expecting orders outside of auto this will remain at the current levels that we are experienced in the second quarter. Let me now talk about the orders by segment. Overall transportation orders remain solid and in auto, our orders were negatively impacted by near-term customer backlog adjustment that related to a change in their schedule. I want to highlight this did not impact demand, its really just a change in one of our customers processes. We continue to experience strong order trends both in Europe and in Asia in automotive. In industrial, orders grew 5% sequentially with growth in both our direct customer orders as well as those I go through our channel partners and distribution. As I stated earlier, the industrial inventory correction is now behind us and in Communications excluding SubCom, our orders grew 4% sequentially with a Book to Bill of 105 [ph] with improvement in both our plans and data and device business. As Tom mentioned, in SubCom it continues its momentum with new Hawaiki new program and will record that order as a booking in our third quarter. If you could please turn to slide five Ill discuss Transportation Solution results in the second quarter. Overall sales grew 3% in the segment organically in the quarter with growth across our businesses. Our Auto sales growth in the quarter was driven by strength in China as well as in Europe. For fiscal 2016, we continue to expect global auto production to be up 2% to 2.5% with growth in all regions as strong growth in China. We remain confident that our auto business can grow ahead of auto production driven by electronic content growth as well as a risk pipeline of platform ramps from designs wins that we generated over the past several years. In commercial transportation, sales grew 1% organically year over year driven by the heavy truck sector in both China and Europe. North America heavy truck markets continue remain weak, along with continued weakness in global construction and Ag markets. Were pleased that organic orders were up year-over-year as well as sequentially as we continue to perform very well in this business the top economic backdrop. Turning to Sensors, we saw 2% organic growth as we did began to feel the impact of weakness in the industrial markets in our sensor business and just the highlight for you about 40% of our Sensor sales going to the industrial markets. We do continue to see strong design momentum and long cycle transportation and industrial applications that we expect will drive future growth. From a margin view point, adjusted operating margins in the segment were 19% and were in line with our expectations and were up sequentially. The decline year-over-year was driven by currency impacts as well as investments for growth. We anticipate adjusted operating margins for the second half to continue to improve and should be at similar levels as a second half of last year. If you could please turn to slide six and Ill discuss the Industrial Solutions segment. Revenue in the segment declined 7% organically year-over-year in the second quarter. Geographically, we continue to see trends across our businesses that are consistent. Europe is stably growing in many markets. North America continue to see weakness due to oil and gas as well as the supply chain corrections that impacted us the past couple of quarters and China remains sluggish. We continue to be impacted by the oil and gas market with sold 42% organic reduction in sales year-over-year and the decline in oil and gas drives half of the organic decline in the segment in the second quarter. Low oil and gas prices continue to have a derivative effect of other areas of the industrial segment including factory equipment as well as helicopter demand with affects our aerospace business. We have included the impacts in our results as well as in our guidance. In aerospace and defense, our commercial aerospace business grew year-over-year and this was more than offset by the declines in the defense business due to supply chain affects that were carrying in the distribution channel. Our energy business was down 2% organically with declines in Asia and Europe partially offset by growth in the US. As we look forward, we expect the industrial segment to grow sequentially and we expected to be essentially flat organically year-over-year in the third quarter and we expected the return to growth in the fourth quarter now that the inventory corrections are behind us. Adjusted operating margins were down year-over-year primarily by declines in the higher margin oil and gas business, but they were up sequentially. We do expect adjusted operating margins to continue to improve in the second half benefitting from increased volumes as well as the cost of action that we initiated. If you could please turn to page seven to talk about Communications segment. In the second quarter, the segment had revenue of $606 million, which was down 10% and 8% organically year-over-year and it was slightly ahead of our expectations. Our SubCom business saw solid year-over-year growth driven by strong execution from multiple projects of course and as Tom mentioned earlier, the total value programs of course is approximately $1 billion. We now expect SubCom to grow approximately 20% year-over-year and this is an improvement versus our expectation 90 days ago. Our data and devices and appliance businesses were impacted by distribution inventory corrections as I mentioned earlier and we believe these are behind us as we head into the second half of the year. Additionally, data and devices growth is impacted by the product exits weve been highlighting all year as part of the repositioning effort and as discussed will impact our growth rate throughout this year. Adjusted operating margins in the segment declined 60 basis points year-over-year in line with our expectations and we do expect improvements to adjusted operating margins as we continue through the second half. Now let me turn it over to Mario, wholl cover the financials.
Mario Calastri: Thanks, Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide eight, where I will provide more details on earnings. Adjusted operating income of $440 million was in line with guidance and down 13% year-over-year due to currency impacts investments in transportation and the lower volume impacts that Terrence mentioned earlier. GAAP operating income was $535 million and included $4 million of acquisition related charges and net restructuring in other credit of $99 million primarily driven by again on the sale of our Circuit Protection business. Adjusted EPS was $.90 for the quarter down $0.01 from the prior year with reduced volume from higher margin products and negative impacts from currency exchange rates offsetting incremental benefits from share buyback. Excluding the $0.02 [ph] impacts from foreign currency, adjusted EPS was up $0.01 from the prior year period. GAAP EPS was $1.06 for the quarter driven by net restructuring and other credits of $0.17 primarily due to the circuit protection sale I just mentioned. We expect approximately $100 million of restructuring charges for the full-year, a $50 million increase from prior guidance. Regarding tax, it should continue to obtain [indiscernible] long-term adjusted tax rate as approximately 23% to 24%. Due to the mix of profitability in different reductions, we now expect our adjusted tax rate to be slightly lower this year. As we mentioned last quarter, Tyco International on behalf of they entered into an agreement with the IRS to resolve all disputes related to the previously disclosed intercompany debt issues. During the quarter, we made net pre-separation tax payments to the IRS of approximately $140 million to prevent further accrual of interests and penalties and help drive this settled and behind us in the near future. As you may know the Treasury Department should propose tax regulations earlier this month. One proposal addresses the tax characterization of certain intercompany financing arrangements. Multinational companies, TE utilizes intercompany financing for efficient capital deployment. We're in the process of analyzing these proposed regulations for any potential perspective impact on TE. Turning to slide nine, while we remain in the challenging environment, our performance was in line with our guidance and we expect improvement across our operating metrics in the second half. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 32.6% a decline from last year and mostly driven by lower volume in areas like oil and gas and distribution, which have higher-margin than company average. Adjusted operating margins declined 150 basis points consistent with our gross margin performance. Total operating expenses were $523 million in the quarter down 5% from the previous year, reflecting strong spending controls. Continue to tightly manage discretionary spending while balancing our continuing investment into our Harsh businesses. Moving to cash flow and capital deployment in the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $155 million and our free cash flow was $165 million down from prior year levels due to timing of certain tax payments, but still up in the first half versus last year. We expect full-year free cash flow to approximate net income. We continue to have a balance capital allocation. In the second quarter, we returned $1.2 billion to our shareholders including $1.1 billion in buybacks. In the quarter, we bought back $19 million shares executing against our commitment of returning the proceeds from the broadband networks divestiture. Over the past 18 months, we have returned approximately $4.3 billion to our shareholders to buybacks and dividends. As Tom mentioned earlier, we expect to continue to take a balanced approach with our capital strategy going forward. We are also including a chart on adjusted EBITDA margins, which helps explain the profitability performance of our businesses including acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA margins in Q2 were 20% and show our margin resiliency despite lower sales levels. Continue to be pleased with the operating performance of our business especially in light of the challenging macro backdrop. We've also added a balance sheet in cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. Now let me turn it to back to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Mario. Before I get into Q3 guidance on slide 10, let me provide some perspectives on why we will return to growth in the second half. As you know our first half was characterized by several year-over-year macro headwinds. Unfavorable foreign exchange due to the significant strengthening of the dollar against most major currencies, the significant decline in year-over-year oil prices, which resulted in over 40% decline in our higher-margin oil and gas business, overall industrial markets weaken leading to a supply chain corrections with OEM and our channel partners, which we believe are now behind us and weakness across most China markets. In the first half, the factors that impacted us significantly and in the second half most of these headwinds are reduced. As a result, we expect to returned to revenue growth and strong double-digit EPS growth driven by our Harsh strategy and the many levers and operating model. Now, I'll cover the Q3 Outlook. We expect Q3 revenue of $3 billion to $3.2 billion, up 1% on an actual base since flat organically and adjusted Earnings per Share of $1 to $6, up 14% year over year at the midpoint. We expect growth in transportation and industrial, which include approximately $60 million from the Creganna acquisition. This is offset by declines in communications from the sale of the circuit protection business and the continuation of our strategy to exit certain product line in data and devices. We do expect continued growth in our SubCom business. Now please turn to slide 11. We are reiterating our full-year guidance of $12.3 billion in revenue and $4 and adjusted EPS at the midpoint. On a full-year basis, continued strong performance of our transportation segment, the addition of the Creganna acquisition and growth in our SubCom business more than offsetting the negative impact of exchange rate softer industrial markets especially oil and gas in China. As mentioned earlier, the full-year and fourth-quarter include the 53rd week, which contribute approximately $200 million of revenue. On this full-year outlook includes unusually high Q4 revenue on EPS level compared to Q3. So I'll walk you through that. As previously mentioned, this year's fourth quarter includes an extra week, which contributes approximately $200 million of revenue and approximately $0.10 per share of earnings. Excluding the 53rd week revenue is increasing approximately $40 million from Q3 to Q4. So the way to think about this is the $240 million revenue will flow through to earnings at a 25% to 30% rate and this coupled with our typical productivity accounts for the significant sequential increase in EPS. Let me just wrap up with a few comments. As we mentioned earlier, the global economic environment continues to be sluggish. Despite this, we expect to generate another year of solid performance. Our focus on Harsh environment driving TEOA through the organization, strong cash flow and a consistent return of capital policy continues to enable us to significantly strengthen our earnings leverage. The dollar of revenue today generates about 40% more EPS than five years ago. This is serving us very well on a slow growth economy and will deliver accelerated earnings growth that the global economy improves. Now, lets open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well go to the line of Amit Daryana with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good morning guys. I have two questions for me. Tom may be carrying on what you saw at the call with, the September quarter guys [ph]. Historically I think in September revenues seem to be down a little bit sequentially 2% by my math. So, could you maybe talk about what will be the comfort [ph] that sales could be up $43 million sequentially in organic basis? And then on EPS line, I guess the same thing you know [indiscernible] gives you $0.10; the $40 million would give you another $0.02, $0.03. I still struggle to get the entire $0.20 that you got to implant for September.
Tom Lynch: Hi, Amit. I think there is a little static on the line, try to get through this. Yeah, normally if you go back over many years, we had a few years were up slightly in the fifth quarter few years, we were down slightly, I mean the last year was the free unusual year because that is where China and the Industrial price reduction began to occur. This year the pattern to coming into the fifth quarter is different. We have industrial markets improving; we have China well not quite as much as we thought it would be. For sure, the Auto market is improving as we expected. So, that's really the difference accounting for us, a slight sequential improvement as opposed to what we could just stay overtime and its been kind of a. [inaudible]. We also pickup $240 million in revenue sequentially a lot of leverage come with it and that's [indiscernible] think well sure be in a 25% to 30%. The restructuring has been going on through the year continues to flow in an aggregate so they'll be a better benefit in Q4 and Q3 and then a normal productivity momentum, which marches through the year. So when you add all that up, thats how you get, its looks like a pretty significant hockey stick or you feel it back and say it's a small hockey stick.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. That is helpful to kind of get the leverage there. And then, I guess just the transportation segment I think you guys actually took up the production or unit expectation up modestly for autos. But the organic growth I think went from high single digit to mid single digit. Could you maybe just talk about what are the variables that leading to the lower organic growth within transportation for the year?
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Amit, its Terrence. Two things, [indiscernible] for Auto production estimate. Weve been around that 2% to 2.5% since last quarter and really that is China be middle to higher single digits, Europe being about 1%, US about 4%. So thats we have not those assumptions. When you look overall at the transportation organic growth primarily driven by the comments I made around sensors. We did reduce our expectation for the year around sensors organic growth to really related to the impact of the industrial markets. So the growth we have there was lower this quarter than we thought and we are seeing order impacts due to some of the industrial impact that weve seen elsewhere on the sensor business.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Tom Lynch: All right. Thanks, Amit. Next question please
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you good morning. Terrance, you pointed out strengthen Autos in Europe and China. I was wondering if you could talk about the order patterns in North America and Auto. Are you seeing any signs of deceleration in order patterns that is concerning to you at this point and I have a follow-up?
Terrence Curtin: Wamsi, thanks for the question. So, the one top comment I made around the backlog adjustment that was in our U.S. business and that was really scheduling change by did not have anything to do with demand, but we have seen in North America. We have seen some leveling of order patterns, as how with I must say there is an acceleration or deceleration outside that specific adjustment with that customer, but otherwise I would say --.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Great thanks and as my follow-up, transportation margins saw an year-over-year decline despite organic growth of 3% and reported to flat. Can you address what the moving pieces are? I think you called effects and some increase than last months, what are those increase in last month specifically? If you could any color on that? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at those increased divestments, you know we had a tremendous manual program wins both in our Sensor business as well as in the automotive business, as you know the long cycle business. So we have been putting investment in just of both those programs. So its mainly an engineering and product launch teams both in sensors as well as automotive around this program and then benefit us for two three years.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi. We have the next question please.
Operator: It will come from Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri Scribner: I think I wanted to get a sense of what drivers youre confident that the industrial segment will improve in the back half of the year. It sounds like you think China is going to be relatively flat, but potentially I think youre saying that the inventory situation is better. So, just trying to understand what makes you comfortable that things will get better in the second half? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Sure. Thank you Ill comment and then Ill ask Terrence to answer it. I think a couple of things. One, when we look at inventory in the supply chain both that our direct customers and our channel customers, it feels like that pack a balance right now and thats what our channel partners feels well. So thats when the business started to go a little bit flat now, last year the supply chain adjustment negatively. So weve been going through that. We do China gradually picking up. So and it really began to turn down in the second half of last year and in the fourth quarter of last year. So some of that is to compare, I dont think were not producing a robust industrial market. Its really, things getting more imbalanced and then well have the benefit of the Creganna acquisition, which is in our industrial segment. So, Terrence do you want to add more color to that.
Terrence Curtin: No. I think, surely Tom said is very well. Last year fourth quarter is when oil and gas as well as lot of the channel and inventory effect head us. So in some ways its a weak compared to the fourth quarter last year on an organic basis, but we do see that leveled out, I think the third quarter as we talked about that have been flat year-on-year, I think seems to be industrial world is relatively flat right now. So I think were getting those supply chain affects behind us and oil and gas as well as we continue to expect to be very strong market and as Tom mentioned
Sherri Scribner: Great, thats really helpful. And then trying to ask a quick question on the communications margins, they were down year-over-year and I would have talked maybe would have been a bit stronger given the subsea businesses higher. How should we think about the subsea business impacting that margin as we move through the years revenue is stronger? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Subsea, yeah communications as you know the mix of kind of three businesses are very good appliance business. Subsea business that is growing and first quarter margins were very high because we had to close out of the job in subsea. We expect to take couple of more quarters and that really pass the margin in the first quarter. Second quarter is more normalized for subsea. So I expect subsea will gradually improve. The data and devices margins will start to improve later this year, but were feeling more optimistic about that. We did we were taken certain protection out that was been in the second quarter, but that is not in the balance of the year. So when you go business by business appliance, strong margins study, SubCom take the first quarter out in the little bit of abrasion growing at volume growth and data and devices always to start improving next year based on what we see right now.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Sherri. We have next question please.
Operator: Thank you and thatll come from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Great, thanks. Question on Creganna, understanding at just close, but if you can just give some anecdote in terms of customer engagement number one, number two, just kind of what that does few more broadly and kind of the medical opportunity is that?
Terrence Curtin:
. : I think secondly as we talked about the second part of your question around what those are do, which really nice about Creganna does for us. It really round out of the portfolio. So just to remind everyone, 90% of that integrated solution of well have internally. I think the other thing that is very powerful not only their position in engineering, but worse position in the world really balances that medical platform and they fill it not only the manufacturing or could the engineering until the gap we had around strong presence. And then, clearly bringing in 225 engineers and know that space, really doubled our engineering capability. So really have a very nice platform to continue to build up on and very early, but very excited that as well.
Tom Lynch: The one thing I would add Terrence is, we cant Creganna in China, but outside of the China and our robust platform across China had an existing medical business there in that market is maybe order minimally engaged because you have growing huge population and aging population and dont have the affordability. So this were really excited about helping them scale much better to the in China.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it, thanks. And then, as my follow-up on the tuck-in announced this morning, if I look back to me the number of tuck-ins and then many deals to kind of built it based that you have today. So just your strategy in the sense from market, it feels like thats the market is very fragmented. There is a lot of growth, there is a lot of opportunities, but could we expect more along these lines in terms of youre doing these type of $40 million, $50 million type revenue deals?
Terrence Curtin: Craig, I think you said it very well. The number one, its a very fragmented margin and what we liked about, what was announced today really is this is a speed sensor that product company that really placed very strongly into the transportation both in the industrial transportation side as well as automotive in the turbo charger applications. So I think when you look at the sensor space, youll continue to see two things similar to this that has continue to built out portfolio as well as what we historically and continue to grow this business. So very excited about the business we announced last night and help us strength us in the transportations business.
Craig Hettenbach: Thanks for that.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Craig. We have the next question please.
Operator: And it will come from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, good morning everybody.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Shawn.
Shawn Harrison: Just the buyback -- just to be clear on the math. Is there about $1 billion now available on the buyback and should we assume the June quarter get you back to the normal guidance of say 150 to 250 type of activity?
Mario Calastri: Hi, Shawn. This is Mario. Were still have about familiar $1.3 billion of authorized and just to remind that in terms of what we talked about in the comments, our strategy remains very much consistent with about and a reminder of what we have accomplished last 18 months and then, Tom if you want to add anything.
Tom Lynch: Sure. I would say yes. Were going to get back fairly to the lower end of the normal range in the next couple of quarters. We bought back $3 billion over the last nine months. We did make Creganna acquisition, but we feel these two/thirds, one/third split really works for us. We havent seen anything that changes our view, is it from a strategic point of view thats the sensible capital allocation and as you know all of youve been following us for a while. They re experience were at the higher in two/thirds return to capital and then there is curious when we make any kind of sizeable acquisition whereas to below that.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. Thats helpful and as a follow-up just on auto in general, maybe its a two-parter. Have you seeing any impacts from the earthquake in Japan, I think Toyota was take around of $0.5 billion customer I mean some 20 or 11 are correct and then, just also on what you think the impact of China stimulus is on the business this year and how that got affect the business rolling in the fiscal17?
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Shawn, its Terrence. Thanks for the question. I think first of all lets take Japan, what I would say of Japan, I think youre sizing Toyota not right. When you sit there and you think through the earthquake in Japan, clearly thats a poor situation that were monitor with our customer you know we have not seen any disruptions yet as part of assuming normal pattern, but demand that it may impact some timing little bit, but were talking to our customers constantly and make it sure, were helping that anyway that can stay more through you know that tragically in Japan. On China stimulus I think thats a little more of a complicate question that when you look at it, we did get it back in our first quarter as Chinas overall production so we talked about that. What we have seen is China comeback to about 6% production environment here both, which is pretty much in line with the EDP, I dont think we know whether the China stimulus accelerated some production or demand, but we do sort of view that China production long-term will stay around GEP from China. So, I dont think were for off right now. I think well have to see as stimulus if there is any timing affect, but right now we feel pretty good as production has re-stimulated those from the first quarter being very slow.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Shawn. We have the next question please.
Operator: Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Yes good morning and thanks very much for taking the questions. The first one is a follow-up on the Q4 guidance and youve talked about some of the top down factors that youre think about in terms of different end markets. Can you help us understand is there anything youre getting from specific customer forecast that are giving lot of visibility that Q4 is up sequentially from Q3? Anything kind of the I thought normally four to six weeks, so it seems like its more top down driven, but if you have a bottom-up reconciliation that giving you more confident thatll be helpful I think.
Tom Lynch: We have lot of customers. So there is a lot of data point, I would say the biggest indicators are just one-one, and will be said in industrial. So we do see that sequential growth in orders and it continued in the April pretty solidly. So that gives us confident, its not slam down. The channel partners are pretty much back to positive seeing POS in line with the increasing demand and reflecting inventory levels in the channel back in line. So these are all positive indicators in few records this time last year. Those indicators were starting to; they were raising caution going the other way. So that would give us some optimism. Again, were not expecting a boom from Q3 to Q4. I think its just where the cycle is this time versus prior years and of course that I always keep reminding you of that extra week. Its confusing all of us, but yeah there is an extra week there. So when you strip that out, were talking about $40 million in revenue pickup, but right now feels, we think that balance I mean you know, well know a lot more at the end of the third quarter, but when we look at what the channel pattern is versus prior years, when we look at our industrial business this quarter sequentially and seeing it both in the OEM customers and the channel customers that will give us that confidence. Terrence you want to say something?
Terrence Curtin: No. I think you said it very well.
Mark Delaney: Okay. I appreciate the color and then follow-up question on the tax rate commentary and kind of actually two parts. So I think 23% to 24% was the comment. What sort of affect should we expect for the potential settlement around the Tyco liabilities as should we be looking for any other income line? Are there changes there? And then, can you just clarify does the long-term guidance of 23% to 24% include what you think of potential impact might be around earnings stripping regulation or you just have another chance to better put that into numbers?
Terrence Curtin: I think that what we talked about in the comments, our expectation from longer-term remains 23% to 24% that does not include any additional regulations related above any potential from there. Were still looking at it and when it comes to the second half, we do expect it will be a little bit lower than the 23% to 24% and thats mostly driven around distribution of profitability more than expectation around.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. We have the next question please.
Operator: Got the line of William Stein with SunTrust, please go ahead.
William Stein: Hi. Great, thank you for taking my question. Im still having trouble understating your comments about the transportation segment. I think that you noted that automotive is at least as strong as it look previously and itd be downward adjustment to the full-year guidance at segment is related to the sensor business. So youre seeing, it sounds like youre seeing industrial sensor applications roll-off just at the same time that you expect the rest of the industrial exposure to starting. So maybe step by reconciling that and then Ill have a follow-up to be?
Tom Lynch: Let me start with that. I think were on where to think about the venture piece for that is growth is slowing whereas in the connector part of the business in which growth was down right, because of inventory correction fell. Now we expect whats going to happen in the second half of the year in the industrial connectivity business. Last we met a little bit of growth in Q4, but sensors with a different story, this really growth is slowing, reflecting, the certainty out there. Terrence, you want to talk more about transportation?
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Tom he said it well. When you think through the interconnect we saw industrial about 50% of glossary distribution in sensor is very little down. So what we seen weve actually our sensors industrial actually comedown and slow more like our direct customers. So Tom is very much right on it and the rest of the transportation is like we said in the comment, we see a production environment staying steady at 2% to 2.5% growth certainly China being the big driver. Europe being slight so we see that continues to be solid and transportation when you say its down a little bit it really has to do with that sensor.
William Stein: So the follow-up there is, within transportation sensors are still quite small and 10% or 15% of the transport and suspect whats really driving the full-year differences some you made a comment on the prepared remarks around a supply-chain or some other inventory adjustment that one of your customers is making in North America. Can you help us situation is better said is we really trying to understand if this whats going on here in this sort of valid lead as to whats going on the industry or is this particular to TEE in a very temporary and then snaps back or is there a bigger problem here? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Well. It is actually just have customers getting these orders into and they change their process. So it does affect the numbers, it does not affect demand and that did impact our orders, but it did not impact the demand were seeing from customers. So really its just their process about they give orders, they changed more real-time to giving us the firm and that adjustment impacted our orders, but it doesnt impact the demand patterns at all.
Tom Lynch: What I add will is just to help the understanding, what I would add will is our automotive business will grow more in the second half than the first half. So were not the mixes are changing you know North America flat flattening a bit China picking up, Europe steady, but when you step back to your question, hey is there something going on here? We actually are going to have stronger auto business in the second half than the first half, the overall sensor business growth rate lower in the second half than the first half.
Terrence Curtin: Just one last comment, the 2% and 2.5% production environment we do expect to be the high single-digits around the business.
William Stein: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you. We have the next question please.
Operator: It comes from Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions from me. First was just getting back to the transportation margins. I understand the investments are going on and Im just curious if you can just give us some bigger picture comments on how youre managing those against our own short-term expectations from margins in that segment versus whats in the expanding opportunity for growth and then Ill had a follow-up?
Tom Lynch: Sure. So aggregate for three pieces of our transportation segment. Automotive, as Terrence said very strong business expect to grow mid to high single-digits on 2% to 3%, 2.5% production growth margins there remain strong. Sensors is below the transportation averages as you know with the acquisition with tremendous opportunity to move those margins up and we are investing at were increasing our R&D investment at a faster rate than our sales growth in sensors because the opportunity is still great and customers absolutely like another strong resilient technology rich company providing sensors into the transportation market and we are getting significant design and that requires engineers since been our plan from day one acquisition. And then in the industrial transportation business, which is the highest margin business in the group. We are I think were navigating very well maintaining our margins in a very really negative growth environment, our growth is just because of our wrong position in China, in Europe is offsetting, North America. So were really within the segment. We manage those businesses separately based on the dynamic in opportunity. And Terrence said in his comment, were pretty confidence that well margins approve again sequentially basic point Q1 to respect that March to continue in the second half of the year with a little bit of volume growth over the first half of year because there is a lot of operating leverage in this business.
Steven Fox: So, just pushback on the second point around sensors, so was it safe to understand and this was sort of un usual quarter in terms of the investment levels versus revenues actually ramping with some new programs and that gaps starts to close going forward or does it stay at these levels for a little while. If you could sort of qualify that? And then, my follow-up question was just to get an update on the CFO search. Thanks very much.
Terrence Curtin: Firstly, it is ramping. We began increasing our sensors investment late last year and certainly as weve been programmed we thought design wins especially in longer cycle business, there will be a gap. So I dont think its ennobling [ph] but its something we have to invest ahead and even in this programs. So it is a ramp that youre going to see in sensors. But we will expect as we
Tom Lynch: One more comment before the I just I think its really important if you look at the transformation of the company to Harsh environment, auto businesses the down set definition and you know for us that engineer, high barriers intensity, the capital allocation strategy. You see how that enables us even in the slow growth market to make strategic investment something like sensors, which is going to be a big business for us. And so, yeah we have decided not to really change our strategy there even that we have already leveraged to drive the earnings growth that we set up six months ago. Well, $3 billion $4 billion in revenue and $4 EPS and thats part of the story too an important work. On the CFO search were active as you can imagine, we have several internal candidates were going to the external candidates obviously a critically important job, but I feel good about it, we have a very strong financial organization across the company and the team is doing great you can tell in an effective way been with 10 years very well and from mentioned, yeah thats an everyday and I would expect in the next couple of months will be make announcement.
Steven Fox: Great. I appreciate the color.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Steve. We have the next question please.
Operator: Thank you and thatll come from Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. When you mentioned on the prepared remarks as well as a little bit on the Q&A about your automotive customer changing its supply chain a little bit. Can you give us some details like, did you benefit from that in prior quarter or it sound like this quarter you have some weakness associated with that? Do you then in the future weakness but it seems like at the end of the day, the supply-chain has to all connected and was that changed I assume lead by the customer and then rolled-out globally to them or already has it centre to around petroleum or diesel or electric or HV? How should we think about kind of whats going on there and is this a rippling changed the industry? Then my question or follow-up would be on the intercompany debt, I know you mentioned that the past historical IRS settlement is in work near interest for and I also correct to say that the new regulations also potentially and our due impact, current debt structure amongst the company and if so can you quantify or let us know about anything around that or is it all decently backward stating and going forward there are no considerations? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Ill take the first point and Ill allow Mario to take the second one. Number one, in terms of customer, so when you look at program I think that look at they changed their process. So certainly this was something that built up overtime thats why they did the process. They gave us very forward-looking orders thatll be recorded as orders of backlog. Now they moved to be a more with articulated and that had scheduling him up and they are going to head with orders more frequently that does create a debugging in our world. It does not impact programs that we won with our customers throughout the world. So when we look at this, this is something that is very and does not impact programs and cant get into individual diesel versus electric versus combustion engine and it isnt there and over time we will just get those orders in more frequently than having schedule back and forth. Now Ill let Mario turn over to sector piece on your tax question.
Mario Calastri: Sure. On the tax question, first of all on the settlement, we did mention that we have made a big payment to the IRS effectively, stops the accrual of interest on that liability which basically takes out most of the impact of the settlement when we would like to settle. So we already have included in our guidance the fact that we have made that payment that impacts our tax rate. On the second element, as far as the rights that are put in place, first of all those rights  those proposed rights are perspective though they do not have any impact on our current [indiscernible] company and again its complicated matter that we are getting our head around, but no, there is no impact to current in top of that decision that position.
Jim Suva: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you, Jim. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Thank you. That will come from Mike Wood with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. I realized your visibility is very good on the auto platforms, can you just give us your incremental enthusiasm or concerns over just where your share will be moving over the next several years and has there been any platform wins on the passenger vehicle side from measurement specialists?
Tom Lynch: Yeah, sure. Thanks. Yeah, I mean, I couldnt I have to contain my optimism around the automotive business globally and with our presence and range of technology, its becoming more and more important. So we have a significant share in the connectivity business, but over the last five years, we believe we increased at five points. That is quite an accomplishment and it really is that these solutions get more complex and all we have to do is kind of look under the hood, see how different it is in the last five or six years. The connectivity in the sensing solutions are more complex. On the connectivity side, we continue to win at a rate faster than we have in the past, which is why I think we said a few times. If you go back five years and we talk about a 2% production environment, we would have talked about 3% to 4% revenue to TE environment. Now we believe thats a 5% to 6% and thats really more market share than it is content. So I expect we will continue to inch up our market share because of the range of capability we have in this, just for example hyper electric vehicles, the difference in our designing in the last three years or so the first  the prior five years is 2x to 3x. So at that market now continues to pick up. We have a high content and we are extremely well positioned with all the leading platforms. So we feel good about that. On the sensors side, we have one significant design edge technology and our go-to-market and our strength we bring and the credibility we bring to our auto customer. We are an auto supplier through and through and we are doing that for 50 years, so they like the technology and they trust us and we are wining important awards. They are not showing up in revenue yet, but that will be in the next couple of years, but  thats why when we talked earlier incredibly enthusiastic and feel that actually ahead of the hypothesis we had with [indiscernible] about our ability to bring their technology into this  the auto market, which is the best market for Sensors. Eric, do you want to add anything to that?
Eric Resch: No, I think Tom just said it well and also even with the small acquisition and we continues to get confident and leverage our go-to-market in the transportation area like Tom said, so I think our program wins, weve been getting the other thing thats nice about it is they are on all geographies at the world, its not just concentrated one geography, which actually leveraged with that that we have in our auto business. We always talk to you all about.
Mike Wood: Great. And as a follow up on the industrial orders, can you just give us the breakout of the OEM trend versus the distributor order trends in the quarter?
Tom Lynch: Yeah, sure, Mike. [Indiscernible] when you look that the trend in the quarter between the two that you had what we saw on the OEM side, year-over-year was relatively flattish and then on the channel side, we were still down year-over-year, but whats nice is it was getting back to where last years order levels were which give us confidence that when we get to the third and fourth quarter our channel sales versus last year will be up because we did have that correction in the fourth quarter. The other thing that Tom mentioned that I think support our channel partners have seen positive POS, they are seeing a book to bill greater than one. So its not only our order patter as we talk to our channel partners, they have also seen their book to bill go back above one as well as positive POS, so its combination of those factors that we see.
Mike Wood: Great, Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Mike. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: That will come from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Appreciate you talking the follow-up. Just a follow-up on that tax rate question. Once the Tyco liability is settled should we be thinking about the other income from Tyco and Covidien going to zero, so tax rate 23% to 24% but assume no other income from that going forward?
Mario Calastri: Mark, sorry, let me clarify. The way you should think about it is that the settlement is going to be basically EPS [indiscernible] and there is going to be a [indiscernible] between the other income thats going to go away and tax rate is going to get lower. But this far into the guidance what we talked about the 23 to 24 and being a little bit lower in the second half does not include the sum. So we are just now including the settlement, but you should think about it as EPS neutral because we have done the prepayment to the IRS would basically stop the accrual on the.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. We have no further questions.
Sujal Shah: So thank you very much for your time this morning. If you have more question please contact Investor Relations at TE. Have a great day.
Tom Lynch: Thank you everyone.
Mario Calastri: Thank you everyone.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10:30 AM this morning and running through Wednesday, April 27th midnight. You can access the executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 390294. International parties may dial 1-320-365-3844 with the access code 390294. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participant and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-01-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - Vice President, IR Tom Lynch - Chairman and CEO Terrence Curtin - President Bob Hau - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Matt Sheerin - Stifel Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research William Stein - SunTrust Steven Fox - Cross Research Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Jim Suva - Citi Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to TE Connectivity First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given to you at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sujal Shah, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning. And thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivitys first quarter results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; President, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. Press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of todays call, Id like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks for joining us today. And here are the key takeaways from todays call. Weve begun fiscal 2016 with the quarter of solid execution, delivering $0.84 in adjusted EPS, $0.08 above the high-end of guidance with sales slightly above our midpoint. This was driven by strong performance in our transportation segment and SubCom business in combination with tight cost management in light of the macro environment. Excluding the impact of currency exchange rates, Q1 adjusted EPS was flat year-over-year, and adjusted operating margins of 15.7% were ahead of expectations. For the full year 2016, we are reiterating our adjusted EPS guidance of $4. This is 11% year-over-year growth and 15% growth in constant currency. Relative to our view last quarter, the transportation segment is a little stronger; global auto production expectations improving. In industrial our direct business with OEMs developed as expected and appears to be stabilizing but sales through our distribution channel were weaker than expected and the recovery is taking longer than anticipated. The oil and gas market remains very weak with derivative effect impacting some other industrial markets. The midpoint of our annual guidance assumes 2% global auto production growth in our fiscal year. Were also assuming sequential improvements in industrial sales and orders in the second quarter and into the second half. For the full year in communications, we assume double-digit growth at SubCom, second half growth in appliances and continued decline in data and devices. By region, we assume that the overall U.S. and European economies continue to grow slowly and China returns to growth in our markets in the second half. We continue to take a balanced approach with our capital strategy, and over time expect to return approximately two thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks with a third of free cash being used for acquisitions, and well talk more about this later in the call. We are very pleased with the performance of the businesses we acquired last year and will continue to look for acquisition opportunities that broaden our ability to address harsh environment applications and provide integrated solutions to our customers. We believe that integration is another emerging secular trend for our business and we are well-positioned to capitalize with our broad portfolio of products. In sensors, our unmatched presence across virtually every industry, coupled with a broad technology and product portfolio we acquired is enabling us to expand our design win pipeline across market verticals and provide integrated solutions in certain applications. In medical, we have increased our presence in the high growth minimally invasive market and are well-positioned to provide integrated solutions to our customers that incorporate our connectors, sensors, fine wire technology, and material science knowhow. While we cant control the macro environment and inevitable economic cycles, we have positioned TE around harsh environment applications and continue to benefit directly from the secular trends of electronic content growth. We believe TE is uniquely positioned to provide highly engineered solutions that integrate connectors, sensors and other technologies to improve reliability, lower cost, and increased performance, making the Company an increasingly valued partner to our customers. And we have secured several key integrated solution design wins, particularly with major auto OEMs over the last several months prove out this point. Now, please turn to slide three for a summary of Q1 results. While we continue to have the backdrop of a challenging macro environment, we generated adjusted EPS above the high end of the guidance with sales slightly above the midpoint of guidance. Sales of $2.8 billion were down 7% year-over-year but down only 1% in constant currency. Adjusted EPS was down 6% year-over-year and flat in constant currency. Performance above guidance in the quarter was driven by strength in our transportation segment and higher sales in SubCom, as a key program moved to completion earlier than expected. This coupled with tight cost control more than offset industrial being a little weaker than expected in the quarter. We generated adjusted operating margins of 15.7% in Q1 which were ahead of expectations, and our adjusted EBITDA margins were 21%. During the quarter, we returned $1.4 billion to shareholders including $1.3 billion in share buybacks. The Board of Directors also approved the recommendation to raise our dividend by 12% with an annual rate of $1.48 per share. We expect this to be approved by shareholders in March and be effective in June. We also paid $127 million in dividends in the quarter. In addition, we returned approximately $1.3 billion of cash to shareholders due to share buybacks. While down year-over-year due primarily to weakness in China, our transportation segment sales were above expectations with better than expected demand in China. So, China was weak but it was not as we weak as we thought. In the industrial segment, our direct business with OEMs performed about as expected but we did see lower sales through the distribution channel. Overall, we continued to perform well in harsh environment in applications, last years acquisitions in sensors and medical gaining momentum. And during the quarter, we announced the sale of our circuit protection business, which is on track to close later this quarter. Before we get into the segment update, Id like to provide a brief insight into order patterns, which will help provide a baseline for our results and expectations. Please turn to slide four. Organic orders were down 3% from the prior year but were better than our exceptions 90 days ago. Orders were up 3% sequentially excluding SubCom and our book-to-bill was 1.04. China orders were up 11% sequentially on an organic basis and better than expected. These data points are positive indicators for our expectations of second half sales growth. One area that doesnt remain weak is the distribution channel, where our expectation of sales and orders recovery has pushed out slightly versus our prior view. Distribution accounts for about 15% of our total sales. Transportation orders improved 7% sequentially, reflecting incremental growth in global auto production expectations. During the quarter, we saw our industrial orders stabilize and grow slightly sequentially with direct orders improving in line with expectations and weakness in the channel that I previously mentioned. Communications orders ex SubCom declined 9% sequentially, driven by previously announced product exits and weakness in the distribution channel. To provide a little additional color on China, while both orders and sales were down year-over-year in aggregating Q1, we are seeing improvement in auto production; we saw a year-over-year organic growth in orders in transportation. We continued to see China weakness in the industrial and communications segment but are expecting growth in the second half as inventories come more in balance. Excluding SubCom, our book-to-bill ratio was 1.04 in Q1 with all segments book-to-bill exceeding in 1.0. With that backdrop, Ill now turn it over to Terrence to cover each of our segments in more detail.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Tom and good morning, everyone. If you could please turn to slide five and we will start with transportation solutions. Sales grew 1% organically in the quarter, above our guidance expectations due to China sales being stronger than we anticipated. Overall segment organic growth of 1% was driven by automotive and sensors. Our auto sales organic growth of 1% in the quarter was driven by Europe growing 6% and North America growth of 3% offsetting the expected reductions in China that Tom talked about. With the orders that we experienced along with production schedules, we expect China to return to growth in the second quarter, reflecting the positive demand impacts from the government tax incentives that are driving increased production levels. For fiscal 2016, we now expect global auto production to be up 2% to just under 88 million vehicles, with China production up 6% compared to 2015. This compares favorably to our view last quarter when we expected global auto production with China production growth of only 2%. We continue to be confident that our auto business can grow well ahead of production as its included in our annual guidance, and this is driven by electronic content growth and a rich pipeline of platform ramps from design wins generated over the past several years. As expected, our commercial transportation business was down year-over-year, driven by weak global construction and agriculture market, and weakness in the North America heavy truck area. While our sales declined versus last year, our organic orders were up 10% sequentially as were seeing signs of this business stabilizing. And we expect to be up to flat low single digits on an organic basis for the year. Turning to sensors, our business continued to show strong momentum in the quarter in both sales and design wins. Aligned with our acquisition rational, we are using the existing TE go-to-market teams to take new products and system level solutions to our customers. This results in new sensor program awards to cross multiple market verticals. TE is uniquely positioned with the worlds broadest portfolio of connector and sensor solutions, and we have recently been awarded design wins in the automotive space and integrated multiple components to provide a complete solution to our customers. In this segment, adjusted operating income was $280 million in the first quarter. This was down year-over-year due to currency, a change in product mix and our continuous investment for growth in automotive and sensors businesses. Adjusted operating margins came in higher than we expected and we anticipate the second half margin to be at 20% or above. Please if you could turn to page six to discuss our industrial solutions segment. Aligned with our expectation, revenue in the segment declined 6% organically year-over-year in the first quarter. As Tom mentioned, we are being impacted by weakness in the distribution channel which is almost 30% of the segment sales organically. Distribution sales were down 6% organically in the quarter, as we see broad-based supply chain corrections occurring that we highlighted last quarter. Our direct sales to OEMs are improving in line with our expectations and we saw our OEM orders improve sequentially by nearly 3%, while orders through the channel partners remained flat sequentially. We currently expect that our distribution partners will continue to work through the second quarter to get in line with OEM demand. In addition to the distribution channel, we continue to be impacted by the oil and gas market. You can see on the slide, we broke this out separately this quarter and it shows the 44% organic reduction in sales year-over-year in this market and the impact thats having on the segment. With the weakness in the oil and gas market, our business is now running at approximately $30 million per quarter, down from approximately $60 million per quarter a year ago. We have seen order rates stabilize around the $30 million level, and we expect a more favorable year-over-year compare in the second half. Also, I want to highlight that the low oil and gas prices are also having some derivative effect in other areas of the industrial segment, impacting sales in our industrial equipment business and areas like factory equipment and rail and also in helicopter demand which affects our aerospace business. These derivative effects are reflected in our guidance and our results. In the commercial aerospace and defense business, our momentum remains strong with the slight year-over-year decline driven by the defense business due to program timing. We remain very well-positioned with our program wins in the space and expect to benefit from growth in the commercial aerospace and as the defense market continues to improve. Our energy business grew 4% organically with strength in Europe and the Americas more than offsetting softness in China. From an adjusted operating income perspective, it was $78 million in the first quarter, down year-over-year, as expected due to the impact of currency, declines in our higher margin oil and gas business, and 6% organic decline in the channel. If you exclude the oil and gas business and FX impacts, our operating margins remained constant year-over-year, reflecting the benefit of our TEOA program as well as cost management. If you could turn to slide seven please, so I can talk about communications solutions. In the first quarter, the segment revenue of $617 million was down 6% and 3% organically as expected. Our SubCom business saw a strong year-over-year growth as we successfully completed the America, Europe connect program earlier than our original plan. We now expect SubCom to grow low-double-digits for the full year, which is slightly better than our expectations 90 days ago. Our data and devices, and appliance businesses were impacted by the slowing in China as well as the supply chain adjustments by our distribution partner, similar that I talked about in industrial. We expect this to be largely behind us as we head into the second half of the year. And just to remind you, data and devices growth is also impacted by the product exits that we initiated late in 2015 as part of our repositioning effort. From a margin perspective, adjusted operating margins expanded 380 basis points year-over-year, which was above expectations, driven by the early completion of the program in SubCom that we highlighted. Now, let me turn it over to Bob, wholl cover the financials.
Bob Hau: Thanks, Terrence and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide eight where Ill provide more details on earnings. Our adjusted operating income was $444 million, down 5% in constant currency, due to investments in transportation, impacts of oil and gas weakness, and the distribution inventory corrections impacting our industrial segment that Terrence covered. Including $30 million of foreign currency headwinds, operating income was down 11% from the prior year. GAAP operating income was $398 million and included $6 million of acquisition related charges as well as $40 million of restructuring and other charges related to data and devices product exits, elimination of corporate stranded costs from BNS divestiture and general cost reductions. Our Adjusted EPS was $0.84 for the quarter, down $0.05 from the prior year with reduced volume from higher margin products and negative impacts from foreign currency exchange rates, offsetting incremental benefits from the share buyback. Excluding the $0.05 impact from foreign currency, adjusted EPS was flat to the prior year. GAAP EPS was $0.83 for the quarter and included acquisition related charges of $0.01, restructuring and other charges of $0.07 and $0.07 from tax related income. I now expect approximately $85 million of restructuring charges for the full year of 2016, a $10 million increase from our prior guidance 90 days ago. Please turn to slide nine. While we remain in a challenging environment, the progress weve made with TEOA and productivity initiatives enabled the business to demonstrate resiliency as reflected in our margins. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33.4%. While this was down from last year due to lower sales and higher margin products, its up 90 basis points sequentially from Q4. As Terrence discussed in the industrial section, were seeing softness in some higher margin businesses like oil and gas, and lower sales to the distribution channel. Adjusted operating margins decline 70 basis points, driven by lower volume and product mix while benefiting from the early completion of the SubCom program in the quarter. Total operating expenses were $502 million in the quarter, down 8% from the prior year. We continue to tightly manage discretionary spending but are also continuing to invest in our harsh businesses. In the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $367 million and our free cash flow was $237 million, up from prior year levels due to lower working capital and reduced revenue and timing of SubCom payments. We continue to have a balanced capital allocation strategy. In Q1, we returned $1.4 billion to shareholders including $1.3 billion in buybacks. In the quarter, we bought back nearly 21 million shares executing against our commitment of returning the proceeds in the Broadband Networks divestiture. Were also introducing a chart on EBITDA margins, which better shows the profitability performance of our businesses including acquisitions. EBITDA margins in Q1 were 21% and shows our margin resiliency despite lower sales levels. We continue to be pleased with the operating performance of our business, especially in light of the challenging macro backdrop. Also you may have seen in the 8-K filed yesterday, Tyco International on behalf of TE Connectivity has entered into an agreement with the internal revenue service to resolve all disputes related to the previously disclosed intercompany debt issues. The resolution would result in a total cash payment to the IRS from TE Connectivity of between $147 million and $163 million, which includes all interest and penalties. We are pleased with the proposed settlement and look forward to having this behind us in the near future. Of course we have also added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. Now, Ill turn it back to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to slide 10, and I will cover Q2 guidance at a high level with additional details provided in the slide deck. We expect Q2 revenue of $2.88 billion to $3.08 billion, down 3% or 1% organically, and adjusted EPS of $0.84 to $0.92, down approximately 3% year-over-year at the midpoint but flat in constant currency. Versus our view last quarter, we expect transportation to be a bit stronger, industrial to be a bit weaker, and communications to be impacted by the early completion of the SubCom program we discussed earlier, and most of that was in Q2 when we guided last time. For the full year, we expect revenue of $12.3 billion at the midpoint, up 1% versus the prior year and reflecting 4% organic growth at midpoint. We are reducing top line by about a $100 million, reflecting the sale of our circuit protection business that we expect to complete this quarter. Our adjusted EPS guidance remains at $4 and represents year-over-year growth of 11% at midpoint. On a constant currency basis, revenue is expected to grow over 3% and adjusted EPS is expected to grow by 15% year-over-year. Versus our prior view, transportation is expected to have higher growth, industrial is little weaker, and communications is weaker factoring the impact of the sale of the circuit protection business. I think you heard a constant theme that transportation little better, industrial little weaker but overall no big change from the prior guidance. Our full year outlook is based on the following market and regional assumptions. In transportation, we expect mid single digit actual and high single digit organic growth. We are assuming that global auto production is up 2% year-over-year, which is an improvement from our prior view of flat production. We are anticipating China auto production to grow 6% year-over-year. We expect another year of strong growth in our sensors business. In industrial, we are assuming flat actual and low single digit organic growth. We have seen orders stabilize in some industrial end markets and assume inventories come into balance by the end of Q2, ending the negative supply chain effect on our business. We continue to assume a weak oil and gas market, and will continue to see the signs of the negative impacts in other adjacent markets in the industrial space, which is also factored into our guidance. In communications, we assume high single digit actual and low single digit organic declines but growth in SubCom and appliances being more than offset by product exits and the sale of the circuit protection business in data and devices. By region, we assume Europe and the U.S. to continue to improve with China markets rebounding in the second half. Outside of auto, China markets are as expected 90 days ago. Our guidance does assume a 53rd week in current currency exchange rates. As the year progresses, we have much less of a headwind from FX translation and an increase in earning tailwind from our share repurchase program. We remain positive on our outlook and at several levels to drive growth in a very challenging macro environment. As a result of the transformation of our portfolio and increased focus on harsh applications, we are well-positioned with differentiated solutions for our customers. Secular trend of constant growth is increasingly apparent in our served markets and our ability to produce integrated solutions that saw system level challenges for our customers will enable TE to continue to become an even more valuable strategic partner for our customers in the future. These factors combined with our TEOA initiatives and capital strategy, are expected to drive consistent double digit earnings growth.  Now Sujal, lets open it up for questions.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Tom. Cynthia, could you give the instructions for Q&A session?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is going to come from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks, good morning guys. So just to start with on the industrial segment, could you just talk about the margin ramp expectations as you go forward after the December quarter numbers, and is there incremental cost cutting initiatives that you guys are thinking about to help drive these margins potentially towards the mid teens to corporate averages?
Bob Hau: It is Bob. Good morning. We do have some incremental restructuring, as I mentioned our prior guidance included $75 million of restructuring; I would now raise that to 85. In the first quarter we spent $35 million. So, the action that we did have plan for the year, we pulled the trigger little bit faster, so well see some benefit of that in the latter part of the year as well as the increased spending. Thats not particularly directed at industrial; its more directed at data and devices where we have the product exits in corporate spending overall which impacts all of our segments from the BNS stranded cost. There is some additional activity and additional benefit in oil and gas that will obviously benefit industrial. Overall as we see volume recover and in particular, as we work through the final implications of the distribution inventory channel recovery in the second half of the year, you will see margins lift obviously at 11% in the current quarter with revenue down and in particular oil and gas high margin in channel -- distribution channel very high margin, you are seeing a negative impact that improves into the second half for year.
Amit Daryanani: And then just as a follow-up, the March quarter guide, I apologize if I missed this but you are looking at sales to be up rather nicely sequentially but the EPS guide -- the operating margins are implied to be down. Is there gross margin dynamic thats being up sequentially or is OpEx going to ramp up and if so, could you just talk about why and how much?
Bob Hau: There is a number of moving pieces as you move from Q1 to Q2, probably the biggest one, and Tom and Terrence alluded to this a little bit and I made a brief comment on it in my opening comments. Part of the benefit in Q1 was the timing of the completion of the SubCom program thats a very high margin as you wrap up a SubCom program; you typically record very good margins on that last guest [ph] spending there. And that is pure timing that was completed earlier. So, we saw the benefit in Q1 that holds directly out of Q2 and to some extent Q3.
Operator: Next, we will go to line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Question to Tom, the opportunity in auto seems intriguing in terms of you are talking about integrated products. So, just want to get some background there in terms of the technology pieces you have to offer, really as you interact with customers and suppliers kind of how you see the market evolving there and how you can play into that?
Tom Lynch: Of course in our core of connector business, we have an incredible range of products, and we are in every facet of the vehicle. And thats supported by almost 2,000 engineers facing the customers. So, you have this tremendous presence at every customer with a wide range of connectivity products. But we also of course now have sensors and a broad range of sensor technology. We have sealing and protecting products, we have relays; we have been doing integration on a very small scale for many years. And with the admen of the sensors in the product line, the ability to go into certain applications, not every applications but the more complex applications and pull three or four different products together which might have been handled by three or four suppliers before and integrate them into a sub-system, take that cost base weight and from a customers perspective, its one supplier to deal with. So, we have been doing this in the past but the addition of sensors into the product line has really opened up much more for us and we have had some very nice designing wins, I mean significant designing wins in the last six months that -- they wont start shipping probably for about a year and half to two years. Its this broad range of products and with all these engineers we have sitting in front of the customer. And we know the architectures almost as well as that customers and doing this for so long. And we have that many engineers, this deep knowledge, and they share with us what their kind of comp is. They are not just asking us for spec. They are telling us this is what we are trying to do. And that really opens it up for us to bring in a solution.
Craig Hettenbach: And just as a follow-up, certainly weve seen a lot of volatility and pressure in the equity markets, I am just curious as you look at your M&A pipeline and on the private side you are seeing much change, do you think there could opportunities, any thoughts on that for M&A?
Tom Lynch: As you know, I mean our strategy is around harsh environment, connectivity and sensors. So, we have a robust pipeline thats based on our product strategy. So, the last -- the first part of your question thats in a sense what drives our acquisition strategy. We are not just buying parts, we want there to be customer synergy as well. So yes, we expect -- last year, we acquired, closed acquisitions worth about $700 million of revenue. Our goal is to continue to plug in technology and products like weve been doing because with all this engineering presence, and all the sales and marketing presence in front of the customer, just think of us adding more tools into our tool bag. And thats what customers want. So, its a pretty powerful model we have. And as you know, we are selective. I mean we dont do that many. We look hard; we make sure that there is a good fit. But we have a pretty active pipeline. Terrence, do you want to add to that?
Terrence Curtin: No. I think Tom, you handled it well. And I think when you look at last year, and we did do for last year, certainly the big one for around measurements in the sensors as Tom talked about. Also in the medical space that is another example of a harsh environment application, leveraging the capabilities, as Tom talked about your first question Craig. So I think you are going to continue to see things like that. And I think when you think about the pipeline momentum we have, we feel very good about it. And I dont think there is anything that has meaningfully changed even with all macro backdrop as we look at the pipeline to sort of answer one element of your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Your restructuring charges incrementally are going up 10 million over here. But is that enough given that the near-term weakness in data and devices is really pronounced; organic revenues were down close to $90 million, its the largest decline in share dollar amount relative to much larger segments. Im curious, how you see this progressing, especially given that youre also divesting the CPD business? And I have a follow-up.
Bob Hau: Wamsi, the $85 million as I mentioned is a small increase. We did spend quite a bit of restructuring last year, particularly at data and devices proactively, got at some of the costs as we execute against those product exits that we initiated in the first part of 2015. We took a lot of restructuring charges and started actions. Then as we continued to execute against those exits and revenue declines thats whats driving some of the incremental spend. So, we got out in front of it early on in 2015, as we announce those exits and we continue to take out costs where appropriate.
Wamsi Mohan: And as my follow-up, so whats the margin trajectory that we should assume sort of ex-SubCom within data and devices? Should we be expecting some of these past actions to start to bear fruit from the margin front here through the next couple of quarters? Im assuming most of the operating margin improvement in those segments came from better SubCom performance in this quarter.
Tom Lynch: Hi Wamsi, this is Tom. I would say youll see it next year. The market outlook is pretty weak and were dropping -- were getting out of a lot of revenue; most of it is very, very low margin. But by the time we get through this years restructuring and the product exits, we expect that we will be in the build margin momentum. Because as youve heard us say before about two-thirds of the business is very good solid business thats the core kind of highly engineered products that we do, so next year; I wouldnt look for much this year.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thanks Tom.
Bob Hau: Wamsi, just to remind you, weve got product exits or the divestiture of the circuit protection business thats part of data and devices that will impact us in the second half of the year. We expect to complete that here in the current quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: A question Tom on your commentary regarding the distribution inventory correction that looks like its extending here another quarter. Are you getting a sense that sellout of distribution is stabilized and relatively normal or -- and there is just an inventory build that has to be reduced here or are you getting sense that sellout for distribution is still weak or maybe getting weaker?
Tom Lynch: Im going to let Terence to handle that one, he was just with that group.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Matt, good morning; couple of insights. I think when you look at it, one of the things that it was weaker, we actually saw the inventory come down as expected with our partner, but sell-through was a little weaker than we expected which is why we see supply chain correction happening impacting our channel partner. So, the inventory bring down in the first quarter on what they had was there with the sell-through was weaker. But we look at as also the direct order patterns that we see. And what we see the direct order patterns on terms that Tom talked about as well as what were seeing elsewhere, it does look like its going to be another quarter or so that were going to have our partners and expect that sell-through to improve. So, when you look at this quarter, we still expect it to be a weak sell-through quarter. I think when you take our segments like industrial, I think what we talk about, about this quarter well expect the same sort of next quarter from the channel element of it. So, theyre still being worked through and sell-through was a little bit worse than we thought.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, fair enough. It looks like some of the semiconductor suppliers that have already announced earnings have talked about that inventory correction having played out. They tend to lead by a quarter or so. So, that maybe encouraging. And just as my follow-up regarding the recent divestitures of BNS and then now the circuit protection business, are there other things that youre looking at to divest or is that pretty much done, specifically in the data and devices area where it looks like youre putting down and deselecting revenue, but are there other parts of that business that you could sell-off?
Tom Lynch: No Matt, you stated it well. Its much more around product line exits now. Now, were pretty -- we feel the portfolio is really strong with the 90% sensors and connectors, 80% harsh and even within the data and devices piece that I alluded to on the prior question, products that are in there are very good products, solidly profitable. So circuit protection was more of a standalone business. It was primarily in the consumer space. So, were pretty much -- I never say never because the world is always changing, but the heavy lifting is behind us.
Operator: From the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, thanks. Its Ryan filling in for Mike. I just had a question on the destocking that you guys are calling to and this next quarter. What are customers telling you guys that give you confidence that this is happening? And give a rough sense of how much destocking took up the overall orders and particularly in the industrial segment?
Terrence Curtin: Couple of things, what our customers are telling us, certainly weve seen, we have their orders with that increase. So as Tom highlighted both in transportation and industrial, we saw sequential order increases and that was driven by direct activity. When it comes into the actual destocking amount, we did think that was around $20 million in the quarter, actually inventory but the sell-through was a little bit worst than we expected, which is why we think its going to work through in this quarter. As we try to look at our channel partners, do have to get back to OEM demand that has come back into parity at some point.
Tom Lynch: What I would add to that Terrance is our actual orders from the channel partners were flat this quarter and they had been declining for three quarters. So, its one data point and as Terrance said earlier, weve got to see the sell-through pick up. And we feel like when you look at the direct business still growing albeit low growth that over time the channel converge with that. Now we are projecting it will converge into low growth with that based on the trends were seeing.
Unidentified Analyst: And just a quick follow-up; is there any material end market differences or product differences that explain the trend differences between OEM and distribution other than just destocking?
Terrence Curtin: Distribution is pretty broad-based, so the trend that we have actually seen has been broad based and thats why you see both the impact in the industrial segment and the communications segment. When you look at the direct business, it varies by end market dynamics. So certainly things like commercial aero are very strong, oil and gas weak, but on the channel side its pretty broad based. 
Operator: From the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research, your line is open.
Shawn Harrison : I wanted to dig into auto a bit. You guys have always been pretty pragmatic in terms of thinking about production rates and where the market is going and it looks like fiscal 16 will be a little bit better than you initially thought. But are we entering kind of a peakish production environment? I guess the real question is how long can you -- kind of the strength, can it last knowing that content is always going to be your friend but just wondering are there markets where you are concerned that they could be peaking in 2016?
Tom Lynch: Id say Shawn, couple of different ways to think about it. And you really got to do it almost by region, right, because Europe has still not got back quite back to pre-financial crisis demand levels. The U.S. while calendar 2015 was a record level, its still slightly -- the average age of a vehicle is slightly higher than normal; if that would change dramatically, might get worried. And of course China is naturally slowing down but still going to be a pretty nice growth business in this 5% or 6% long-term. And if you just look at the emerging markets and how many people are coming into the middle class, the trends show get a nicer place to live and buy a car. So, we think those trends are pretty good. And auto production last year slowed a little bit from the prior year, this year its in the 2% range. So, it feels very hot when you are in the U.S. but globally its still a little bit below, the fiscal 2016 production rate is a little bit below its historical growth rate. And then on top of that to your other point, the content growth is just consistent in every part of the vehicle. And we dont see that slowing. And then on top of that the point I made in the comments about this integration. And it doesnt happen overnight but its real. I mean we are being pulled into dozens of opportunities to do this. And this broad product range of ours enables that. So there is multiple drivers. And then of course if the push stays on green, which I think it will, even though oil prices are very low right now, the content in a hybrid vehicle or electric vehicle is a multiple of an internal combustion engine. So, I think that the positive drivers far outweigh the negative drivers. I mean there will be cycles but its not like weve been in a boom cycle; its been over the last five years a little bit higher than normal coming off the prior five years being lower than normal.
Shawn Harrison: And then as the follow-up, I guess Im struggling with the flat sales in industrial for the year because the first half of the year understanding all the dynamics are probably be going to be down mid to high single digits year-over-year implying you need similar type of growth into the second half. And the direct sales within industrial I think you quote, it was up 3% here in the December quarter. And so there is an implication that we either see some restocking event or some acceleration of true underlying demand in the second half across the entire portfolio. And so I guess Im trying to dig into whether you expect any restocking in the second half of the year or where do you expect the demand to accelerate to even flat for the year?
Terrence Curtin: Couple of things, Shawn, I do think little bit high on an organic basis when you take currency out. So, when you do look at it, I think there are -- we also were impacted in our fourth quarter on the channel effect as well. So, there is little bit of a favorable compare but we do expect the overall direct business to be about plus 3%. We will get some of the anniversary effects. We do assume that our channel business will get back a parity where ran last year in the latter half. So, there is a little bit of a restock that happens in quarter four due to quarter four being very weak that we talked about last fourth quarter. So, there is a little bit of that effect that helps you get closer to flat. We do have com-air programs that are launching, which is an uptake as well as something in medical that are launches due to the medical side, and the program wins there. So, that are something that are little bit uppers in medical and com-air that help make it little bit rich as well as the distribution channel getting back to more normalized level, more like it was in the middle of last year than where it was in the quarter four on quarter time and certainly the quarter two time that we are in right now.
Operator: That will be from the line of William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein: First, I would like to dig a little bit into the sensors business, in particular in automotive. It sounds like these are integrating functions that might have already existed in the car. Is that a fair way to look at whats happening, and the dynamic in this part of your business maybe more of a share gain versus a competitor standalone sensor competitor in that area or is this more sort of new content?
Tom Lynch: Its a combination. Well, where we are seeing the most opportunity now is in the power train as customers evolve their power train and the ability to integrate in a subsystem, sensors, connectors, rounding, sealing et cetera. So thats where couple of our more exciting opportunities have been. But we think it will -- where you have sort of larger more complex content, thats where the biggest opportunity.
William Stein: And maybe you can help me also think about your share and your opportunity in that market. I think you have a very substantial share of automotive connectors and very small share in automotive sensors. Are you seeing any initial effect in sales, not just design wins but actual sales in that market today? And what do you think the pace of your share gains over the next several years?
Tom Lynch: I think it moves slowly. I mean no, its not in our sales yet. I mean we are selling at a high single-digit growth rate products we have in sensors. So thats playing out very nicely according to plan. I would say the design rate in some of the applications that were penetrating is playing out ahead of plan; some of them are more rich applications in the auto space. But it will take some time but you are right significant connector share. But by the way, we feel the opportunity continue gaining as we have been with the new applications we are bringing and very small sensor share because we didnt really have much of a sensor platform. But now with the acquisition, we have pressure, position, humidity et cetera, things we didnt have much of before. And we are getting design-ins across all of those in the auto space, industrial transportation space.
William Stein: If I can squeeze in one clarification, is the circuit protection revenue included in the March quarter guide or is that it is excluded from the full year, hows that working?
Bob Hau: We expect that transaction to complete in the latter part of Q2, so its -- in part of Q2, it is out for the second half for the year, essentially the drive of the reduced guidance on a full year basis.
Operator: Thank you. And that will be from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Just a couple of questions on margins, just looking at off of the base of gross margins you just reported, the 33.4%, you mentioned the bunch of different mix issues going forward distribution, SubCom, appliance, et cetera. How does the gross margin get affected, as we go through the rest of the fiscal year by all these mix changes coming and going? And then I had a follow-up.
Tom Lynch: Steve, there is always mix issues, both favorable and unfavorable. And in the current quarter, we are really seeing a negative mix on oil and gas into distribution channel in particular with the positive lift in the SubCom. The SubCom benefit in Q1 is a direct timing out of largely Q2 but also Q3. Oil and gas really assuming will continue -- really through the end of the second quarter when we start getting easier year-over-year compares and the distribution channel as Terrance pointed out, we have one more quarter of this inventory correction and lower point of sale to work through. So, you will see that improve into the second half for the year. You will also see lower FX impacts as we saw significant strength into the dollar really start in Q2 of last year. And so that year-over-year impact diminishes and of course you get the benefit of more restructuring savings and lower metal costs into the second half of the year that help lift the overall gross margins going forward.
Steven Fox: So, it sounds like, if you add all those up thats probably a lot of math to do right now, but that you have more tailwinds around gross margin than headwinds as you get into the second half of the year even excluding the volume pick-up?
Tom Lynch: Yes.
Steven Fox: And then just a quick follow-up question on the SubCom business. So, I understand timing had an issue to play here in terms of the margin impact but if you smooth out this quarter and last quarter in terms of volumes and then look to this double-digit growth youre talking about for the full year, where are the margins improving to in SubCom; how much increases coming through and where are they at versus maybe prior peak levels? Thanks.
Bob Hau: Yes. What we said on SubCom is at the $750 million, $800 million range we are at, we get into the double-digit range. As we see additional volume, if new programs were come into the force and if that volume were to ramp up say to $1 billion, which is really where we peaked in prior years, you start getting up into the Company average to 15%, 16% operating margins.
Steven B. Fox: Right. So all thats on track once we smooth everything out here.
Bob Hau: Yes. Obviously we saw better than that in the first quarter, and our full year guide is in that about $800 million range. So well see double-digit; we wont to be up, the Company average is here. [Ph]
Operator: That will be from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to make sure I understand the operating margin dynamics in the different segments. I think what you said was that transportation, the margins in the second half would improve to 20% to higher for operating margins; industrial would get better in the second half; and then for the comps business, it gets -- margins get worse in 2Q and 3Q. But I think youre implying that they get better in the fourth quarter and I just want to make sure I understood those dynamics?
Bob Hau: Youre exactly right Sherri on transportation and industrial, very consistent with what we were trying to describe earlier in the call. From a communications solutions segment, I think the way to think about it is if you just out the timing benefit of the completion of the SubCom program, we still see improvement on a year-over-year basis were in double-digits, just north of 10% operating margin. And well see that kind of negative impact of that into Q2, but then more in that 10% range in the second half of the year.
Sherri Scribner: And thats ex SubCom?
Bob Hau: Thats including SubCom.
Sherri Scribner: Including SubCom, okay, perfect. And then I was hoping to get some comments, Tom, in terms of the macro environment from you. I think you said the China is about as you had expected 90 days ago, but it sounds like most metrics are suggesting China is weaker. So I was hoping you could maybe provide a little more detail and maybe some detail on what youre seeing in emerging markets.
Tom Lynch: Sure. I mean China is our big emerging market by far. We do have business in Latin America and India, but China is the big one. China was down as we said year-over-year in revenue. It was up sequentially, flat in orders, up sequentially in orders, which is a good sign. And it came back faster than we thought. Now, its one data point. We have to see that continue. But we have the first sequential improvement in orders in a year. So that feels like a pretty good sign. I mean we expected that to happen in the second quarter and happening in the first quarter is encouraging. So that was a little better. If you go around the rest of the world, I think the U.S. in a way was a little worse, because of the industrial and the channel, and oil and gas continues to be down and as Terrance talked quite in detail about the channel. And then Europe continues to be steady, another -- I think its 6 or 7 quarters of growth in a row now in Europe. And we dont see any signs of that backing off yet. So versus 90 days ago, the outlook feels slightly better because of this industrial OEM orders increasing sequentially and China orders increasing sequentially. Of course this is -- its a key quarter for that to continue and to set up. We will get normal seasonal growth in the second half. So, weve been seeing our orders trend naturally the way they always do seasonally, as we get towards the second half of the year. But we expect them to pick up from the run rate, because of the correction, primarily in the channel and secondarily. If China continues where it was in Q1 orders would be in good shape for China for the balance of the year, even if it doesnt raise from there, stayed at that level. Terrence, do you want to add?
Terrence Curtin: Sherri, just one thing I would like to add and highlight is when you look at China, China is over $2 billion of revenue for us and 50% of that is around our automotive business. So, when we talk about our China trends. I know it was a little bit better in our transportation area like Tom talked about and certainly we see production increasing in China, I would say in the greater industrial and other spaces, its moving as we expected. It is a little bit more sideways orders are improving, but when you look at it overall, orders increased almost 10% from our fourth quarter to our first quarter, which is a significant step that we didnt see, as Tom talked about as our orders were stepping down quarter-over-quarter last year.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Sherri. Could we have the next question please?
Operator: And that will be from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you and congratulations to you and your team there. A quick clarification question and my follow-up kind of back to back on the clarification, you mentioned a second half improvement in industrial. I understand the inventory and distribution issues but what if oil stays at $30; Im not smart enough to know if its going to go higher or lower but if it stayed at $30, is that supportive of your second half recovery view; does that pose a risk or does that impact it at all? And then my follow up is on the timing of the stock buyback given the BNS sale. Can you help us understand the cadence that we should expect about that? I mean in one hand youve been very diligent and always bring back stock each quarter; on the other hand, one would say well why not do a big accelerated program, so you get a bigger EPS benefit sooner, especially given the recent stock price volatility? Thank you very much.
Terrence Curtin: Let me take the industrial question on oil and gas and Bob will take the share repo question. On oil and gas, one of the things that we have seen, certainly the program element of the oil and gas market, weve seen in our step down of revenue. So, like I said last year early in the year as well as year before, we would run about out 60 million a quarter. Our business as its come down and oil has been impacted, were seeing a lot of those large projects obviously not happening, and there is not being a lot of large projects being bid. The $30 million per quarter level that we have right now is sort of a maintenance type revenue level for us; its not big project build. So whether its 25, 35, 40, I do actually think thats a floor that were going to be pretty close to plus or minus little bit. So, I do think that element that we have in our forecast reflects current oil prices.
Bob Hau: Jim, on the share repurchases, our intention remains -- we expect to be completed with the return of the proceeds from the BNS transaction in third quarter. As you know, we looked at a variety of different mechanisms to return that cash, as we transitioned through -- between announcement and actual closure and came to the conclusion that that answer was open market transaction. There is a lot of reasons why an accelerated share buyback doesnt work for us, the easiest way to understand is were a Swiss company and rules are different for Swiss companies even though were registered on New York Stock Exchange and that makes an accelerated very difficult to do.
Sujal Shah: Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And that will be from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: The first question is on the automotive business. And I understand the long-term content opportunity but in 2016 given that you are seeing China stimulus targeted towards low end cars, are you seeing any short term mix effects that are headwinds for content in the near-term that you thought about?
Terrence Curtin: Mark, hi; its Terrance. Clearly size of engine does impact; its just not that meaningful. I think when we take the penetration that weve done in China, both with the local OEMs and the multinational OEMs and mix effect isnt what it used to be and it is reflected in our guidance. Certainly its focused at 1.6 liter engines and below, the stimulus. And whats good is we cover every OEM there and we have content on it. So, it is in our guidance but its pretty minor.
Mark Delaney: And then follow-up question for Bob on the potential tax settlement, if that does get finalized with the IRS, how should we think about both other income and the tax rate going forward?
Bob Hau: As you might guess Mark that gets really convoluted, really quick, I think the most straight forward answer to give you is the settlement is not yet final; its proposed; the two sides are largely agreed. Were working through a lot of nuances within the IRS to get that finalized. And at this point anything I would give you would be speculation and hypothesis. We are very comfortable, and as stated in the 8-K we are very comfortable that we are adequately reserved. And so there wont be an additional charge. And going forward, once the settlement is actually finalized, we will give some detailed guidance on the implication of other income and the go forward effect of tax rate.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Mark. It looks like we have no further questions. So, we thank you for joining us today. If you do have further questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. We hope you all have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, todays conference call will be available for replay after 10:30 am today until midnight January 27th. You may access the AT&T TeleConference replay system by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 381577. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 and enter the access code of 381577. That does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Lynch - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Terrence Curtin - President Bob Hau - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Wood - Macquarie Matt Sheerin - Stifel Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Jim Suva - Citi Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Joe Meares - SunTrust Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Steve Fox - Cross Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q4 earnings release conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full-year 2015 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch, President Terrence Curtin, Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will be using certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for opening remarks.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Sujal. Thanks everybody for joining us today. Over the next half hour, I will be providing a state of the company update, essentially a 2015 year-end review. I will also share our view of the economic environment in terms of what we see today and what we expect over the next year. Terrence Curtin, our President will discuss our business performance in detail. Bob Hau, our CFO will cover the highlights of Q4 and full-year financial performance and I will wrap up with the details of our guidance and key underlying assumptions. 2015 was a very important year for TE. We made excellent progress on our strategy of expanding our leadership position in harsh environment connectivity and establishing a leading position in the sensor market. Economic cycles will ebb and flow, but we believe the strong secular trend of electronic content growth has a very long runway, especially in harsh environments, where we have focused the company. TE has the broadest range of connectivity and sensor products and we are very well positioned to take advantage of this secular trend. During the year, we strengthened our position in harsh markets with a significant level of design wins across our harsh portfolio, most notably in our automotive business. We expect that over the long-term we will generate sales growth of 6% to 8% in our core auto connectivity products on 2% to 3% vehicle production growth, which is a forecast for the next five years. In fiscal 2015, we completed the integration of our Sensor acquisition. Our hypothesis underlying these acquisitions was that our unmatched presence across virtually every industry, coupled with the broad technology range we are acquired would enable us to grow faster than the market and eventually expand into integrated solutions. This is playing out very well in our designing pipeline is growing rapidly. In August of this year, we completed the sale of our BNS business for $3 billion, several months ahead of our original schedule. With this divestiture, our portfolio is now 80% focused on harsh environment applications and approximately 90% of our business is connectivity and sensors and we have strengthened scale in all the markets we serve. As Bob will share more detail and as we communicated earlier this year, we expect to use the proceeds of the BNS sale on share buyback, which we believe is a great $3 billion investment of our capital. Now please turn to slide three for some more details on fiscal year 2015. 2015 was a year of very good performance across the majority of our business. Organic sales were up 4% and were up 10% on a constant currency basis. This growth was driven by our harsh businesses and the beginnings of a new growth cycle in SubCom, which more than offset the declining revenue in our data and devices business as we reposition in that business. Adjusted earnings per share of $3.60 was up 9% and up 19% on a constant currency basis. We delivered 80 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion on 4% organic growth exceeding our long-term model of 50 basis points of operating margin expansion on 5% to 7% organic growth. Adjusted operating margins exceeded 16% for the first time, reflecting a healthy portfolio and strong productivity performance driven by our TEOA business process. We also continued our balance and disciplined approach to capital allocation, returning $1.7 billion to our shareholders. We increased the dividend by 14% this past March and repurchased 18 million shares. Now please turn to slide four for a summary of Q4 results. Q4 was a challenging quarter as we saw further slowing of orders since our last call, reflecting weakness in China slowing in most of our industrial markets. Revenue of $3 billion was flat on an organic basis and up 6% on a constant currency basis, but slightly below our guidance range. Adjusted EPS of $0.90 was up 2% over the prior year and up 15% on a constant currency basis and at the low end of our guidance range. Please turn to slide five for brief overview of Q4 order trends, which will help frame our segment results and guidance. This slide shows our fourth quarter sequential order trends. As you can see orders dropped significantly in Q4 and declined roughly $200 million versus our expectations when we provided Q4 guidance in July. We typically see a seasonal decline, but this was much larger than expected. China orders fell for the third consecutive quarter and are now running almost 15% below last year's rate with the slowdown impacting all markets. We also saw a significant decline in global industrial orders due to a generally weaker growth outlook and the resulting typical contraction of inventory, both with OEMs and in the distribution channel. Recent order patterns and feedback from customers indicate that the majority of this slowdown appears to be a near-term adjustment due to lower levels of demand as opposed to a more profound downturn. And reinforcing this, we are not seeing cancellations or de-booking of orders. Looking forward, we expect continued economic growth in both the U.S. and Europe and as a result, would expect the industrial and distribution inventory correction to be largely behind us by the end of our second quarter. China is a bit harder to call as the Chinese economy is going through several transitions and is being impacted by the slowing industrial growth rate in most of the world. But China does continue to show strength in its consumer driven economy and our assumption is that our China businesses will bottom in Q1 and will return to growth in the second half. And it was very encouraging to see new car sales in China return to growth in September. With that backdrop, I will now turn it over to Terrence to cover each of our businesses in more detail.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Tom and good morning, everyone. If you could please turn to slide six for me to review transportation solutions. Overall our transportation solutions segment performed very well in fiscal 2015. Revenues of $6.4 billion was up 4% at both actual end rates as well as organic rates. Our adjusted operating margins were 20.4%. Once again we delivered growth above the market due to the secular driver of content growth, along with new platform wins across our global customer base. In the fourth quarter, revenues in the segment grew 2% organically. Our auto business grew 3% organically in a flat global vehicle production environment. Growth in the auto business was driven by Europe and the U.S. as well as Asia Pacific outside of China. Our sales in China during the quarter were essentially flat. Our auto business is exceptionally healthy with a rich pipeline of new platform ramps from design wins generated over the past several years that will continue to drive growth well above the market. From an order prospective, during the quarter we did see the slowdown in China we discussed last quarter and our order stabilized in the fourth quarter with the third quarter levels. These order trends, however, will affect our first quarter sales as China was very strong in the first quarter last year. For 2016, we expect China vehicle production to be up only 2% compared to 2015 and longer-term we expect China auto production growth in the range of 5% to 7%. As expected, our commercial transportation business was down in the quarter due to the continued weakness in the global construction and agricultural markets with Europe being the only bright spot where we had growth in that market. We do expect the commercial transportation market will remain weak in 2016. In our sensors business, we continue to build momentum and deliver strong performance. If you assume we have owned Measurement Specialties and AST in 2014, our total year-on-year organic growth in sensor would have been 12% in the fourth quarter. We have new design wins and a solid pipeline with the technology leaders in automotive, industrial and consumer markets. And to support the design win momentum and continued growth ahead of market, we expect to continue to invest aggressively as we build scale, supporting new design wins and adding to our unmatched customer facing sales and engineering resources. And finally, on an adjusted operating income level, the segment's income was $306 million in the fourth quarter, which was approximately flat with the prior year as we expected. If you could please turn to page seven so I can discuss industrial solutions segment. As Tom mentioned, we saw a slowing across several of the markets in the segment during the fourth quarter. When you look at the segment, 2015 started well but became more challenging as we moved through the year. The overall industrial market space slowed as a result of the oil and gas market decline and then by China slowing later in the year. To illustrate the trend we experienced, our organic growth in the segment was 4% in the first half of 2015 and in the fourth quarter we just experienced a decline of 7%. For the year, segment revenue of $3.2 billion was down 4% overall and flat on an organic basis, while adjusted operating margins were 13.5%. Geographically markets were mixed with organic growth in Asia, offsetting declines in the U.S., that were driven primarily by the oil and gas declines we experienced of 30%. From an end market perspective, the commercial air and medical markets do remain strong. The defense and energy and this energy does not include oil and gas remains flattish. And the real area that has slowed since our last call is the general industrial space with lower demand for factory equipment in connection with China's slowing. Our orders in the fourth quarter, as Tom highlighted, do reflect supply chain adjustments that are current both at our OEM and distribution channel partners. During the quarter, revenue in the segment declined 7% organically year-over-year versus an assumption of low single digit decline when we provided our guidance in July. Industrial equipment was down 3% organically in the quarter with 11% reduction in orders as we began to experience the effects of the slowing both in China and in the U.S. with our OEM and distribution partners. In our aerospace, defense and oil and gas business, we continue to see strength in commercial air that is partially offsetting an approximate 40% decline in our oil and gas business that results in an 11% organic decline for AD&M in total. For our energy business, it did decline 5% organically in the quarter driven entirely by China, while the Americas and Europe remained stable. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $110 million in the fourth quarter, which was down 23% year-over-year, due to the sales decline, currency translation and significant declines in our higher margin oil and gas and distribution business. Please turn to slide eight so I can talk about communications solutions. Our communications solutions segment is a tale of two businesses in 2015, with growth in SubCom more than offsetting the planned declines as we continue to reposition our data and devices business. In the fourth quarter, revenue for the segment of $684 million was up 1% overall and 5% organically. Adjusted operating margins expanded 450 basis points exceeding 10%. And this strong operational performance is led by the SubCom growth from our program wins and restructuring savings that we have been driving in data and devices. 2015 was the beginning of a multiyear growth cycle for SubCom, with revenues just above $700 million. Based on the timing of the ramps of new projects, we expect to generate annual revenues between $700 million and $1 billion through this multiyear growth cycle. Our current backlog of programs in force is approximately $1 billion which reflect the completion of a large program at 2015. For 2016, we expect to grow SubCom high single digits year-over-year based on the timing of the project ramps and projects we see in the pipeline. And lastly, in the fourth quarter, our data and devices and appliance businesses were both affected by China slowing and the supply chain adjustments by our distribution partners, which are expected to last through our March quarter. Additionally data and devices growth was impacted by product exits initiated in 2015 as part of the repositioning effort. These product exits will impact revenue by approximately $30 million per quarter in the first half of 2016 and then tail off in the second half. Now let me turn it back over to Bob to cover the financials.
Bob Hau: Thanks, Terence and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide nine. It will provide more details on earnings. Adjusted operating income was strong at $488 million, up 12% in constant currency, including $60 million of foreign currency headwinds, operating income was flat with prior year. GAAP operating income was $407 million and included $11 million of acquisition related charges, $28 million of restructuring charges driven by data and devices, as well as oil and gas and $43 million of other charges related to the BNS divestiture. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.90 for the quarter, $0.02 above prior year with strong operational performance on lower sales, incremental benefit from share buyback and negative impact of currency exchange rates. GAAP EPS was $0.34 for the quarter and included acquisition related charges of $0.03, expense from tax items of $0.40 and restructuring and other charges of $0.13. For the full year 2016, I expect approximately $75 million of restructuring charges. We ended 2015 with a full-year GAAP income tax rate of 21.4% and an adjusted effective tax rate of 22.3%. I expect the full-year adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 23% to 24% for 2016. Now turning to slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 32.5%. It was negatively impacted by lower volume and lower sales of high margin products, including those in the distribution channel. Adjusted operating margins expanded 50 basis points driven by productivity from TEOA, restructuring savings and cost management. Total operating expenses were $482 million in the quarter and down 9% from the previous year, primarily driven by benefits of one-time expense reductions and overall cost control. We are making reductions in discretionary spending, but also continue to invest in harsh businesses as we see the slowdown as temporary. As a result, we do expect operating expenses to rise sequentially in Q1 as we get back to a typical quarterly run rate. In the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $540 million and our free cash flow was $389 million. On June 4, 2014, we received $100 million benefit from the sale of an underutilized asset which impacts the year-over-year comparisons with the cash flow. Gross capital expenditures were down $15 million year-over-year and expect capital spending rate to be approximately 5% of sales for 2016. We continue to have a balanced capital allocation strategy. In 2015, we returned $1.7 billion to our shareholders of which $759 million was returned in Q4. During the quarter, we bought back 10 million shares, roughly half of which came from the proceeds of the Broadband Networks divestiture. Since 2007, we reduced our outstanding share count by approximately 20% and expect to continue reducing share count in 2016. Now we have added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. I will turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to slide 11 and I will cover guidance at a high level and we do have some additional details provided in the slide deck in the back. As we mentioned earlier, in the last 90 days we have seen demand further weaken particularly in China and across many industrial markets. This drove the weak Q4 orders I discussed earlier and translates to a soft Q1. We now expect Q1 revenue of $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion, down 8% from the prior year and adjusted EPS of $0.72 to $0.80, down approximately 15% year-over-year. We do expect continued growth in the U.S. and European automotive market, commercial aerospace and in SubCom. This will be more than offset by broad-based inventory reductions in the channel and continued softness in China. Q1 is also impacted significantly by negative FX translation which is more than offsetting the benefits of the share repurchase on EPS. Please turn to slide 12. For the full year, we expect revenue of $12.4 billion, up 1% versus the prior year and reflecting 3% organic growth at the midpoint. Our adjusted EPS guidance is $4, representing a year-over-year growth of 11% at midpoint. Our guidance does include the impact of a 53rd week in our fiscal year, which includes approximately $200 million in revenue, $0.05 in EPS. It also includes the benefit of share buyback and the negative impact of currency exchange rates. On a constant currency basis, revenue is expected to grow a little over 4% and adjusted EPS is expected to grow by 14% year-over-year. Our full year outlook is based on the following market and regional assumptions. In transportation, we expect mid single-digit actual and organic growth. We are assuming that global auto production is roughly flat year-over-year with the first half being down slightly and the second half up 1% to 2%. We expect China to return to approximately 2% production growth in the second half. Longer-term, we do expect China auto production to be in the 5% to 7% range. We expect another year of strong growth in our sensors business and we expect that the commercial transportation market will remain weak. In industrial, we are assuming low single digit actual and organic growth. We assume that global industrial demand stabilizes in the 1% to 2% growth range and as a result inventories come into balance by the end of Q2 ending the negative supply chain effect on our business. We are also assuming that the oil and gas markets remain weak. In communications, we assume low single digit actual and organic decline, with growth in SubCom and appliances being more than offset by product exits in data and devices as well as continued China weakness. By region, we assume that the overall U.S. and European economies continue to grow albeit slowly and that China begin to level off and return to growth in our markets in the second half. I mentioned earlier, we have already seen some pickup in auto sales and the government is recently taken some additional stimulus actions in China. We believe that the core driver of growth in China, the rapidly growing middle class will continue. Our guidance assumes current currency exchange rates and as the year goes on we have much less of a headwind from FX translation and an increased earnings tailwind from our share repurchase program. Although this is a sluggish time in many markets I feel the company has never been better positioned with clear leadership across attractive harsh markets, a very focused portfolio, strong balance sheet and multiple levers to drive accelerated EPS growth. We have established a strong track record with 13% comp on annual adjusted EPS growth from 2012 through the midpoint that we are guiding for 2016. Constant currency terms will demonstrate a strong double-digit EPS growth in each year. I think all the actions we have taken to transform the portfolio drives TEOA across the businesses and focus on harsh environment connectivity and sensors is really starting to pay off. Fundamentally we view we are in a couple quarters slow down here and expect to get back to strong performance in the second half of the year. So with that, why don't we open it up for questions. Cynthia, could you give the instructions for Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will go the line of Amit Daryanani. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Prefect. Thanks a lot. Good morning, guys. Two questions for me. One, maybe just looking at the fiscal 2016 EPS guide, I think at the midpoint you are implying about $0.40 incremental EPS year-over-year on probably no revenue, about 1% maybe, right. Could you maybe talk about, if I think about the $0.40 EPS uptick, how much of that is going to come from operating margins or whole levers versus buyback deals that you have are probably some kind of a split between the two?
Tom Lynch: Hi, Amit. I think kind of three key drivers. We certainly get a nice lift and Bob will talk a little bit more later on, I am sure, from the buyback in the first half of the year. We still have to overcome the negative impact of translation. We don't really see net impact of buyback or translation in any significant way until the second half. And our second half assumes we get back to low to mid single-digit growth rates, which we expect will power operating earnings improvement. So it's a pretty significant contribution from the buyback, lesser contribution for the full year from operating margin improvement. In a flat year, we expect that the relatively flat at the OI margin, but up in the second half over prior year.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then, Tom, Terence, you both seem to be fairly convinced that this is more of benign inventory correction and things should start to normalize in a quarter or so. I guess I assume you can talk about, are you seeing the different book-to-bill auto trajectory between what you see in the channel versus OEM that gives you comfort that this is more of an inventory correction versus a bigger demand vacuum that maybe we are getting into?
Terrence Curtin: Let me take that, Amit. Good morning. When you think about it, we did see and as I talked a little bit in the industrial overview I gave, we did expect through our channel partners, it would probably be pretty flat in the fourth quarter and actually their activity, through their point-of-sale and what we saw was probably more down mid-single digit which then clearly creates pressure on them trying to get their inventory back in position. We did also see OEMs, especially in places like the United States that we did see the slowing, move a little before that earlier in the quarter. So we have seen the traditional OEMs start and the channel partners and when we look at it, it feels very similar back in 2012 and 2013, where we had a similar phenomenon where you had stepped out in growth that occurred and then clearly supply chain start to correct. The other area that we are expecting a channel correction is in China auto. I think when you look at the order comments I made and where China those orders stabilize, but we are getting impacted in the first quarter as that growth of that market slows down from what used to be a 10% production environment to 2% production growth environment. So there are a lot of signals. On that, I would say our orders in October are sort of where we expect them to be versus the forecast we have given. So it does seem to have stabilized, but we have to see. I think when it comes out is certainly the big wildcard.
Amit Daryanani: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And that will be from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Tom, can you elaborate on what you are seeing in China, particularly as it relates to the auto end market? Maybe if you could share some clarity on what the trends have been you to the extent that you can see between like Tier 1, Tier 2 cities versus lower tier and domestic versus multinational corporations? And I have a follow-up.
Tom Lynch: Sure, Wamsi. I was just there a couple weeks ago. Imagine, spent a lot of time with our auto team. So the macro trends is early in the year, this calendar year, we began to see the growth rate of registrations decline and production follow that. There was a couple of blips up and down through the year. But I would say, form March on a pretty steady decline through July. And a lot of folks think that's in reaction, a little bit of the slowing of the economy, I think the great uncertainty and then of course the volatility in the China stock market where individuals have quite a lot invested. But what we have seen recently is registrations picking up and I think on the verge of the third month in a row of registrations picking up, which is a really good sign. In some ways not surprising because you still have a lot of positives in the China economy. The growth of the consumer and services sector, which the government has been trying to accomplish for a long time and now that's the biggest sector of the economy and that puts a lot less volatility in the economy. It also continues to drive significant wage growth as people move from the interior into the city. In terms of demand between the Tier 1s, Tier 2s, Tier 3s, I think we will see that three and four cities growing faster just because there has been a lot less car purchases there over the last three to four years and those cities, they are growing faster than the Tier 1s and Tier 2s. And in multinational versus local, a little more momentum in the local customers lately. They have a very nice fleet of SUVs and SUVs has become very popular in the last year. For us, we are strong across all the OEMs there in the Tier 1. So a switch between multinational and local doesn't really affect us. And in fact in the last big downturn, we did a lot of things to get much closer to the local suppliers and we provided more services to them than the typical connectivity supplier would and that served as well and got us a lot of designing over that time. So shifting trends, but when you really translate that back into content per vehicle in China, it's still moving up. There isn't a big change in the content per vehicle. We continue to see the fundamental trends, the more electronics. And people want to own cars. So this recent trend is very encouraging as its ramping pretty nicely from registration level in July to registrations level in October.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Tom I appreciate the color there. And then one for Bob really quick. Bob, is there a way to think much of that EPS benefit or margin benefit year-on-year's coming from a commodity tailwinds if you could quantify that for all of 2016, that would be great. Thanks.
Bob Hau: Yes. I think the best way to think about it, first off is, certainly we are seeing improvement/tailwind in a number of our commodities, the largest one, the biggest to move is copper. So we are definitely anticipating improvement year-over-year on that. What does moderate that, of course, is we have a hedging program and so you don't see big moves or shocks to the up or down side of our commodities. So I would say, we expect probably$0.08 to $0.10 benefit in 2016 over 2015 as some of the hedging that we put in place throughout 2015 feathers in over the next 12 months.
Wamsi Mohan: Great. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Wamsi. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: That will come from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Mike Wood: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. It would be very helpful if you could quantify the gross margin impact from the destocking in this quarter and then your fiscal first quarter 2016, just so we can get a better understanding of the underlying gross margin trends?
Bob Hau: Good morning, Mike. Yes. I think the way to think about it, as you saw in the slides in my opening comments, we definitely a decline in gross margin. That's been a key tenet of our operating performance over the last several years and it is still very nicely from where we were two or three years ago. What I think we are experiencing in Q4 is not only the impact of distribution in particular, but overall volume, revenue down on actual basis 3%, organically flat. You see that impact flow through the factories in terms of absorption of cost when you get that quick reduction. Additionally impacting is not only the declines in distribution, which is a higher gross margin business for us, but also things like oil and gas and commercial vehicle. So all three of those distribution, commercial vehicles and oil and gas are better than company average margins and that creates, use a four letter word, mix issue for us but certainly something that as the distribution channel recovers, as we see that inventory correction improve in the second half year, we will see those gross margins come back.
Mike Wood: Okay. Can you also given us the amount of TEOA operating margin improvement factored into 2016?
Bob Hau: So I think as I mentioned, we see the gross margin and the operating margins improve on a year-over-year basis in the second half, as certainly there is benefits of TEOA, there is benefits of the volume coming back, as well as benefits of some of the restructuring actions we have taken. I think in our opening comments, we did mention, we don't expect commercial vehicles to rebound. That's been a tough market for the last few quarters. We expect that to continue. Same with oil and gas. I think the distribution channel will help keep a lift but certainly continue to drive productivity through TEOA and the metals benefit will also impact gross margins, as I said earlier in response to Amit's question.
Tom Lynch: And Mike, I would just add one thing about TEOA. If you were to go back before we use, we really had TEOA well established in the company. We typically did not offset price erosion with productivity. So we are very dependent on the volume to carry margin improvement. One of the reasons we are up 400 basis point, some of it is certainly the portfolio and some of it is because now TEOA is offsetting typically the 1.5% to 2% price erosion. So it's a significant contributor to that margin growth. So that when we do get the 4% volume growth, which six or seven years ago would not produce 80 basis points of margin improvement, now has enabled us drive 80 basis points. So it's subtle and it roving in there, but it's very, very significant. And of course the key thing with TEOA and it's primary purpose of it is to drive customer experience and drive high quality, which we generally get the best marks for the industry and high on-time delivery. So it's just really served as well as we have driven this across the company.
Mike Wood: Okay. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Mike. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: That's from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thanks and good morning. A question regarding your comments on the communication solutions and your intent to deselect revenue and I think you talked about $30 million in the next couple of quarters. What does that translate in terms of annual revenue run rate? And what does that do to the margin structure of that business? And are there related restructuring charges or costs that you plan to take out there?
Tom Lynch: Yes. So Matt, a few of us can probably answer this question for you, part of our core strategy has been to reposition the business around the products that really have margins. The power products, miniature products, the high-speed products which we are best at and move away from the commodity products. So to kind of put it perspective, we took out almost $200 million worth revenue in 2015 and we held the profit in that business. And that was a negative margin business. It was very low margin business. We just felt it wasn't strategic in any way and had very little prospect to improve margins. So the cost actions we took to enable us to maintain profitability at the same level with $200 million plus margin, I think hopefully that gives you a perspective of where we are going with that business.
Terrence Curtin: I would also add, Matt, it's Terrence, when you look at next year, I mentioned there will be $30 million of a headwind in quarter one and quarter two, that will tail down probably for the year, about $90 million in total. It really ties in to when we talked last year about the combination of our Datacom and devices unit as we got that focus. So Bob, if you want to talk to charges.
Bob Hau: Yes. I think, Matt, I mentioned that we have got about $75 million of restructuring charges anticipated in 2016. A good portion of that is associated with actions we have got underway in data and devices. As you recall, last year 2015, we also had significant restructuring charges. We spent on a full year basis, about $93 million. 60%, 65% of that was the data and device business units. So we are definitely aggressively attacking the cost structure as well as [indiscernible] benefit impact continues in 2017 and beyond.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. That's helpful. And then regarding the commercial transportation business. You talked about that continuing to weaken next year. Obviously you are starting off of a pretty low base and tough comps year over year, which will get easier at the end of your fiscal year. But are you expecting that to bottom in the next quarter or so and stabilize? Or will that continue to weaken?
Tom Lynch: No. we expect the market to remain weak and I do think we expect some bottoming around middle year. But overall we are expecting growth in that market for the year.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. That's it for me. Thanks a lot.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thanks, Matt. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And that will be from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Shawn Harrison: Good morning. I was hoping to talk about the buyback just in terms of how much is left and maybe if you could walk us through the cadence of the buyback expected through the end or I guess throughout the next couple quarters? And when you think you will be done with using all the proceeds from the BNS sale?
Tom Lynch: Yes, Shawn. Good morning. We started the share buyback in the fourth quarter. We closed the deal at very end of August. So the month of September, we were in the market. For the quarter, we spent about -- we returned about $625 million. About half of that was the proceeds from the BNS transaction. So call it $0.7 billion or so left. And I think the way to think about it is, we will exhaust that. We will have completed that return probably by the end of third quarter of this fiscal year.
Shawn Harrison: And to be clear, that's in addition to the consistent cadence have of $150 million to $250 million a quarter, which you have targeted previously?
Tom Lynch: The money become pretty fungible one it hits the bank account. We have got the cash now and there are some practical limits to how many shares we can buy in a given quarter or a given day with some, the 10b-18 rules. So I think the way to think about it is the BNS proceeds get returned in the first three quarters and then fourth quarter we look to get back into the more normal phase.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then maybe just another way to ask the inventory question. Is there any way to parse out how much of the decline in bookings you saw exiting or for the quarter, that was tied to inventory corrections, be it either at the channel level or the OEM level versus just weaker general demand? I know it ends up being mixed a bit. But any clarity there probably gives us greater confidence in this back half ramp.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Shawn, it's Terrence. When you look at it and certainly to your point, it does get mixed when you look at the math patterns. But we estimated both through channel and OEM ordering we think it's a little shy of $100 million. So probably in that $75 million to $100 million range, certainly spread across China, as well as our OEM and distribution partners.
Shawn Harrison: Thanks so much, Terrence.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Shawn. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And that will be from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Tom, there still seems to be questions from investors in terms of buyback versus M&A and you are going to go through the proceeds of BNS to use that to buyback stock. But can you just talk about your balance sheet, your cash flow and the optionality you have for doing potential deals and also what the deal environment looks like today?
Tom Lynch: Sure. I think we feel very good as the highest level with a strong balance sheet, strong ongoing cash flow generation and especially a lot of cash in the bank now, the ability to return the BNS cash and to continue the two-thirds, one-third capital allocation, we feel like we have enormous flexibility. There is a nice pipeline that we have and it's very focused on harsh businesses, as we have dedicated many times. And I think the way to think about it, it wasn't that long ago, we spent $2 billion on the sensor acquisitions and the oil and gas acquisition and they quickly went back into normal share buyback and then we did the BNS deal and now we are into much bigger share buyback, I think what all that says is, the broad strength of the company gives us a lot of choices. If you go back a few years ago, when we met $2 billion on Deutsch, we went a couple of quarters without buyback, but then went right back into it. And then had a year of a lot of buyback, almost all of our cash flow going to buyback. So I think that we are pretty confident that while M&A may take precedence in one quarter and buybacks in another that over a couple year period, that two-thirds, one third, really fits with our business strategy, first and foremost. So just to reiterate, we look at our strategies, the areas we want to lead in, the products that we want to add to our portfolio so we can take advantage with our scale, that's what drives our strategy and our M&A pipeline and then we balance that against where we believe this company has a lot of value creation ahead of us and it makes sense to use a fair amount of our cash flow to take back shares. So I think you could continue to expect a very balanced approach here operating within this two-thirds, one-third framework that we have. And whenever there comes a point that we need to change that, we will give plenty of advanced notice, but it's been working very well for us.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. Thanks for the color. And as a follow-up for Bob, when you think about the SubCom business, the growth into fiscal 2016, can you touch a bit on the margins? I know typically as those programs ramp in force, the margins improve over the course of the programs. So can you touch on that?
Bob Hau: Yes. The way to think about it is, in this $700 million, $800 million range, we are nicely into double digits, low teens. As we approach $1 billion over the next several years, depending on the timing of new programs and how quickly those ramp up, you can expect us to get up in the company average operating margins.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Craig. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And that's from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much. A question regarding the industrial solutions segment which, in my mind, has quite a bit of area for improvement. When we think about the decline in sales versus the decline in operating margins, obviously there's leverage there that's going on in a negative manner and things like that. Is there anything to believe that if we were to see the exact opposite, that margins shouldn't rebound right back up to where they were prior to that decline? Or is there something going on within the business? The reason I ask is, with actual down 12% in sales, organic down 7% and seeing operating margins down 23%, that's kind of quite a big deleveraging. So I am just wondering if there's anything in addition we should be aware of? Or if indeed sales at some point were to improve and say be up 12%, should we be up right back to where we were the operating margins or even better, given TEOA?
Terrence Curtin: Jim, it's Terence. So I think you are thinking about it right. When we look at that segment, we do view that segment long-term should be above the company average. So from that framing we still believe that. I think when you look at the fourth quarter, clearly the revenue decline as well as oil and gas with some of the distribution slowness which are higher all sort of hit at once. That exasperated the margin. But when you look at it, clearly places like commercial air, industrial equipment, defense are above company average. So I do believe that as that comes back and we get through some of the destocking, you will see that market move back up and there will be an opportunity.
Jim Suva: Great. Thank you very much and congratulations to you and your team.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Jim. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: That will from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning and thanks very much for taking the questions. First question is a follow-up on the supply chain inventory reductions that the company was talking about. And I was hoping you could help us understand where you expect inventory of TE products to be at OEMs and distributors as you exit 1Q? And the reason I ask is, I am trying to get a better sense for what gives you guys the confidence for the revenue pickup in the remaining quarters of fiscal 2016, because even stripping out the extra week, it looks like you are assuming above seasonal quarter-on-quarter trends for the remainder of the fiscal year.
Tom Lynch: Yes. I think when we view this inventory correction, it's really a three quarter process. It started in Q4. Our current assumption is that it's the worst impacted in Q1, but still fairly significant impact in Q2. So it's going to take nine months. And we don't really have any big spring back baked in this year. So almost I think about it as, it kind of gets neutral in the second half of the year. So our second half isn't really thinking of a spring back. The way I would frame it, were you to think about how the year will progress, starting with Q4 of this year you have a negative impact from China, you have negative impact form inventory and the continued year-over-year negative impact of foreign exchange. The core markets, everything excluding that, running pretty steady. We go into Q1, it's a little worse on China and inventory. It continues at about the same negative impact year-over-year on FX. As you move into the second half of the year, our assumptions and we will have indicators over the next couple months, but our assumptions are inventories in balance as you end the second of the year, China has come down to a level where it should start growing again, because it come down quite a bit from where it was a year ago and FX is kind of a wash. The dollar could change, but if it stays at the current rate, it's pretty much a wash in the second half of the year. And the rest of the business, we are not expecting any miracle in the second half. We are expecting production growth to be 1% to 2% in the second half. We are expecting core industrial demand to be 1% to 2%. So they are not really, I don't think aggressive assumption and really reflecting what we are hearing from our customers. So that's the way I, at a very high level, think about how we expect our year to unfold based on those assumptions.
Mark Delaney: Okay. Appreciate that. As a follow-up question, something to talk about OpEx. OpEx was nicely down in the fiscal fourth quarter, below what I was expecting. Can you help us understand where OpEx dollars should be in fiscal 1Q 2016? And then to what extent there's still any excess OpEx associated with the BNS transition agreement and if you could quantify that?
Bob Hau: Mark, I think the way to think about it is, first of all, we very typically have a rebound Q4 to Q1 of OpEx spending. There is typically a ramp that you see in the first quarter of every fiscal year. So expect to see that and we certainly expect OpEx, in general, to return to more normal level in 2016 over what we saw in fourth quarter more normal than first three quarters of the 2015. In terms of the BNS transaction, we talked initially about what we refer to as stranded cost. Some of the cost of the central services that we have. We use that kind of revenue. You don't necessarily take out dollar-for-dollar from a cost standpoint. We are still in the midst of transition or transaction services, agreements with the buyer and that will be in place for up to help a few years, a couple of years. We don't expect them to last forever. And individual countries, individual activities will feather in an out and that will give us the opportunity to manage those costs as those TSA programs unwind.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: That will from the line of William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Joe Meares: Hi, guys. This is Joe Meares, calling in for Will. Thanks for taking my question. I just had two questions regarding meas and the sensor business. What inning would you say you are in with regards to margins going from being dilutive to the transportation segment to being accretive?
Tom Lynch: Well, I would say we are still in the early innings of that. As you know, we said it from the beginning, hypothesis was this will provide us accelerated growth in a market that we had a small beach at. That is definitely playing out as our design wins have been really great, even exceeding our high expectations and the core organic growth rate continues in double digits despite a sluggish economy. the margin, we expect will take a few years to move out. It's definitely dilutive, but still generating 20 points margin in that segment. We do have the dilutive effect of sensors, but there is a clear path as we bring our scale to this business to get those margins. First thing, get them above company average and then get them up near the transportation average. But we are in the early innings on that. That's going to take some time, because the design wins to turn into sales and then to take advantage of that and turn that into scale. It's very much tracking to our plan and we feel great about that that acquisition.
Joe Meares: That's helpful. Thanks. I guess as a follow-on, you did mention, the transportation operating margin looked pretty solid despite the weakness in commercial transport at over 20%. What's helping here? Is it mostly the restructuring stuff that you guys have done? Or maybe mix in the other businesses?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, Joe. There has not been restructuring going on in transportation other than what we did several years ago. There was a little bit of work that was done early in the year around the acquisition. But that was very small and definitely behind us.
Tom Lynch: I think what it is, it is the basic productivity and efforts around TEOA and in this business. We expect the business to be at or better than 20% operating margin. I know there were a lot of questions at the end of the third quarter, because it dipped slightly below that. We, at the time, said look, it was largely driven by a pretty significant decline in commercial transport. We see that again this quarter, but we see the 3% organic growth in automotive that's just continuing to push productivity across the business. IT has been and will continue to be our highest operating margin business.
Joe Meares: Great. Thanks, guys.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: That's from Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sherri Scribner: Hi. Thank you. Thank you for providing some of the detail on the linearity of your expectations for sales growth in automotive through 2016, but I was hoping you could give us some detail on your thoughts of the linearity of industrial sales as we move through fiscal 2016? What are your expectations? How much upside in the second half is baked in? And then following that, can you give us some sense of your expectations for operating margins in the industrial segment? Should we expect them to get back to fiscal 2014 levels? How should we expect them to progress through the year? Thanks.
Bob Hau: Sherri, it's Bob. I think the comments we made around the inventory correction has been in the distribution channel. You may recall that the largest segments that participate in the distribution channel is the industrial solutions business. So as we see that inventory adjustment work itself out in the first half of the year, you will see that improve towards our second half and get us better year-over-year growth rates second half over what we have got first half. That does give us, on a full year basis, a low single digit growth organically as those supply chain numbers work out. In terms of operating margin for the industrial solutions business, I do expect an improvement in 2016 over 2015 and probably not too far off to think back in the 2014 levels. That 3% organic growth gives us a volume into our factories and we have said for the last couple of years volume will help continue to work TEOA. We did some restructuring back in 2013, 2014 in this business. And as that volume comes back, we will see those margins improve. And I think Terrence, in an answer to an earlier question, we expect this business to be better than company average out into the future in terms of overall operating margin.
Sherri Scribner: Okay. That's helpful. I guess just to clarify on the growth you expect through the year, is the primary driver of weaker growth the inventory correction? Or do you see some overall demand that you think will improve in the second half?
Terrence Curtin: Sherri, it's Terence. I think there are a couple of things. So when you look at the first half, we are going to be impacted by the inventory as well as oil and gas. We will still have a little bit of a headwind on us in the first half, because of how that came down. So when you say that those two impacts will happen in the first half. When you look at the second half, like I said earlier, comm air side of the business, the medical part of the business, we do expect to be strong. But we do think the general industrial space did take a step down in growth. But we still think it will be growth once these inventory correction work out.
Sherri Scribner: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Sherri. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And that will be from the line of Steve Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fox: Thanks. One more question on linearity, if I could. Just to clarify in terms of your thinking from a broad standpoint, are you assuming that some of the growth rates that you are talking about for the second half of the year are achievable even if oil prices stay where they are and the U.S. dollar stays where it is, because that's obviously been affecting demand beyond just direct oil and gas segment.
Tom Lynch: Maybe one way to help put a little clarity, as we think of our portfolio, we see about 70% of the portfolio is going to solid mid single digit growth. And that's mostly our big harsh businesses like auto, commercial air, our sensor business for sure and SubCom. So when you put those together, we are going to have solid growth really through most of the year with the exception of Q1. We expect our industrial and our energy and appliance businesses to get back and work through the inventory correction start to grow in the second half. But we are not looking at, as I said earlier, miraculous growth. Kind of low single digit growth. And we expect industrial transportation, oil and gas, data and devices to be down year-over-year for the year. So I guess the answer specific your question, we are not assuming any benefit from something happening in oil and gas or any further worsening from oil and gas sure.
Steve Fox: That's fair. And then just one quick follow-up, given the timing of some of your acquisitions and the recent slowdown, I was just curious, have you seen any kind of unusual competitive behavior that you had to factor into your guidance for next fiscal year? Or do you feel like things, even with what's going on in terms of distribution, things are fairly well in check in terms of what you are using income from the contribution?
Tom Lynch: We haven't, Steve. And we monitor that kind of thing pretty closely. But I would say, no, I don't. It's such a fragmented industry with the exception of a couple of industries that we don't see any sort of competitor or two getting to progressive. I think basically the industry has gone through, a few industries have gone through a little pause, but most of these industries are still fundamentally healthy and it's essential for our customers to keep adding connectivity to their products for them to stay competitive. So that's this secular trend that is so beneficial to us and for example, we are not really seeing any change certainly no slowdown in the rate of projects we bid on, design activity our customers are bringing us in on. So we were not seeing any of that. So the fundamental drivers of the business are still very robust. Great. That's encouraging. Thank you very much.
Steve Fox: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Steve. It looks like there is no further questions. If anyone has any questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference call will be available for replay after 10:30 AM today until midnight November 4. You may access the AT&T TeleConference replay system by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 367168. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again,1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 and enter the access code of 367168. That does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Lynch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Bob Hau - Chief Financial Officer Sujal Shah - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Amitabh Passi - UBS Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs William Stein - SunTrust Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Jim Suva - Citi Ruplu Bhattacharya - BoA/Merrill Lynch Matt Sheerin - Stifel Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities Group Steven Fox - Cross Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q3, 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode and later well conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivitys third quarter results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of todays call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for opening remarks.
Tom Lynch: Thanks and good morning everyone. The following are the key takeaways from todays call: Q3 was another quarter of solid execution as we delivered $0.90 in adjusted EPS, up 6% from last year and above the high end of our guidance.  Adjusted operating margins continued to grow and we are up 50 basis points to 15.9% year-over-year. Organic growth was 4% and total growth was 11% excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange. Our harsh environment businesses continue to perform well and generate strong profitability and overall I am pleased with our execution in what characterizes the mix demand environment and well talk about that quite a bit on the call today.  Automotive, Sensors, Commercial Air and SubCom led our growth. However, revenue was below our expectations due to weakness in China and supply chain adjustments in some North American industrial markets. We saw order growth begin to slow midway through the quarter and order rates are now running about flat with last year.  For the fourth quarter we expect sales up 3% organically versus the prior year and adjusted EPS up 6% at the mid-point. For the full year we expect to deliver 5% organic sales growth and 10% adjusted EPS growth. This guidance is down from what we provided 90 days ago due to the continued weakness in emerging markets, particularly China. In constant currency, full year adjusted EPS growth is expected to be 19% year-over-year. We had another good quarter of strategic progress in our Sensor business with key platform wins in automotives, consumer and security application. Strategic rationale for the measurement specialties acquisition continues to play out very well and we are really excited about our prospects here. We now expect the Broadband Network Solutions sale to close in about 90 days earlier than originally expected and expect to use the year $3 billion of proceeds for share buybacks.  Now before I get into the details of our performance, Id like to provide some color on what has changed in the market environment from our views 90 days ago. From a macro regional perspective, Europe continues to grow and it looks better than it did to us 90 days ago. The U.S. is mixed with a bit lower growth than expected due to supply chain adjustments, lets say the U.S. looks a little worse, but we do think this is mostly supply chain related and China has weakened with softness becoming more pronounced.  From a segment perspective, transportation remains strong with the exception of China. In the industrial solutions segment we see some softening in China and supply chain adjustments in the U.S. market. Communications, data and devices and applications are seeing the impact of a weaker China market. The main them of market here is, we are seeing a weakness in China.  Now please turn to slide three and Ill go through a summary of our Q3 results. We delivered solid results for Q3 with adjusted EPS of $0.90 above the high end of guidance. Sales were $3.1 billion growing 1% year-over-year and up 4% organically, but weaker than expected as I mentioned earlier.  During the quarter we retuned $386 million to shareholders, which included $252 million in share buyback, significantly increasing the pace of repurchase from the first half of this year. Company orders excluding SubCom were flat organically at $3 billion with the book-to-bill ratio of 1.0, and basically orders ran at the same run rate excluding SubCom as they were in Q2, which was below, about $100 million below our expectation.  Out TEOA program continues to contribute towards higher margins and profitability. Adjusted gross margins were up 50 basis points year-over-year and adjusted operating margins expanded to 15.9% up 50 basis points versus the prior year.  During the quarter we continue to see strong performance in our harsh businesses with good organic growth in auto, sensors and commercial air. In our SubCom business we grew strongly year-over-year while having another program come in to force growing the total value of programs in force to $1.5 billion.  As I mentioned, our China businesses saw a weakening demand in the quarter and separately we also saw some inventory tightening in certain industrial markets in the U.S. Currency translation rates impacted Q3 by $296 million in revenue, that unfavorably impacted Q3 and $0.10 in earnings per share year-over-year, excluding the impact of currency exchange rate, adjusted EPS improved by 18%.  Now please turn to slide four for a summary of our guidance, which well also come back to later. For the full year we are projecting sales of $12.35 billion, up 3% from the prior year and 5% organically. We expect adjusted operating margins to exceed 16% with adjusted EPS up 10% at mid-point and nearly double that in constant currency. Our guidance assumes a 6% adjusted EPS increase in the second half versus last year.  For the fourth quarter we expect sales up 3% organically over the prior year and adjusted EPS up 6% at the mid-point of guidance. Given the weakness in China in supply chain adjustments I mentioned earlier, we are adjusting our full year guidance down by approximately $150 million in revenue and $0.04 in adjusted EPS. We now expect to deliver 5% organic growth and 10% adjusted EPS growth.  With the cumulative move of the dollar versus world currencies during our fiscal year, 2015 FX headwinds are approximately $925 million in revenue and $0.32 in EPS versus last year. If it were not for the impact of FX, we would be generating 11% revenue growth and 19% adjusted EPS growth year-over-year. All in all we are delivering a pretty solid year in what Id call a murky environment and well talk more about that as we go through the call.  Now Ill turn it over to Bob to cover the segment results and financials. 
Bob Hau : Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide five for Transportation Solutions. Revenue grew 4% organically in the quarter, in-line with our expectations. The automotive business grew 6% organically, with growth in all regions, while global vehicle production was down 0.3%. For the full year we continue to expect growth in excess of two times auto production due to share gains and increased electronic content.  Our Commercial Transportation business was down in the quarter due to continued significant weakness in the off-road vehicle market and weakness in the China heavy truck market. Sensors continue to outperform expectations and are gaining momentum with both existing and new customers. Assuming we had owned measurements and AST last year, our total year-over-year growth in sensors was 10% in Q3.We gained multiple new wins in automotive, consumer and security applications in the quarter. We continue to aggressively build this business and our unmatched customer pacing and engineering resources are a significant asset for TE as proven by our new wins.  Total transportation adjusted operating income was $317 million in Q3, down 2% year-over-year as expected, the strong operational performance offset by FX, weakness in commercial transportation and ongoing planned investment from sensors to support a growing pipeline of opportunities. Margins actually expanded year-over-year in each of our three business units; automotive, commercial transport and sensors. However the mixed caused by high sensors growth combined with weaker commercial transport revenue impacted the margin rate for the segment overall. In Q4 we expect to grow actual and organic sales in the mid single digits despite weakness in China in commercial transport, slightly lower than our prior expectations.  Please turn to slide six. Revenue in our Industrial Solutions segment declined 1% organically year-over-year versus an assumption of low single digit growth when we provided guidance in April. Industrial equipment business unit was up 1% organically, with growth in Europe offsetting weakness in the U.S.  In our Aerospace, Defense and Oil and Gas business, continued strength in commercial aerospace was offset by 37% decline in our oil and gas business, resulting in a 5% organic decline for AD&M in total.  Our energy business was flat organically as growth in China and the Americas was offset by declines in Europe. Adjusted operating income was $109 million in Q3, down 11% year-over-year, due to unfavorable FX and significant decline in a higher margin oil and gas business, more than offsetting improvement in commercial aerospace. In Q4 we continue to expect similar market trends as Q3 resulting in organic revenue decline in low single digits.  Please turn to slide seven. Our Communications Solutions segment grew 12% year-over-year on an organic basis driven by our strong position in the growing SubCom market. This more than offset market weakness across our China businesses, coupled with a planned exist of low margin products in data and devices.  Adjusted operating income of $71 million was up 163% year-over-year and adjusted operating margin more than doubled to 10.3% from 4.2% a year ago due to robust SubCom growth. Heading into Q4, we expect revenue to growth mid-single digits on an organic basis, driven by the SubCom projects in force. We now have five programs in force with the announcement in May of the New Cross Pacific cable network with the NCP consortium.  Please turn to slide eight, where Ill provide more details on earnings. Adjusted operating income was $497 million, up 5% versus the prior year despite significant FX headwinds. The growth versus the prior year is driven by our TE operating advantage efforts to improve safety, quality, cost and delivery, as well as volume leverage.  GAAP operating income was $469 million and included $18 million of restructuring and other charges, most of which were divested stipulated costs and $10 million were acquisition related charges in the quarter. Adjusted EPS was $0.90 for the quarter, $0.03 above the midpoint of guidance and $0.05 above prior year driven by strong productivity, restructuring savings and cost management. GAAP EPS was $0.85 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included acquisition related charges of $0.01, income from tax items of $0.01 and restructuring and other charges of $0.05.  For the full year 2015 I expect approximately $100 million of restructuring and other charges. This represents an increase from prior guidance, driven by product exits in data and devices and resizing for a smaller oil and gas business. We expect roughly $0.27 of restructuring and other charges and $0.18 of acquisition related charges which will more than offset reserve reversals of $0.33 from tax liabilities for the full year.  Turning to slide nine, our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33.6%. This is an expansion of 50 basis points versus the prior year, driven primarily by growth in the harsh environment businesses in SubCom and productivity gains from our TEOA initiatives.  Adjusted operating margins expanded 50 basis points driven by productivity, restructuring savings and cost management. Total operating expenses were $552 million in the quarter, with increases from acquisitions and RD&E to support growth in sensors. Cash from continuing operations was $524 million and our free cash flow in Q3 was $391 million. Free cash flow was impacted by the timing of tax payments in the quarter and both gross and net capital expenditures were down $30 million year-over-year. I currently expect the capital spending rate to be approximately 5% of sales for 2015.  Ill remind you weve added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. And now Ill turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to slide 10 and Ill cover our outlook at a higher level with additional details provided in the slide. Despite the softer market condition we are experiencing in China, we expect to deliver another solid quarter in Q4 with revenue of $3.1 billion up 3% organically year-over-year.  We expect adjusted EPS of $0.93, an increase of 6% year-over-year. Our Q4 outlook does include a significant headwind from currency exchange rates, which are negatively affecting our guidance by approximately $244 million in revenue and $0.10 per share in EPS versus the prior year.  Our fourth quarter performance will be driven by the continued strong performance of our automotive business and momentum in SubCom and contributions from our recent acquisitions. Industrial is expected to continue to be somewhat soft and will continue to be impacted by the uncertainty in China and ongoing weakness in oil and gas.  Please turn to slide 11. Note that the total impact of currency exchange rates for the year is approximately $925 million versus the prior year and $0.32 in EPS. To really provide a baseline for the performance of our business, revenue would be growing 11% and adjusted EPS would be growing by 19% year-over-year or not for the negative impact of the stronger dollar relative to other currencies.  Now before we open it up for Q&A, I thought Id just add a few comments that I think are really important about our company. TE is the world leader in Connectivity and Sensor Solutions and building a leading position in Sensor Solutions, which is a great place to be in the increasingly connected world. And kind of just stepping back, Q3 organic growth is higher than last year, a little lower than our guidance, but its higher than last year. Q4 is a little lower. They have different mix, but nonetheless we are delivering solid organic growth in the second half, in a pretty uncertain economy and growing very solidly when you include the harsh environment M&A that we did last year.  As I mentioned, we are growing earnings almost 20% on 10% constant currency growth. This was a big year to really support our harsh environment strategy and I think its working very well. And on that subject, the harsh environment businesses continue to perform well despite the recent weakness in China. Q3 and Q4 organic growth is in the 2% to 3% range and 4% plus for the full year and 12% at constant currency.  Over the last three years we grew the harsh environment business over $1.6 billion in revenue and thats including the foreign exchange headwinds. We grew the operating profit of those businesses about $500 million, again at current exchange rates and this portfolio now makes up about 80% of the company. And as we said before, the margins are well above company average. So I feel really, really good about the strength of our harsh business and the resiliency of our harsh businesses.  If you go back, this has powered about a 300 basis point improvement in operating margins since 2012. Sensors is a very exciting new growth platform with substantial sales and margin growth opportunity and were just at the very beginning of providing integrated packaging solutions. Its very, very early, but Ive talked to a lot of customers about this and the opportunity is real and will be another source of growth for the company. And the net of all this is, over the past several years weve really transformed TE into what Id call an industrial technology company. Overall I think though this company is performing very well. Were positioned very well. We do view the recent softness to be temporary. We dont have a crystal ball of course, but when we look at the fundamental drivers underlying all our businesses, we feel very good about them. It reinforces the strategy we have. That strategy is pretty straight forward and we look forward to continuing to execute it very aggressively and delivering solid performance across the company. So with that, were going to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a question from Amitabh Passi of UBS. Your line is opened.
Amitabh Passi: Hi guys, good morning. Tom I had a question and then maybe a follow up for the rest of the team. Just on your transportation solution segment, operating margins came in below 20%. I think you attributed part of that to mix weaker commercial transportation. It also looks like ongoing investments in sensors. I just want to get a sense whether we should expect that sort of level now to persist for the next couple of quarters and then as a follow up you intriguingly mentioned a few design wins in the automotive segment and sensors. I was wondering if you could touch on that and maybe provide a greater insight.
Tom Lynch: Obviously on the second question, we cant say too much as Im sure you understand, but as far as the margin goes, we expect the margin to continue to be in the 20% range plus or minus depending on mix.  As Bob pointed out, the three major segments in the business, all improved their margin year-over-year. Sensors margins are lower than industrial transportation and automotive as expected and thats why I mentioned its one of the real opportunity to continue to grow profitability as we scale that business. So we dont see anything short of a significant volume decline. I think when were running the 4% to 5% growth rate, we have the momentum to continue to deliver strong margin. So plus or minus 20% a little bit is what I would expect over the next several quarters.
Amitabh Passi: Okay. Can I squeeze another follow up there?
Tom Lynch: Of course.
Amitabh Passi: Okay, thanks. And then maybe just on the supply chain adjustments you talked about. Again, I dont know if you have any visibility or insight. I mean is this a one, two quarter phenomena. Just generally how you expect the supply chain and the potentially excess inventories to be digested here in the near term.
Tom Lynch: I mean we do have some insight, because we are large through the channel, right. So we have a very big business through the channel which serves tens of thousands, actually hundreds of thousands of end customers. So we feel like thats kind of a statistically sound base of information to look at and the channel was pretty robust in the first half just like our industrial businesses as everybody was expecting a little bit stronger second half and we have seen that tighten up. Weve seen it tighten up on sell through and sell-ins. I think the good news is coming out of the last big downturn, everybody in the supply chain is very glued together in terms of whats going on, so we react much quicker than we did.  Of course its hard to predict with a ton of confidence how long it will last, but what our forecast reflects is it starts to abate through the fourth quarter, our fourth quarter and that by the time we get into the first quarter it should be largely behind us from the industrial part of the business. Thats the kind of forecast, thats what were hearing from the market, so thats the best insight we have right now.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thanks Amitabh. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good morning guys. I guess to start off with, Tom I look at the guide you guys are providing right now, adjusting to that next scale wind, your sort of reducing your forward expectations for the full year by about $235 million, $240 million. Could you talk about how much of that is really due to the softness in China that youre talking about and how much of that is perhaps due to the product exist in data and devices that you guys are undergoing?
Tom Lynch: Amit, I think the way to think about that, the $240 million narrow before the tailwind from FX, is really a spread relatively evenly across all three of our segments; transportation, industrial and communications. All three of them are seeing the implication of slower China and then were also seeing the implication of the supply chain or inventory adjustments really in our industrial and appliances business in those last two segments.
Amit Daryanani: Got it, thats helpful. And then if I just think of the transportation segment with China slowing down, Europe seems to be holding up well to you guys so far. Im curious, whats your thought on  how much of your Europe exposure you think ends up as exports to China essentially and do you think that could be another level on concern you will have to contend with as you go down the next few quarters.
Tom Lynch: Well, just to put it in  our China auto business is now flat to slightly down. Its really the first time since probably the financial crisis and well thats what we got reflected in the fourth quarter. So we are definitely seeing less imports into China of high end vehicles. I think youve heard several OEMs report their outlook for their China sales. So were seeing some of that. I believe we have that reflected in our European automotive numbers.  We generally have pretty good visibility. Its again not perfect visibility, but weve taken our overall China numbers down quite a bit and I think it would be important to highlight that. Quarter-over-quarter were going to be down about 12% in China revenue; thats last years fourth to this years fourth and its pretty broad based as Bob said. And the overall $240 million that Bob referred to, about two-thirds of that is China and Latin America, of course China being the biggest piece.  It had been slowing; it slowed more abruptly. I think this is key quarter to see is that seems like maybe things are settling down over there now over the last few weeks. Its just now begun the bottom out and recover, because we think the core fundamentals of a large population, a growing middle class, growing incomes, urbanization, a place for all of our businesses, particularly where were strong, which is harsh environment and as I mentioned, harsh businesses overall are still growing slightly despite a broader slowdown in China.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Amit. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thanks. Just following up on some of the commentary on China weakness. Have you seen any change more broadly on the automotive side in terms of production forecasts you get. Like what OEMs are doing in this environment? Are they cutting back slightly to reflect that or any type of additional information on the production side would be helpful? 
Tom Lynch: I mean what were  with our customers at the OEMs are telling us is in the fourth quarter they plan longer than usual in China shutdown; a week, maybe some after two weeks, so theres definitely a goal to balance inventory throughout the channel, including cars on the lot. Now the inventories arent crazy. I think theyve been keeping them pretty tight there, but definitely reflect the slowing demand. 
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then if I could switch gears just to the MES, the commentary that that acquisition has gone well, any specific anecdotes you can talk about in terms of as you look to leverage that through your broader distribution channel, through you customer relationships. Like what type of upticks you are seeing from that as they potentially benefit from a much broader platform at TEL.
Tom Lynch: Sure. I think the broad anecdote, we cant get too specific yet as you know customers have their requirements, but a consistent anecdote is particularly in starting with auto and across several of our harsh environment businesses. We are spending a lot of time with customers where we bring in the product and technology express for measurement and get them into places where they couldnt get in before and were seeing a lot of bidding activity resulting from that, because they are really a fine, fine engineering and technology and product company.  I think as Ive mentioned on these calls before, we knew them quite well and certainly expected that and thats why we acquired them, but the deeper we got, the more engineers and applications engineers, we got to know the better we even felt about that, so where its kind of interesting. In some ways the biggest challenge we have is which one is the pick, because theres a lot of opportunities to pick one.  I mean as Bob mentioned we are ramping up our resources in a thoughtful way in that business, so that we can take on more and more design opportunities. But its pretty broad based. Id say that its definitely focused in the harsh, although we had some  we cant talk about it too much, but some really key wins in consumer that its very good business. Again, because these are highly engineered components and packaged in a way that they can perform their function no matter how they are treated by the consumer. So were pretty excited about that.  So Id say its been a good almost first year, about a year now of working with this team and the back end, bringing lien into the operation, figuring the best place out, where to make things, putting the organization together, thats all done, so we feel like that first year where your figuring things out and how do you best work together, how do you leverage strength but not turn off the small company, but I think Id give us very high marks for that and now were really going on the defensive whats getting in from of customers.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Craig. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning and thanks very much for taking the questions. The first question was just some clarification on the comments about some of the monthly trends that youre seeing with the business. Tom I understand you talked about seeing some weakness beginning during the June quarter and I think you commented that on a year-over-year basis bookings are pretty flat. Could you just clarify if youve seen any stabilization in the monthly order patterns or youre still seeing some month to month declines in the bookings?
Tom Lynch: I would say, it feels like its stabilizing. Week to week things bounce around, but were really kind of running at this ex-SubCom level to $2.9 billion to $3 billion order rate.
Mark Delaney: Okay, thats helpful and then for a follow up question, Im going to focus on SubC. I guess a two part question. First, it seems like the comments for the fiscal 15 revenue guidance, just a little bit above 700, it seems like a real small downtick versus the comments for $720 million on the last conference call. So can you maybe just help us understand  I know its small, but if anythings kind of changing thats driving that slight change to the revenue forecast for SubC for fiscal 15.  And then second part on SubC, just given the new award that youve won, what sort of visibility do you have into fiscal 16 revenue in the SubC business?
Tom Lynch: Mark, your right. There is an ever so slight decline, $720 million to $712 million, $715 million, something like that if I remember correctly and thats really just the timing of some material coming in, when we get it loaded on the ship. This is a project business and so as you progress, as material comes in, all you need is a vendor to be late by a week and you lose some revenue, but it is purely timing so no implication of that whatsoever. In terms of 16, two of it to give guidance for 16, but obviously weve done well this year. We feel good about adding the fifth program in force and were spending that this year and thats now $1.5 billion enforced for us.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: The next question comes from William Stein from SunTrust.
William Stein: Thanks for taking my question. Tom, earlier you mentioned that you saw part of the slowdown extending through the fiscal Q4 guidance and likely ending in Q1. So this clarification is really about whether thats the China related weakness or the North American sort of channel adjustments youre seeing or that it relates to both and what gives you the confidence to have the view that this ends by the end of fiscal Q4. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Sure, thanks Will. Really my comment about we think it will  based on what were seeing and hearing now, worked its way through in Q4 as the North America industrial and part of that is end demand is still, its slower. It feels slower than what were hearing in the second half and first half, but its not off that much and we still have a pretty healthy American economy, even though I think most of us feel its not growing the way we thought it would. Its still growing in all the indicators like payrolls and things, so. And then when we just look at the sell in and the sell through, what were hearing is that that should start to work its way through by the end of our fiscal year, thats our best estimate at this time.  China is harder to tell. I think just because data is harder to get. I mean kind of the only data you have is your own data and we have seen China can move up very quickly as well. So Im more uncertain about that Will and I mean last year we had a tremendous first quarter in China. Actually we had a pretty good first half and saw it again, the same for the second half, so its harder to tell there. I wouldnt be surprised if this has kind of leaked in through the first quarter, but thats a guestimate based just on recent order trends.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Will. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, a two part initial question if I may and then a brief follow-up. On the BNS business and then also the proceeds, is the BNS business still running at kind of a $0.53 EPS run rate for the year. And then on the proceeds in terms of deploying that, is that on top of the typical buyback where youve been spending $150 million to $250 million a quarter, so wed see say $200 million on average of buyback and then $600 million or $800 million a quarter of incremental buyback once the deal closes.
Tom Lynch: Yes Shawn, the BNS business as you know is now recorded in our discontinued operations. I would say it is broadly or generally performing as we expected through the sale process. In terms of proceeds, we have a practice or a capital requirement approach of $150 million to $250 million per quarter share repurchase. We did $252 million this most recently completed quarter. We expect to be in the market in the fourth quarter. Once the BNS transaction closes, that will be an additional $3 billion or that well be able to return the majority of that back to the shareholders. Thats in addition to our appointment of our operating free cash flow.
Shawn Harrison: Okay, and then as a brief follow up, Tom as you could just remind us and I guess delineate between the content you have per vehicle in China versus say Europe, so the declines were seeing in China auto production. Just to weight that a bit and how much of what youre seeing right now is truly declines in production versus some other factors in terms of maybe mix going against you.
Tom Lynch: I would say its definitely production related. Our content in China is SubC. Its much higher in Europe, but there can be a mix effect that its kind of interesting over any period of time that we look at, it just doesnt  the numbers are so big, its 80 some million cars being sold. With the math kind of almost moved itself out unless you had a pneumatic shift. I mean we were worried coming out of the last downturn that the world is going to go to buying small cars and that is going to have an impact on our content and we didnt see any of that.  Now the exciting thing about China is content is growing faster in China cars, both local and multinational and how far in China right now are local SUVs where we have really no content and our content in China regardless of whether the local Chinese auto maker or multinationals, really almost exactly the same. In fact a little higher with the locals because we provide a little more to them than we would the OEM, which is a real strategic advantage that we started back in the downturn.  So I guess the short answer Shawn is or the long answer is we are not really seeing that much impact. If at all its kind of in the $0.10 to $0.20 range of content per unit mix at this point.
Shawn Harrison: Very helpful Tom, thanks so much.
Sujal Shah: Right, thank you Shawn. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: The next question comes from Sherri Scribner from Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thanks. I was curious  I dont know if I missed it, but did you give a number for global vehicle production in this quarter and then also could you give us some detail on how much China is as a percent of revenue for the three different segments. I know that Asia Pacific is about a third of your business, but maybe some metrics around how big China is by different segments would be helpful.
Tom Lynch: Sure. At a high level China is running in the 17%, 18% of our total business, thats total company. Its much higher than that in data and devices. Part of that is because most of the production is in China and it is sometimes hard to in those kind of businesses to where is consumption locally and where is consumption globally. Our auto business which runs over $1 billion is our local consumption.
Sherri Scribner: Okay.
Bob Hau: And then the other part of your question Sherri is that auto production volumes for the fourth quarter. Well, we have in our current guidance auto production for the fourth quarter globally, about $21 million vehicles, up about 2.5% year-over-year. That gets it to the 2% on a full year basis, just under $87 million vehicles.
Sherri Scribner: And did you have a 3Q number?
Bob Hau: 3Q was down three-tenths of a percent, about 21.5 million, 21.7 million units.
Sherri Scribner: Okay. And then can I just ask the question about the transportation segment. I think your long term goal has been to grow that segment in the high single digits and it looks like were tracking a little bit below that. This year I know there has been some puts and takes, but whats your view overall of the ability to continue to grow that segment in the high single digits. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Sherri. I think at historical production levels of about 3% and the last three years is going to average out. If you take next years estimates this year and last year, its going to average out to about that. We would expect to do that, especially with our expansion into sensors which will go  were kind of going from a very low base there. Yes, I think that production grows in that 3%. We expect to grow two plus ex production, which is what were doing this year.  So for example, this year production is growing 2% and were growing 6% plus. So we still see it on hold and I think we really feel good about this years performance, because it proves out what weve been saying about the pipeline of wins that weve had over the last four or five years and that were growing our win rates faster than the markets growing and now thats showing up in kind of this multiplier production effect.  So if you go back four or five years, we were always saying 1.5 times production and now were over 2 times production and as we begin to ramp the sensors business over the next several years, that will increase it even more. So we feel very good about this great auto business of ours.
Bob Hau: Id say in the current quarter or to me the current year, were definitely seeing the headwind from FX impacting the overall growth. If you back that out, transportation is well above the 6% to 8% and thats also got the benefit of the acquisition. Our guidance is mid single digits organically. Thats below that 6% to 8% long term rate and thats really driven by slower commercial vehicle, both in heavy truck declines in the second half of this year and slower off road, but long term we still believe the 6% to 8%.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Sherri. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Suva from Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. Congratulations to you and your team. On slide six of your prepared handouts entitled Industrial Solutions, I was taking a look at the operating margins. I know unless the questions have been focused on transportation, which is like I said, but kind of looking away from the other areas for the potential improvement, the operating margins for industrial solutions came down pretty meaningfully year-over-year and yes of course the actual and organic sales came down 5% to 1%, but the 100 basis point decline in operating margins is a pretty big gap.  Can you talk just a little bit about that, because to me it seems like this is one area of meaningful improvement that you can give to the company and is it really tied now to sales for the future of this company or restructuring, are you doing some plant consolidation or how should we think about what actions your actively doing or would you simply tie the sales for improving this turnaround of this, several of which is below corporate average. 
Tom Lynch: Thank you, Jim. Well yes, the margin decline as we pointed out there is really two big factors, right. The oil and gas business is down 30%-plus and thats the highest margin business in the segment and FX and we have a strong European industrial footprint, particularly in energy and in industrial equipment and they are strong margin businesses, so particularly energy which has been slow, thus our equipment business actually has been pretty good.  If you go through the make-up of the business and talk about who knows how long this oil and gas thing is going to last, but that team has managed to despite a 35% decline in revenue, keep the margin in solid double digits and the piece we bought, which is more in the service and support side than the new project side is still in the 20% plus range.  So what I would say is our aerospace defense business is very strong, was there above company average margins. Our oil and gas are low right now, but again who knows when, but as that grows, that inherently because of its harshest environment characteristics and higher margin business.  Industrial equipment is the one thats the big fragmented business that serves multiple industries, lots of small customers that weve been steady improving. Growth slowed down a little bit right now, but thats where you are seeing us in the past and continuing to fine tune our manufacturing network. TEOA is especially important there in this slow volume high mix business. But those margins today are at about company average withholding it down right now, oil and gas and energy; energy because the Europe oil and gas is just something that happened in the market.  We still believe and are committed to this, say above company average margin business. 
Jim Suva : And for that pressure from oil and gas, youre just going to wait for it to come back or do you like proactively make some plant adjustments
Tom Lynch: We kept the margins in double digits by being very proactive. I mean super proactively, Bob you want to add on to that. 
Bob Hau: Jim, as I mentioned in my opening comments, weve now increased our restructuring charge for $100 million. Part of that is communications, restructuring and part of that is oil and gas. So weve definitely been taking action this year.
Jim Suva : Okay, and then as a quick follow-up for the stock buyback you had mentioned that the BNS is looking to close about  I mean a little bit earlier than expected, within 90 days. Can you remind us and investors about your cadence or appetite for the stock buyback and time that you are going to do? I think its about a $3 billion sales proceeds, and what timing that one should expect the stock buyback. It looks like the acquisition, divestiture is going to close a bit earlier. 
Bob Hau: Yes, so we had been indicating we expected that transaction to close by the end of the calendar year. We now see that closing within the next 90 days or so and as you indicate, its $3 billion of proceeds and we have said really since the date we announced the transaction back in January, that it would be  the vast majority of those proceeds would be used for share buyback and we have not indicated the specific timing of that. 
Jim Suva : Great. Thank you very much. 
Sujal Shah: Great, thank you Jim. Can we have the next question please? 
Operator: The next question comes from Wamsi Mohan from BoA/Merrill Lynch.
Ruplu Bhattacharya : Yes, good morning. Its Ruplu filling in for Wamsi. Tom, just a high level question to start. Can you just give us your thoughts on the overall product portfolio? Are you done with the product exists that you were doing in the data and devices segment and overall is there any more opportunity to rationalize the product portfolio. 
A - Tom Lynch: I think the product portfolio is pretty solid right now, and Ill cover about a few exceptions for that comment. We are still rationalizing in data and devices. Our strategy there is to really focus on our core connectivity business, which is a good business for us and move out of what weve now seen to be commodities and things like that, and thats going well and thats why you see such big declines in that business, because we are elegantly in treating our customers well, but existing those products.  Across the rest of the portfolio, I think you will see more adding than subtracting. And whatever we do on the subtraction would be more fine turning around  hey we dont, this range is a commodity, its not really strategic, we dont need it to sell other products, we dont want to put our energy into it. I would rather you know anything that widens this harsh environment mode and sensor business is where our inorganic and organic investments are going. If you see further exits, it will really be around the edges. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya : Okay, thanks for that. And then just for my follow-up. You talked about the heavy truck market being weak in China. Can you talk about the other -geographies; are you seeing weakness in any other place apart from China in that market?
Tom Lynch: I think in North America as you know its been a very hot market, the last couple of years. The growth rate is slowing but no surprise there, weve all expected that. But we expect heavy trucks to continue to grow. We actually expect China to kind of rebound eventually. Its hard to call, but you went through a nice surge with the adoption of Euro 4 and really, the government really drove that hard.  So at a period where trucks were going down and content was going way up, and there has been a little shift in China to smaller trucks, but we believe with all the infrastructure building over there thats going on, that will swing back to larger trucks which are much more efficient and there is a lot of opportunity in China to improve the transportation of goods industry, and that play to our strength, because thats more content.  So I think in a little bit longer term, probably hopefully late next year you will start to see China pick-up. The U.S. continues to be okay and Europe has been pretty solid. The challenge in the industrial transportation market has been off-road. As we know the agriculture, industry has been really not investing due to where foreign prices are and you have the commodity industry, you have the spillover effect of oil prices down. So construction, although is mixed, its starting to level off. All those industries have been a drag over the last few years.  So what I think will happen over time is you will see those industries begin to recovery because of pent up demand. You will get a lower growth rate in heavy trucks and this business will over time return to kind of a low single digit production growth rate, which is very attractive for us because we have so much content and weve grown our content so much over the last couple of years. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya : Thanks. I appreciate the color. 
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Ruplu. Can we have the next question please? 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. 
Matt Sheerin: Yes thanks. Most of the questions have been answered, but I did want to go back to the commentary about the distribution inventory correction that seems to be going on. Could you give us a sense of what you are seeing on a sell in basis versus sellout and expectations for where do you think investors are going to go and what do inventory days look like at distribution now versus where they should be. 
Tom Lynch: Days are up a little bit, but I think its more single digit in days and my conversation with the distributors again I think everybody has been managing it, we are all managing it much better than we did over the last time around because of what weve learnt.  So I mean clearly the first half, we had nice growth in our sell-in in the first half and sell through was pretty solid too, but we began to see late second quarter early Q3 sell through began to slow a big and thats when the inventories began to build a little bit and I think we were like lets jump on this quickly and get things in balance.  So I dont think its a big horrendous deal, but its enough to have our third quarter being slightly down in the change and probably our fourth quarter relatively flat, but thats why we think the coming into Q1 sell through and inventory levels are back to where they should be. Again, I dont  its not a major disruption, but it is a fine tuning which I think is good, just because its so good when its happening, because you are selling that. But I think it is good because the system is more in balance. 
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thats helpful and just a quick question for Bob. Your share count assumption for the quarter in your guidance, whats that?
Bob Hau: So we expect that in fourth quarter well continue with that, between $150 million to $250 million range, so call it 1 million or 2 million share reduction in the quarter.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thanks a lot guys. 
Sujal Shah: All right, thank you Matt. Can we have the next question please? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Wood from Macquarie Securities Group. 
Mike Wood: Hi, thanks for all the information. [Indiscernible] to breakout the SubCom charge is what you are trying to do with increasing margins in the mobile device sub segment. Can you just give us more color of whats happening in those two sub markets? 
Tom Lynch: The sub segments are data in devices Mike. 
Mike Wood: So yes, SubCom end is on the mobile device side where you are exiting some lower margin product. How successful are you in getting that margin up in the mobile device side. 
Tom Lynch: Yes, so on the mobile, we would call it data and device business. If we combine those businesses, we announced that earlier in the year because customers are converging, technologies are becoming more similar and frankly we needed to reduce costs in those two businesses, which are our two weakest business.  So we are still in the turnaround. I think we have some good wins, we have some losses. I dont think there is enough there to say from a market perspective we are changing our position. We are changing our cost structure and we are getting back into the product range which we do best, kind of core connector clientage for the board type of connector power connectors, where we are very good and that we want to put a lions share of our energy around.  So its still in the kind of midway through the turnaround I would say, stabilizing but not exciting from a profitability point of view. We still have work to do to reestablish the growth and get the margins up to double digit.  On the SubCom side as Bob mentioned seems steady progress in the market. We continue to have a high win rate. There continues to be a lot of bid activity. The cloud players are very active in this. So that, we pointed out before, thats a big change from the primary drivers were before. But fundamentally we think its a good change, because there is a tremendous desire for high quality service and plenty of bandwidth, because thats so integral for the total value proposition of those players. So we think thats a fundamentally good driver and backlog now for $1.5 billion.  So I would say, we continue to see more approved points that we are in the uptick site. We are feeling good, pretty good through 16. You got to keep knocking off several wins a year control the pipeline, but overall we feel good that, Sure, SubCom is on the way back up and we are getting our arms around the date and devices business from a strategy and a cost structure. We can see, this where we want to be. 
Mike Wood: Great and then on MES it seems like if I back into the numbers it would roughly similar contribution versus last quarter to the segment. Has that seen any impact yet from China? I believe China was just under 20% of sales and is that expected of any is there any restructuring actions taking off at that weakness. 
Bob Hau: I would say, Id call it a consistent quarter. Although certainly we are going to see is China in general slows down. Well see an impact but not significant and overall, growing very nicely organically as I mentioned. Our sensors business, if we had owned AST and measurement this quarter last year, that business grew 10%. So certainly seeing some nice growth overall. 
Tom Lynch: I would say in China, sensors are not as established in the vehicles over there, so particularly in the local vehicles. So you have kind of a more, an additional demand for that in order to become competitive, you need to put more features in. So we feel thats an extra demand driver and the only per say restructuring thats going on is where we are combining for scale. We are not doing in response to market conditions, oh! Its growing slower so we are taking part of that. We are investing in the businesses as I said from that perspective, so that we can win more deals and growth faster. 
Mike Wood: Great, thank you. 
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you. Can we have the next question please? 
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. 
Steven Fox: Thanks. Just one question for me. Im just a little confused still by the increase in the restructuring charges understanding what you just said. But you expressed a lot of positive statements around the harsh environments in general, but you are downsizing oil and gas. And then along the same lines your are doing some product pruning, which I would has been an ongoing effort for a number of years. Im just curious how that  what that has to do with restructuring and whether that was also in response to end markets. Thanks. 
Tom Lynch: Yes Jim, Ill let Bob add to this too. Oil and gas is adjusting to the 35% decline in the business and the natural uncertainty about everything thats going on around oil, which does a run come back in, when do oil prices go up, etc  The remainder of the increase is related to kind of the phase of, accelerating the phase of data and device. So thats what is related to. We are really not restructuring in any other business, Bob. 
Bob Hau: Yes, the vast majority of our restructuring to-date and will be for the year is in the communication segment and in oil and gas in particular. Oil and gas last year was at $300 million business. We are going to exist a $200 million clip. That really calls for some pretty significant restructuring and then data and devices in combination of the product exits that weve really been underway for call it, 12 to 18 months and closer into that 12 months, plus the combination of the old Datacom and the consumer business drove us to take some additional costs out. But we are not taking our costs in our harsh environment growing to your other question, Mikes question on measurement, we are not talking out cost where weve got growth opportunity. 
Steven Fox: Understood and then just real quick. I understand the need to sort of keep your plans for a buyback close to your, best for now. But I mean when the closes can we expect some kind of signals around how you plan to execute or use that $3 billion in proceeds or is this sort of going to be statuesque and learn about sort of on a backward looking basis. 
Tom Lynch: I think one of the hallmarks of TE has been some pretty good transparency and once the deal closes and we get into the activity, well give you some color about what our expectations are. 
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust. 
William Stein: Thanks for taking my follow-up. So with the pull-in of the timing of the BNS sale, can you just highlight to us what the regulatory approvals that you are still waiting on are and with regard to the $3 billion consideration, understanding that youve told us that you expect to use the majority for buybacks, would you consider another acquisition potentially in the sensory area. At the Analyst Day you were  the company I would say was still constructive on its intention to acquire in that space and I wonder if think could be an opportunity to readdress that. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Well, let me address the second part of that question. I think that the strength of the company is our strong cash flow, a really strong capital structure, strong operating leverage and all that provides choices, right. So we clearly have an active M&A pipeline, sensors and harsh environment are very important to us and where we get the right opportunity to strengthen those businesses we would see them. Of course it has to be at the price that we think fits with our strategy and our return goals.  So yes, I mean the bottom line is we can do both. Thats really the simple method, we can do both. And if you look back the last few years thats what we have done. We bought MES, we bought AST, we did a significant buyback. I think thats really one of the strengths of TE. 
Bob Hau: And then in terms of the timing well, we pulled it in a bit from end of the calendar year to now within 90 days. We have really three large regulatory hurdles; U.S., Europe and China. We have U.S. and Europe, so we are awaiting China and of course there are a number of other countries that have the right and obligation to weigh in. But its really those big three and of course then where comp stocks in the midst of integration planning that we are helping them with, obviously and let them comment on that progression, but it really is at this point a regulatory hurdle with China. 
William Stein: Great, thanks very much.  End of Q&A 
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Will. If you have follow-up questions please contract Investor Relations at TE. Thank you for joining us this morning, and have a great day. Thanks everybody. 
Tom Lynch : Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference today. Wed like to thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Lynch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Hau - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: William Stein - SunTrust Amit Daryanani - RBC Amitabh Passi - UBS Matt Sheerin - Stifel Mike Wood - Macquarie Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Steven Fox - Cross Research Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Jim Suva - Citi
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays call is being recorded. I will turn the conference now to Mr. Sujal Shah, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivitys second quarter results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. To effectively set a baseline for todays call, please keep in mind that we announced the sale of our broadband networks business last quarter and continue to expect the transaction to close by the end of the calendar year. BNS is reflected as discontinued operations and is not included in our Q2 results or guidance going forward. Note that all prepared remarks on todays call will reflect TE continuing operations unless otherwise noted. We have provided additional slides number 13 through 17 in our earnings presentation to help reconcile the difference between previously reported results and guidance against assumptions for continuing operations. You will find this information to be helpful as we go through the call today. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of todays call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for opening remarks.
Tom Lynch: Thanks and good morning everyone. Here are the key takeaways from todays call. In Q2, we continued to deliver strong results with organic revenue growth of 6%, adjusted earnings per share of $0.02 above implied guidance for continued operations and adjusted operating margins of 16.4%. For the full year, our prior adjusted EPS guidance of $4.20 assumes $0.53 from BNS and $3.67 from continuing operations. We are holding our guidance at the $3.67 level as continued strong performance of our harsh businesses coupled with SubCom improvement is offsetting additional FX headwind. Our EPS guidance reflects 11%, adjusted EPS growth year-over-year. And as Sujal mentioned, there is a detailed reconciliation of guidance found on Page 16 of our earnings presentation. I would also like  few other points we are very well-positioned and continue to benefit from the secular trend of electronic content growth, with 80% of our revenue derived from products serving harsh environment application. This is a theme you heard before and you will continue to hear throughout todays call. And its a very important part of our strategy. Our recovering SubCom business continues to gain momentum, with over $1 billion of contracts now enforced and over $700 million of revenue expected this year. Our sensor business continues to build momentum as well with the growing design win pipeline across several market verticals. And overall, the integration of the acquisition is going well. And then just a comment on market conditions, I would say they continue to be mixed compared to 90 days ago when we last spoke, Europe up a little bit, of course off a low base, China has slowed a little bit and the end markets in the U.S. are mixed although growth is continuing. I would say overall similar trends this last quarter. I would now like to provide some additional color on the performance of our business. As I mentioned, Q2 was another good quarter for the company operationally and we made four important moves to strengthen the company strategically during the quarter. We announced the sale of our broadband networks business for $3 billion in January and continue to expect the transaction to close by the end of this calendar year. As a result of this transaction, 90% of our revenue is now focused on the attractive and growing connectivity and sensor markets. These markets have solid underlying growth trends due to the increasing demand for more electronics as the world becomes safer, greener and more connected. And with our unmatched portfolio of connectivity and sensors, TE is well-positioned in providing the key building blocks for the connected world. As I mentioned, 80% of our revenue is focused on providing solutions for harsh environment applications that demand the highest quality and reliability performance, which has long been our strong suit. This capability is not easily replicated and we believe that TEs ability to provide solutions for harsh environment will remain a strong differentiator and growth driver as we move forward. In February, we announced the purchase of AdvancedCath, a company focused on applications serving the medical and healthcare markets. The combination of AdvancedCath and our broad range of sensor and connectivity technologies puts us in a very good position to capitalize on opportunities in the high growth, high margin interventional applications in this market. This acquisition is accretive to our industrial segment growth rate and operating margins. This is a good example of where having a broad range of connectivity in sensors, with fine wire capability, molding and stamping, manufacturing capability enables us to provide a broader set of solutions for our customers. In March, along with the planned divestiture of BNS, we organized into three segments: Transportation, Industrial and Communications. The Transportation and Industrial segments remain exactly the same in terms of business composition and Communications is now made up of appliances, SubCom and Data and Devices. Data and Devices reflects the combination of consumer devices and DataComm into a single business. The combination improves our ability to win in these dynamic markets. These markets are converging and combining the unique strengths of each business will strengthen our competitive position and profitability and potential for growth in these markets. In March, we also announced the appointment of Terrence Curtin to the newly created position of company President. Terrence has been an important leader in our transformation and CFO and most recently President of our Industrial Solutions segment. In his expanded role as President of TE, Terrence will focus on accelerating our performance across our harsh connectivity and sensor businesses by driving growth in TEOA across the business. Please turn to Slide 3 for summary of Q2 results and our guidance. As I mentioned, we delivered strong results for Q2 with adjusted EPS of $0.91, $0.02 above the midpoint of guidance and sales of $3.1 billion, growing 4% year-over-year and up 6% organically. Currency translation rates impacted Q2 by $246 million in revenue and $0.09 in EPS year-over-year. Thats negatively impacted Q2. The continued strong performance of our harsh environment business is coupled with improvements in SubCom more than offset the FX headwind compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of currency exchange rates, adjusted EPS would have improved by 16%. During the quarter, we returned $261 million to shareholders. Total company orders were $3 billion flat year-over-year, excluding SubCom orders, were up 1%. Book-to-bill excluding SubCom was 1.03%. As I mentioned earlier, I am pleased with the momentum in our sensor business. We expect strong growth this year and are adding resources to support the significant increase in customer RFPs. We see an increasing number of opportunities to integrate sensors with our other products and provide our customers with innovative, highly reliable and cost effective solutions. We intend to aggressively build this business with inorganic and organic investment and we believe our unmatched customer facing and engineering resources are significant assets for TE. Our TEOA program continues to enhance margin and drive higher profitability. Adjusted gross margins were up 70 basis points year-over-year and adjusted operating margins expanded to 16.4%, up 50 basis points versus the prior year. Please turn to Slide 4. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to hold our full year guidance despite increasing FX headwinds. Our full year EPS outlook is unchanged from our prior guidance for continuing operations, with harsh environment business strength, contribution from strategic acquisitions and a leading position in the recovering SubCom market offsetting additional FX headwinds versus our previous yield. For the full year, we are projecting sales of $12.5 billion, up 4% from the prior year and 6% organically. We expect adjusted operating margins to exceed 16%, with adjusted EPS in the range of $3.60 to $3.74, up 11% at the midpoint. With the cumulative move of the dollar versus world currencies during the last six months or so, 2015 FX headwinds are now approximately $1 billion in revenue and $0.38 in EPS versus last year for our full year, where now for the impact of FX, we would be generating 13% revenue growth and 22% adjusted EPS growth year-over-year, a strong financial performance by any measure. Now, I will turn it over to Bob to cover segment results and then I will wrap it up in a little while.
Bob Hau: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 5 for Transportation Solutions. Our revenue grew 3% organically in the quarter in line with our expectations. Our automotive business grew 4% organically, while global vehicle production was up about 1%. We continue to outgrow auto production volumes due to content growth trends and share gains. Our Commercial Transportation business declined slightly in Q2 as expected driven by slowing growth in the heavy truck market and continued weakness in the off-road equipment market. In sensors, we continue to gain momentum with an expanding design win funnel across transportation in other market verticals. We continue to expect strong growth in sensors due to our unique combination of technology, resources and broad, deep customer engagements. Our total transportation adjusted operating income was $333 million in Q2, down 1% year-over-year as expected, the strong operational performance offset by FX. We continue to invest in sensors and support a growing pipeline of opportunities. In automotive and commercial transportation, adjusted operating margin expanded 60 basis points year-over-year in Q2 driven by additional volume and operational execution. Looking forward, we expect another good quarter in Q3, with actual sales growth in the low single-digits and organic growth in the mid single-digits. Please turn to Slide 6. Our Industrial Solutions segment performed well in Q2, growing 5% organically, representing the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth for this segment. Industrial equipment was up 6% organically, with strong growth in all regions. In our Aerospace, Defense, Oil and Gas business, 6% organic growth was driven by continued strength in commercial aerospace, which more than offset declines in oil and gas. Going forward, we would expect continued strength in commercial aerospace to offset weakness in our oil and gas business. In our energy business, we saw 4% organic growth, with growth in Asia and North America partially offset by declines in Europe. We also completed the acquisition of AdvancedCath, increasing our opportunities in the high growth medical interventional market. AdvancedCath is now part of our industrial equipment business. Adjusted operating income was $112 million in Q2, up 5% year-over-year, with the 50 basis points expansion in adjusted operating margins due to organic growth and TEOA initiatives. For Q3, we expect low single-digit organic growth with similar market trends as in Q2. Please turn to Slide 7. A newly created Communications Solutions segment grew 16% year-over-year on an organic basis driven by our strong position in the recovering SubCom market and a continued strong performance in our market leading appliances business. This more than offset the planned declines in our data and devices business, where we continue our strategy of exiting low margin products in this business. Adjusted operating income was $61 million, up 126% year-over-year and operating margin doubled to 9% from 4.5% a year ago. We expect to continue to drive further operating margin improvement in this segment. And heading into Q3, we expect the actual revenue to grow mid-teens and high-teens in an organic basis driven by a new SubCom program coming into force. The new AE Connect program, which is scheduled to be ready for service in December 2015 is the latest Transatlantic subsea fiber optic cable system connecting North America to Europe. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on earnings. Adjusted operating income was $506 million, up 7% versus the prior year despite the significant FX headwinds. The growth versus the prior year is driven by our TE operating advantage efforts to improve safety, quality, cost and delivery as well as volume leverage. GAAP operating income was $448 million and included $36 million of restructuring and other charges, most of which were in the data and devices and oil and gas units and $22 million of restructuring related charges in the quarter as expected. Adjusted EPS was $0.91 for the quarter, $0.02 above the implied midpoint of guidance, driven by strong productivity, mix and cost management. GAAP EPS was $0.77 for the quarter and GAAP EPS included acquisition-related charges of $0.04 and restructuring and other charges of $0.11. For the full year 2015, I expect approximately $75 million of restructuring and other charges, reflecting an $0.18 at midpoint, up slightly versus our prior guidance. We expect roughly $0.22 of charges associated with our recent acquisitions, which will more than offset by reserve reversals from tax liabilities. Turning to Slide 9, our adjusted gross income for the quarter was 34.3%. This is an expansion of 70 basis points versus the prior year driven primarily by a growth in harsh environment businesses in SubCom and productivity gains from our TEOA initiatives. Adjusted operating margins expanded 50 basis points driven by productivity and volume leverage. Total operating expenses were $551 million in the quarter, with increases from acquisitions and R&D to support growth in transportation. Cash from continuing operations was $350 million and our free cash flow in Q2 was $217 million. Free cash flow was impacted by the timing of payments and SubCom project activity. Gross capital expenditures were essentially flat year-over-year and net capital expenditures were up $9 million year-over-year. I expect capital spending rate to be approximately 5% of sales in 2015. And you will notice we have added a balance sheet and free cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. And now, I will turn it back to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to Slide 10 and I will cover our outlook and then go through the outlook in more details in the following slides. We expect to deliver another solid quarter in Q3, with revenue of $3.13 billion to $3.23 billion, up 3% on an actual basis and 7% organically year-over-year at midpoint. We expect adjusted EPS of $0.85 to $0.89, an increase of flat to 5% year-over-year. As Bob and I have been mentioning throughout this call, our Q3 outlook does include a significant headwind from currency exchange rates, which are negatively affecting our guidance by approximately $330 million in revenue and $0.13 per share in EPS versus the prior year and just on a constant currency basis would be up about 18% in EPS year-over-year. Our third quarter performance will continue to be driven by the strong performance of our harsh environment businesses and building momentum in SubCom and contributions from our recent acquisitions in sensors and industrial. This is more than offsetting the FX headwind. Please turn to Slide 11. For the full year, we now expect revenue of $12.3 billion to $12.7 billion, up 4% versus the prior year and reflecting 6% organic growth. Our adjusted EPS guidance range is $3.60 to $3.74, representing year-over-year growth of 11% at midpoint. Note that the total impact of currency exchange rates is now approximately $1 billion versus the prior year and $0.38 in EPS. We have a number of catalysts for growth: strong secular trend of increasing electronic content, especially in harsh applications; our expansion into the high growth sensor market; and the growing SubCom business. To provide a baseline for the performance of our business, adjusted EPS would be growing by 22% year-over-year would not for the negative impact of the stronger dollar relative to other currencies. Now a few final comments before we open it up for Q&A. The company is performing well in a relatively still slow growth world and we are extremely well positioned in a world of increasing connectivity, which demands more sensors and more connectors. Our harsh environment strategy is paying off. 80% of our revenues is derived from products designed in harsh environment applications. This requires innovation and the highest quality and reliability. These applications are sticky. This collection of business has generated margin above our current 16% adjusted operating margin run rate. We have now grown harsh environment revenue to 80% from about 50% of our portfolio 5 years ago. And our inorganic and organic growth investments will continue to focus on harsh applications. Our sensor business is building momentum and we are adding resources to support the significant increase in customer RFPs. We see an increasing number of opportunities to integrate sensors with our other products and provide our customers with innovative, highly reliable, cost effective solutions. And we really feel our unmatched customer-facing and engineering resources are a significant asset for the company. We intend to aggressively build this business with inorganic and organic investments. The BNS divestiture is going well and we will return the majority of the proceeds to shareholders. Bob mentioned we have restructured our data and devices business to improve our focus on competitive position and reduce costs. I expect this business to be a contributor to EPS growth in fiscal 2016. Our SubCom business is continuing to build momentum. The market appears to be in the early stages of an up-cycle and we continue to win a majority of the key awards. We now have pretty good visibility through fiscal 2016 and expect SubCom to improve our performance at least this year and next. And our strong cash flow and balance sheet enables us to consistently return two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and to pursue strategic acquisition to strengthen our leadership position. TE has a strong portfolio of business, its probably the strongest we have ever had with the strong secular growth drivers that should enable us to grow 6% plus organically and to 3% plus GDP world. Continue to grow our adjusted operating margins building on the 16% level we would deliver this year and continue to generate free cash flow at the 10% of revenue level. In summary, we have a lot of leverage to grow profitability and cash flow and I have never felt better about the company. Now lets open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first we will go to William Stein with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So I think the prior EPS guidance midpoint was $4.20, the new guidance is $3.67, I think its clear the biggest driver of that reset is the BNS divestiture, but can you walk us through the components that are driving this change in the discontinued  or rather in the continuing operations EPS guidance?
Bob Hau: Yes. Well, good morning. Thanks. This is Bob. So the prior guidance that we gave many days ago, $4.20 included the broadband networks business. As you recall, the morning of our earnings release, we closed that agreement to sell the business, the business is not yet  the transaction is not yet closed. But with that announcement that business now moves into discontinued operations. At the end of March, that will be March 23 or so, we issued an 8-K to recast prior periods earnings and actually going back nine quarters. We went a little bit further than required to make sure to give the full color to investor base. And what you saw in that 8-K release was last year, 2014 on a full year basis, broadband networks contributed about $0.48 to our earnings. So adjusting last years results previously reported would have been $3.79, backing up the $0.48 of broadband networks the re-casted 2014 actual is now $3.31 cents. When you compare that to the $4.20, the prior guidance, BNS had $0.53 of earnings embedded or part of that $4.20. So you take the $4.20, you back out the $0.53, you get the $3.67. So the change in the number is completely BNS. Essentially, $3.67 is the new $4.20 and a like sort of number on a continuing operations basis. That growth, $0.48 to $0.53 really is comprised of a couple of things. Number one, as you may recall, we did a number of restructuring actions last year to take costs out of the business. A good portion of that was directed at the broadband networks organization and so we expected to see operating income, operating margin improve nicely in that business, 2014 and 2015. Additionally, we did have some modest organic growth on a year-over-year basis. So net-net, the BNS contribution was going about 10% on an EPS basis, roughly in line with what the total company was and its going to be driven by low double-digits  I mean single-digits modest organic growth as well as the benefits of restructuring and general productivity.
William Stein: Okay. That helps. So we are now through this earnings reset, of course we are expecting earnings to grow again to on an all-in basis if you will, contemplating the buyback that we would expect following the close of the BNS sale. I guess, despite the fact that you didnt guide to it, I would have expected to see the buyback accelerated at least a little in the quarter and I wonder if perhaps you are planning more acquisitions to replace the divested BNS or to replace part of it anyway, you have talked about looking both organically and inorganically in the sensor area. And I am wondering how prominent this is in your plans from now till the end of the year and on an ongoing basis?
Bob Hau: Yes. So  I will cover the buyback and then Tom to touch a little bit about the M&A plans. In terms of the buyback, again 90 days ago when we announced the transaction we indicated that we expect we will be getting $3 billion in the proceeds from the transaction, the majority of that will be used to buyback shares. But that we would not be doing that in advance of closing the transaction. So we have not accelerated share buyback in the current quarter nor do expect to and tell that transaction closes which currently has been and remains expected to close by the end of the calendar year. Once we receive that cash, we will buy  begin the buyback. And as we indicated, in the past and continue to expect that share buyback will help to largely offset the $0.53 of dilution once that buyback is completed and net-net the transaction will be neutral approximately 1 year after closing. And thats the benefit of the share buyback being fully implemented as well as working through some shared costs. If you think about the TE business model, we have things like our IT procurement, HR finance type organizations, working through a shared services model. So essentially, organized organization around some of those functions and those costs are shared across our business. With the BNS divestiture, we obviously see some de-scaling of those shared services. Once the deal closes, we do have a transition services agreement with CommScope, which will absorb some of the shared service and once those TSAs start to unwind, we will work to offset the costs eliminate the impact 1 year after closing and rough order magnitude that shared services type costs is about $0.07 of the $0.53. So you get the benefit of reduced share count on the $3 billion of the share buyback and the benefit of working through those shared services costs post TSA is unwinding and you can get to a net neutral position on the $0.53.
Tom Lynch: And we will on the acquisition comment or question I should say, while we are always  our strategy as you can see is around harsh environment connectivity and sensors. And as we did in the last quarter, we had the AdvancedCath and another small technology acquisition. So we have a robust pipeline. It has to fit within our strategy and similar to the sensor logic it has to able to leverage our scale. So, take advantage of all the thousands of people we have in front of the customers, the thousands of engineers we have in the supply chain footprint around the world close to our customers. So, our goal is to continue to identify the best fits and if we can get them at a price that works to make acquisitions.
William Stein: If I can fit in one more please. On the sensors side, you talked quite a bit about having success in that market. You report that business in transportation, but as I recall, measurement and the other  that you did another sensor acquisition, they are not exclusively transportation as I recall. Maybe you could talk about where you are seeing success in terms of combining sensors and connectors from an end market perspective. Where do you see the bigger opportunities? Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Sure. And right now, they are all  there are a couple of design wins and a lot of customer activity to prove out the concept. But I think the most important thing is the businesses that we bought are growing slightly ahead of our assumption in the acquisition plan. So, the core organic growth of those businesses has been very good and the technology breadth and depth is even better than we thought, which is now what is the catalyst for being able to walk into customers and medical would be a good example on the same gauge wire that we provided to the customer now putting a very small sensor on the end of it to dramatically improve the capability and we can do it all. So, we can optimize the functionality. Thats a good example. And in early discussions in the industrial industry, the appliance industry and of course automotive and in the industrial transportation industry, so the good challenge we have right now is there is a lot of opportunity and prioritizing them, but its the kind of challenge we want to have and thats why I mentioned and Bob mentioned that we are going to continue to add organic resources into these businesses. So far the hypothesis for bringing sensors together with connectors is playing out. We know its still the early part of the game, but we are very optimistic and we are excited about the capabilities we have.
William Stein: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And thats from Amit Daryanani with RBC. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good morning guys. I guess to start off could you just talk about the transportation segment a little bit. I think the organic growth 3% was a little below what you have seen the last few quarters. I am curious what are you seeing in China and Asia that you talked about thats leading to the softness? And do you think its a one quarter phenomena? Are those headwinds are going to sustain for the next few quarters as well?
Tom Lynch: Yes Amit. I guess couple of comments there. One was in pretty much in line with what we expected based on what the industry was projecting as vehicle production. So, last year, vehicle production was just under 5. This year, we have been predicting anywhere from 2 to 3 depending on when the estimates are coming out. So, no surprise there. In our case, our auto business grew 4% on 1% vehicle production. 3 or 4 years ago, on 1% vehicle production, we would have grown 2% to 2.5%. So, we have had a tremendous run of design wins over the last actually 3 to 5 years coming out of the downturn and including the downturn. So, no surprise there. And generally, I would say the auto business is still pretty healthy. China continued to be strong for us. We have a tremendous position in China and continue to grow solid double-digits there. We expect that to slow down a little bit, but not dramatically. So overall, still feel in line with what we expected in automotive and the production rates like I said kind of in line, a little bit below the historical average, but they were above the historical average last year. And if you look over time, they tend to balance out over 2 or 3 years, but we are generating a lot more revenue for $1 or 1% growth in production than we have in the past.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And if I just go back to the BNS divestiture impact, if I just get this right, $0.53 impact from discontinued ops, $0.07 of that is shared services that goes away once the deal closes or do you have to do some restructuring to negate that? And then $0.45 will be offset through buybacks, is that kind of the right way to characterize those two buckets?
Tom Lynch: Yes, thats essentially correct, Amit. The $0.07, some of that will be absorbed by the transaction services agreement that will kick in once the deal closes. So, you will see some quick absorption of that. And then over time as we unwind those transaction services  transition services agreements, we will work the cost down so that once those are unwound, its a net neutral.
Amit Daryanani: Yes, I guess could you just talk about how does the buyback mechanism works once the deal closes? I mean, would you have to do an ASR or something fairly quick to ensure that the neutrality holds up from the divestiture or would you elongate that over a 12-month process?
Tom Lynch: Yes, it  what we have indicated is it will be one year after closing. And so that will encompass some time to actually execute the share buyback over a period of time.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect, thanks a lot for your time.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we will go to Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi: Hi, guys. Good morning. I had a question and a follow up. Tom, maybe I will focus on the industrial solutions segment. I think you are expecting full year growth of low single-digits. Just wanted to get a sense when can expect to see a slightly better sort of top line growth for this segment? And profitability seems to be doing better than expected can you sustain it at the levels you just reported, so both sort of the demand environment as well as profitability? And then I have a follow-up.
Tom Lynch: Sure. Thanks, Amitabh. I would say like a lot of these businesses, particularly industrial, you kind of have to disaggregate it to make it meaningful. So, commercial air growing very nicely, the market is solid with new aircraft builds and leasing over the last 5 to 6 years significantly increased our content. So, thats a nice high single-digit growth story. Industrial equipment has been growing for the last six or seven quarters now, which is nice and you kind of mid  occasionally drifting a little bit above mid single-digits, which is a healthy growth rate for that business. Oil and gas is declining now. Its about a little under 10% of that segment. So, its not massive, but a couple of quarters ago, it was a nice growth for us, and of course, with energy, with oil prices where they are thats slowed the growth down in that business. And then the other big piece within there is our energy business, which has gone back to  and its kind of a low single-digit growth business, very steady, close to company average margins, good cash flow generator, but getting really hit hard by the strong dollar, because about 45% of our business is in Europe. So, when you disaggregate it, we would expect normalized  lets say oil and gas is flat where it is now, lets say it doesnt get worse that we would expect that business is going to grow in the 5% to 6% range for us, because there is a lot of content growth in aircraft, military starting to grow slightly again and that had been a negative for a while. And there is content growth on the factory floor with things like Industrial 4.0 really starting to pick up momentum. In terms of the margins, the margins are moving up that this is a business that has undergone a lot of shifting of the supply chain to get us more efficient over the last 2 or 3 years under Terrences leadership. And that was an important thing that we needed to get done as we went into vertical market several years ago and we feel good about that. We feel this is  this should be a high-teens margin business. About 65% of the business is there now. And there is still more room in the third of the business it isnt in other parts of the business. So, there is a lot of natural levers, not miraculous levers, I would say, just in a 5% to 6% growth market, a lot of operating leverage should come with that business. And we are starting to see it as whenever we get  has that 3% growth rate into the 5%, we really start to see the operating leverage kick in.
Amitabh Passi: Thanks, Tom. That was helpful. And then maybe just real quick follow-up either for you or Bob, at $700 million for your subsea business, can you maybe just update us on how we should be thinking about profitability for the segment? And also what profitability was for subsea in the March quarter?
Bob Hau: Yes, Amitabh, its Bob. Our current outlook for 2014 is about $720 million from revenue. And we will do low double-digit operating margin at that level. As we have indicated in the past, as we approach $1 billion in volume or in revenue on an annual basis, we have to expect that to increase to the company average margins. But right now, part of it is we are still doing ramp up, so we are restarting factories and hiring folks and getting our assets fully utilized. But this year at $720 million we will do low double-digit operating margin.
Amitabh Passi: And in the March quarter?
Bob Hau: Its about similar.
Amitabh Passi: Okay, alright. Thank you both.
Bob Hau: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thanks Amitabh. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we will go to Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin: Thanks. Just a couple of quick follow-up questions, regarding the transportation business, in the commercial area you talked about weakness in heavy trucking and related to oil and gas, do you see that bottoming in the next couple of quarters or so. And in terms of how it impacts your margins, my understanding that margins in that business were perhaps better than your automotive margins, so does that impact things at all. And could  if that does get worse, could you shift resources into your  the passenger vehicles side or are they separate operations?
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Matt. Yes, a couple of things there. I would say, what we saw in the heavy truck market is the slowdown in the growth rate in heavy truck market and continued weakness in the off-road market. So as you know mining and agriculture, those markets have been soft. And as the growth rates slow down, what you typically see is supply chain slows down a little faster. So we saw that tail end in the last quarter and this quarter. We are not seeing anything that says its going to get any worse. I think that there are good drivers in there such as the emission standards and in China for example, while truck production is down, the content for truck in China now that they are really adopting and enforcing Euro IV standards, is up more than the truck volume is down. So I would say we would see this business to stay for the next quarter or two about the level of that now. The margins are above company average. Definitely, its a nice margin business. There is not enough change in the business to really be thinking about redeploying. Its kind of staying at the level its been. We do share within the business, so we share factories, we  as Bob talked about, our shared costs infrastructure for support services, we certainly share that. So we do optimize within the transportation segment as a whole, a lot of our assets. So we have for example, it slowed in  trucks slowed in one part of the world, but cars picked up, we can take advantage of that with basically in the same facility for the most part. So there is that kind of flexibility.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thats helpful. And just regarding the subsea business, you guided to $700 million plus for the year and you are looking at I think its called the growth year-over-year in communications overall, so should be  there be a step up this quarter in subsea revenue in sort of the mid-teens sequentially?
Bob Hau: On a sequential basis for SubCom, I would expect some modest improvement, the new AE Connect program kind of immediately ramps up. We are actually doing some juggling within our factories to manage that program. So we will complete that program this calendar year and we will probably offset some other programs. So its a net-net, not full increase of what it is growth from our prior guidance up to that $720 million level, about a $70 million increase from prior guidance. So you do see some incremental into Q3 and into Q4 from that new program.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, alright. Thanks a lot.
Sujal Shah: Thank you. Okay. Thanks Matt. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And thats from Mike Wood with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood: Hi, good morning. Thanks for providing a lot of these bridges. My first question is just on the operational performance line on Slide 4, the $65 million lower sales and the $0.07 increased EPS, I know you had mentioned SubCom is up more than $50 million versus your expectation, can you just provide what was dragging or what was offsetting that and on the lower sales how you are able to get to $0.07, is that commodity deflation or operational improvement?
Tom Lynch: And you are talking to full year, Mike? I think I am correct.
Mike Wood: Yes.
Tom Lynch: Some of that is subsea, some of that is accelerated restructuring. And for example, related to data and devices, as we told you last quarter, we are doing some significant combination there thats driving costs out and continuing to drive the productivity side. We get a little bit of lift from metals being lower in the year as our hedges roll off versus last year, but we are going to see most of that next year. But its a combination of things and just tightening up.
Bob Hau: Mike, the revenue decline of about, I think on that page is $55 million operationally. We get the lift from SubCom, but we have, as we talked about continuing to work through, refocusing our data and device business as well as some of that weakness in ICT offsetting that.
Mike Wood: Okay, great. And then just a question in terms of recent European Western vehicle registrations have been pretty strong, it seems like the industry and yourselves are still looking for auto production that seems to remain pretty tepid. I am just curious what you are expecting there from the cadence, I mean eventually does the  is there an offset to that strong Western European vehicle registrations in other European regions that you are seeing or is this just a timing issue eventually the production will ramp back up?
Tom Lynch: Yes. Well, I mean its  I would say if you take Europe in total, its gradually improving. And to kind of put it in perspective, its still  if it stays on its current track, which would be a little under 2% total production growth. It will get back to slightly above 2012 level. So I think, yes there is more new registrations, but you  in certain countries, you also have the impact of Russia uncertainty on Eastern European and the Russian market itself, not huge, but thats down 50%. But net-net, I think the industry estimates now are is the Europe production growth, so thats the way we think about it. Its all the production of the European OEMs is going to be up high 1% and 1.5%, 1.6% range, which is a little better than its been. But still, we believe, there is pent up demand there. Its better than it's been, but its not robust yet.
Mike Wood: Great. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Youre welcome.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Mike. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Thats Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison: Good morning. Two questions, first to open the bridge, the increase in revenue guidance sequentially with EPS going down sequentially. On that typical type of volume increase, I would have expected that to mitigate the sequential FX headwinds, so if you can maybe help me out on why EPS is going down sequentially on higher revenues, it doesnt look essentially like you are getting any volume leverage?
Tom Lynch: Yes. Shawn, its not unusual in this set of businesses in Q3, particularly our transportation business for margin to drift down a little bit in Q3 and we arent expecting it to kick off. We are also seeing very low production in Q3 with a pick up because of a lot of new model launches in Q4, which means towards the end of Q3 and in Q4 we will be shipping higher content vehicles. So we have got a little bit of that. There is a more significant FX hit and that FX hit is on our European businesses. And those are  if you look at our energy, industrial equipment and particularly our very strong European auto businesses those are nice margin businesses. So you get a little bit of mix effect. And you have the ICT business slowing down a bit. So its more of a mix factor than anything else. Margins will stay in the ballpark lets say within 50 basis points of Q2, but we are solidly in the 16% range for 16% plus for the year. So, $0.09  $0.08 to $0.09 EPS impact in Q2, $0.13 in Q3, so its a variety of things depressing the earnings growth.
Shawn Harrison: Got it. Thanks. I guess to add, is there any tax rate dynamics because I know it ticked down a bit sequentially, does  do taxes rise?
Bob Hau: Yes, the tax rate for the quarter was down nicely from first quarter. Overall, we still expect the full year to be above 23%. The first half of the year, if you put the two quarters together was 22.5%. So net-net all are in line with about 23%. Largely the difference is the timing of ability to release some reserves or statute limitations expiring that we have planned just a matter of when those actually expire and when we are able to report those impacts.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then as my follow up, I understand, I guess, the concept of waiting until we have the $3 billion in hand for accelerating the buyback. But at the same time, if everything goes as planned, your stock price should be higher exiting the year than it is now and you have access to cheap capital if you want to borrow it. I think the euro debt issuance was at 1%. So, I guess more of the question is on the rationale on why not accelerating the buyback if you could borrow some short-term money and do it now before the stock price rises if everything goes as planned?
Tom Lynch: Yes, I would say while we have been pretty consistent we are not changing our answer on this, because we dont think thats a good idea obviously or else we would be doing it. But fundamentally, until the deal is closed, I mean its on track. All government approvals are not received yet. We are getting through them. I am optimistic, but its not that far off. So, rather than go through and change the capital structure from which work for us extremely well for the last 7 years, I just dont want to do it. So, its really the answer.
Shawn Harrison: Okay, thats fair. Thanks, Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Thank you. And we will go to Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thanks. On the DataComm side of the business, can you provide an update on the 25-gig product cycle in terms of what your visibility is there and then also as you start to see revenue kind of the implications for the margins in that business?
Tom Lynch: Sure, thanks Craig. I feel good about our win rate and frustrated about the actual rate of adoption. So, I think thats sort of been our sad story in a way for the last year. We have a nice product, customers seem to like it. They are selecting it. They are designing it in, but I think the tremendous amount of change thats going on in that industry is just delaying the impact of new technology. We remain committed to the product line and its not quite the drag it had been because for so long, heavy R&D we are starting to see the light at the end of that tunnel. Hopefully, we expect next year with shipping some of this product. But part of the nature of whats going on in that industry, the convergence of customers, the white box effect, software defined network, all those things that are just continuing to squeeze the industry is why we combine the two businesses and we need to run it differently than we have in the past. I like our product line. Its a much more focused product line and there is still more focusing to do, but our core connectivity product line is very good. We have been investing in high-speed and we think thats essentially going to payoff for us, but its certainly taking longer for the market to adopt this, the higher speed solutions in any significant way than we thought.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay, thanks for the color there. As a follow-up on the automotive side particularly within sensors, understanding its a time process in terms of longer cycle business, the design in, but you did have an organic development underway. Now, you have some incremental technology from the MEAS side. Can you just talk about the engagements you are seeing in the automotive side and what that means kind of mid to longer term in terms of the growth opportunity?
Tom Lynch: Yes. We are very pleased with the engagement. Of course, we are not generating any sales in our financials yet from measurement products that are capitalizing on our market presence, but there is a lot of customer engagement. And it will be a couple of years before we can turn the engagements into revenue but its happening. The number of engagements are happening faster than we expected. We just  its a really, really good product line that Measurement Specialties had, and of course, we are the established customer supplier for connectivity and our own sensor base. So, we have the credibility and the wherewithal to support the cost business. The auto customers have very, very strict requirements and that was a key part of our hypothesis that our ability to capitalize on that and bring in products that otherwise might not get there is good. So, its activity right now. So, the activity level is high. We are excited about it. A couple of small victories that will turn into revenue, but on or ahead of track I would say. But its a couple of years out before revenue synergies start to kick in. But importantly, the organic revenue of the acquisitions is tracking slightly ahead of plan. So, thats also nice. Okay?
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Craig. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we will go to Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thanks. Just looking at your Transportation Solutions margins, they are starting to get near the sort of 21% level and they have been in the 21% level last year, how much more upside do you have to the Transportation Solutions margin and how much more do you think you can do with restructuring  not necessarily restructuring, but with better cost alignment? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Sure. The transportation margins are very healthy at above 20%. Our primary focus is to drive higher revenue and thats whats starting to happen. As I mentioned earlier, if you look at our auto sale rate versus production rate, the sensor business is growing in the 8% to 10% rate. So, thats our big opportunity. I would say within the portfolio, sensors, as we mentioned when we acquired the business, significant opportunities move the margin up with our scale. It wont happen overnight, but we expect the margins up steadily towards the core automotive connectivity margins. So, you might see  it might look like our total margin is moving a little bit, but within that holding the margins we have in growing the sensor margins. At 3%, 3.5% production, I would expect to deliver 30 to 50 basis points of margin improvement, everything else being equal. So, we have been pretty consistently moving the margins up. But again, our focus is to make  to drive the revenue growth, they continue to drive above mid single-digit revenue growth into the high single-digit revenue growth in this business. That should have some natural margin flow with it.
Sherri Scribner: And then just following up on the growth rates, I think in the past, you have talked about a 6% to 8% growth rate for this business. Is that number higher with the sensor acquisition that you have done in the sensor business or is it still sort of 6% to 8%? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: We are in that range, but I think it starts to move towards the higher end of the range. Now, sensors right now is still a little more than 10% of the business. So, it doesnt have that much leverage, but thats going to change. I mean, thats our goal is to change it. So, it definitely sort of solidifies the middle of that range in our mind and starts to take it towards the higher end.
Sherri Scribner: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Okay, thank you Sherri. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we will go to Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Just a few clarifications on Measurement Specialties first, are you providing sort of the EPS accretion you are getting from it in the most recent quarter and how it looks for the rest of the year? And then secondly, I think what I heard, Tom, is that you are saying that you are seeing a pickup in wins on and around sensors, but its more longer term mainly related to auto still. Is that the right characterization? And then I had a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Yes, what my point really on the second part of the question and I will turn it to Bob for the first part is that designing process takes a while. So, you guys have the design in where you convinced the customer to let you bid on a quote and we are having a lot of that activity, then if you win, you have got to get designed in. And for these applications, even in things like appliances and on the industrial floor, its a couple of years typically before between design in and revenue. Its shorter in the consumer space of course, but we are really very targeted in that space with our sensor business. Most of our sensor business, even the way its spread today just to make up by end market today is in harsh environment. So, thats what I mean. There is this kind of the three elements. There is the organic growth thats kind of the normal MEAS and AST growth that they would have had whether we acquired them or not, we probably helped that a little bit. Thats growing at a little better rate than we thought and we bought the assumption then there is the take the sensors and leverage our channel strength for standard products. We expect to start to see that next year. And then new design wins that we enable because we are sitting with a customer that MEAS or AST would not have had access to  thats a couple of years out. So, thats the way I think about it.
Bob Hau: Steve, in terms of the impact of Measurement, on a full year basis, we expect about $0.10 in terms of EPS in the current quarter, call it $0.02 to $0.03 was what we saw in the second fiscal quarter. One important point to note between your questions and Sherris previously around the operating margin. Overall, our automotive and ICT margins actually grew year-over-year. We talked about that in our opening comments. With the acquisition of Measurement thats slightly less of the sensors business, is up nicely on a year-over-year kind of on a pro forma basis. So seeing operating performance is that actually takes the overall transportation margins down to slightly, some of that is acquisition accounting, some of that is on the beginning of sensors adding into our business. But overall, we are seeing nice margin benefits in auto and ICT.
Steven Fox: Thats really helpful. And then just really quickly on the book to bill, the 103 ex-SubCom that seems like a pretty positive number despite all the mix trends you pointed to, can you just isolate what the drivers are and I guess thats part of why the fourth quarter should be so strong?
Tom Lynch: Its in the harsh businesses. So those businesses continue to perform well, both from I think the markets are holding up and we are performing well and our design-ins continued to get a little bit bigger each year. So its really across those businesses and its we had a pretty good order  a very good order month for example in Automotive in Q2. And thats starting to line up for the model that we will start shipping into in Q4 to your point.
Steven Fox: Great. Thank you very much, congratulations.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we will go to Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi: Hey guys. Sorry, just a quick follow-up on my end. Bob, I apologize if you touched on this, but can you help us understand how we go from the $0.87 to the implied $1 for fiscal 4Q  the 3Q to 4Q jump on essentially flattish sales?
Bob Hau: Yes. There is a couple of things driving that. Number 1, we are seeing some growth in our aerospace business, so we are getting some additional leverage in that. Obviously, FX continues to be a headwind. So there is some organic growth. Productivity, the benefits of restructuring in particular, in the opening comments, I have talked about the restructuring charges that we will be taking actually in Q3, but also  excuse me in Q2, but also in the first half of the year. We have taken about $64 million worth of charges. We expect the full year to be now about $75 million of charges. The majority of those charges are associated with data and devices and oil and gas. Particularly in the data and devices business thats OpEx, so you get very quick payback and we will start seeing the benefits of that in the fourth quarter. And that helps to bring some nice leverage on the organic growth with lower OpEx spending.
Amitabh Passi: Okay.
Tom Lynch: The other thing, Amitabh, just if you look at our auto business, because of the changeover when we start shipping into the new models, our production is actually going to be higher in Q4 than it was last year. So, we are going to get it as the benefit as lower cost per unit. So we are getting a little bit of that, and there is a lot of new models being launched that we will be  they will actually come on the market calendar Q4, but we will be shipping for them to be built and in our late Q3, but mostly through our fiscal Q4, which ends in September and we have more content on that. And that helps our margin as well.
Amitabh Passi: Which is contrary to normal seasonality, right, because typically I thought...
Tom Lynch: Its not that super seasonal anymore because China has become such a bigger part of the auto story. Now it used to be more pronounced, but  and they are introducing more cars quicker. So that thing is starting to get tamped down. But in this quarter, you have got new [indiscernible] all the German OEMs are launching a bunch of new cars and so there is a little bit of an unusual impact there because we wouldnt typically see that Q3  Q4 to Q4.
Amitabh Passi: Got it. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thanks Amitabh. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we will go to Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Thanks very much. Two questions, first one for me is actually following up on the implied outlook for the fiscal fourth quarter into September, if I am doing my math right, you get to the $1 of EPS in 4Q on that flattish revenue, I mean, it seems to me like the EBIT margin is to be something in the mid-17% range and that your OpEx has to be stepping down pretty materially in the September quarter, I guess the question is around is my math right. And then the OpEx is coming down that much in the fiscal fourth quarter, what does that imply for the OpEx trends into fiscal 16, is it  are you getting the full restructuring benefits and can you hold those levels or are there going to be changes as we think about fiscal '16 OpEx?
Bob Hau: Mark, your numbers are certainly in the ballpark. And we have indicated, we expect to close the full year out well north of 16% and that implies a nice uptick into the fourth quarter. Some of that is certainly the OpEx spending, its the data and devices restructuring as well as the restructuring that we are doing in the oil and gas business to a much smaller level than what we are seeing in the data and devices plus the refocusing of that data and devices business by exiting some unprofitable product lines you see we are actually reducing revenue. But not only raising operating margin, but raising operating income dollars. And so that gives you a nice lift. So its not all OpEx, its some gross margin lift also, but definitely a nice lift into the fourth quarter.
Tom Lynch: And  I mean do you have the year-over-year the transportation business up more than usual because of what I said and the SubCom relative to last year especially. So you have two, those are the three big levers, but Bob talked about costs and then the margin effect of transportation and SubCom.
Mark Delaney: Okay. And then for a follow-up question on the industrial segment, I understand you are seeing some weakness in the oil and gas end markets specifically, some of the bigger industrial companies have seen weakness outside of oil and gas and just traditional industrial and appliance type end markets, and I missed the 1Q numbers, have you guys seen anything either in your recent order patterns or just the conversations with your customers that would indicate any broader weakness in industrial outside of oil and gas?
Tom Lynch: I wouldnt say broad and I think just all the shocks to the system between oil prices, dollars strengthening and Russia  lingering Russia situation as people kind of concerned. But if you look at the core pieces of our industrial business, we are not seeing it in aerospace and defense. We are seeing it in the oil and gas to your point. We are seeing it in industrial equipment. We are keeping an eye on China. I mean what happened in our quarter is China softened and Europe was strong in industrial equipment in the second quarter from both the sales and order rates. So its kind of mixed for sure. In the appliance business, its mixed, U.S., solid, China, slowing a bit. So I think its not a kind of  there is not a lot a momentum in the growth rate is the way I would say it. I thought 90 days ago there would be more momentum in the world from a growth point of view, and its kind of going just sideways. So it is  there is pockets of  there is industries like auto that overall are continuing to have a very positive outlook and do well, particularly auto in a couple parts of the world. But its a real mix bag, its not a circumstance that has one comfortable, I would say.
Mark Delaney: Thank you very much.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And thats from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. This is [indiscernible] filling in for Wamsi today. Thanks for taking the question. Tom, you have talked about in the data and devices segment exiting some low margin products, just wanted to clarify how much of that is left and what kind of margin improvement can that translate to?
Tom Lynch: Sure. We are getting through it. Its on the other side I would say. So most of the heavy exits, a little bit left to do, the way we think about that business with the combination of a more focused product line and the cross actions we are taking as, one, it should contribute to EPS growth next year. And as you start going out to the next year, we would expect it to start closing in on double-digit margins.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, alright. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: Thanks [indiscernible]. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we will go to Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much. And the bridge to the financials was greatly appreciated. I have a question regarding Slide 5. So if you take a look at Slide 5 on the transportation side, I see that you show auto up 4% and then you have a little note on 1% unit growth. So if I do math correctly, that shows about 3% content growth net of ASP erosion. So I am just kind of scratching my head here, is there a content growth supposed to be about net 4% to 6% driven by about 6% to 8% content growth plus ASP erosion of 2% long-term, so was pricing more aggressive or content a little bit that less or was this more of a rounding error or is my memory and math wrong, because I thought kind of the general rule of thumb was global autos long-term 1% to 3%, which is 1% this quarter, which is fine, and so then you have got 6% to 8% content less ASP erosion of 2%, so kind of a long-term growth rate of adding 4% to 6%. So, if you could just kind of help me out a little bit about whats going on there, maybe its just rounding error?
Bob Hau: The model we always refer to is production is what it is. This quarter was 1% content, its 4% to 6% and price is 2%. So, we dont net price in that scenario against content. 4% to 6%, so its not 6% to 8%. If we netted price, it will be 2% to 4%.
Jim Suva: Got it. Okay, great. And then regarding content growth for cars, is it being relatively stable growth, acceleration or with oil prices going down, has there been a deceleration or can you talk a little bit about content growth of what you are seeing?
Tom Lynch: Its pretty stable. I mean, it really hasnt changed that much. I mean what we see is in every part of the world, content growth is going up. So, some parts of the world, the European cars have the highest content, but everybody continues to move up. And the biggest  the three big drivers, right, safe, green and connected, so you have just more safety, everything from more airbags to better breaking system, stability control, things like that. You have the connectivity, which is really increasing. And then you have emissions or green, which is driving a lot more electronics around the engine in the powertrain in general, which of course, operating margin connectivity and more sensing to optimize the performance of the engine so that you can hit the emission target. So  but I would say its pretty steady, because with I think if you go back years ago we would have thought hybrid electric would be a higher percentage of the market than it is today. And that as you know has significantly more content. That really has a move, I think as much as anybody thought. And one of the reasons is gas prices are down. And if you look at the latest numbers in the U.S., SUV and pickup trucks are way up. So, the high gas consumption vehicles are way up and actually hybrids are not. So, its kind of a mixed bag, but generally we have not seen any significant shift in the trends.
Jim Suva: Great, okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Sujal Shah: Alright, thank you Jim. I think we have no further questions so if you do have further questions please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a great day.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - VP of IR Tom Lynch - Chairman and CEO Bob Hau - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Amitabh Passi - UBS Mike Wood - Macquarie Matt Sheerin - Stifel Steven Fox - Cross Research Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch William Stein - SunTrust Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Jim Suva - Citi
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Today we'll be discussing TE Connectivity's first quarter results along with the announcements to sell our Broadband Network Business to CommScope. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau, who will provide an overview of the transaction, review our first quarter results and guidance and then talk about TE going forward. We will conclude with a Q&A session. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we're able to cover all the questions during the allotted time. Now let me turn the call over to Tom for opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Sujal, and good morning to everyone. Certainly very exciting time for our company and we have a lot to cover this morning and let me start by covering the transaction we announced earlier this morning. So please turn to Slide 4. Earlier this morning, we announced a definitive agreement to sell our BNS business, which consists of TE's Telecommunication Enterprise Networks and Wireless business to CommScope. CommScope is an industry leader and we believe they are the right company to lead our BNS team and business forward. Our BNS team has build a successful business and I want to thank them for their contribution, innovation, leadership and commitment to TE over the years and we look forward to working closely with CommScope to close out the transaction. Our decision to sell BNS is really a key step in our strategy to continue to focus on strengthening the company's leadership position in the attractive connectivity and sensor market where we provide solutions that are essential for the connected world. As you know earlier this year, we made the strategic decision to establish a leadership position in the sensor business. We believe that focus on connectivity and sensors with special emphasis on harsh environment solutions, position TE to provide our customers with an unmatched range of solutions and to further accelerate sales and profit growth. When this transaction is complete, 90% of our revenue will be focused on providing connectivity and sensor solutions, which enable our customers to capitalize on the megatrends of safer, greener, smarter and more connected. As billions of devices, objects and people become part of the internet of things, TE technology will play an increasingly key role. We have an unmatched range of products to meet these needs and unmatched resources facing the customer, designing and supplying the products. Following the close of the transaction, 80% of our revenue will be focused on providing solutions for harsh environment applications, up from 50% several years ago. This has been a major focus of our strategy and I am very pleased with our progress and the results, which we will touch on in more detail when we review the quarter. TE has a decade long track record of clear leadership and meeting the demand of connectivity and harsh applications. This is our sweet spot and importantly the transaction will enable us to continue to maintain a very balanced capital allocation strategy. We intend to use the bulk of the proceeds from the transaction for share repurchase, while we also continue to aggressively invest organically and inorganically. Now please turn to Slide 5 and I'll provide an overview of the transaction. The value of the transaction is $3 billion in cash with the valuation of approximately 10 times adjusted EBITDA. We believe this is an attractive valuation for the business, which generated $1.9 billion of revenue in fiscal 2014. We expect the transaction to be neutral to adjusted earnings per share one year after closure when you factor in the use of the proceeds. Our guidance provided this morning includes BNS; however, moving forward BNS will be reported as discontinued operation. As I mentioned earlier, the majority of the proceeds of the transaction are expected to be used for share buyback with flexibility to make strategic investment. The Board has authorized an increase to our share buyback authorization by $3 billion making our total share repurchase authorization now approximately $3.7 billion. We do expect the transaction to close by the end of calendar 2015 subject to customary closing regulation. Now I am going to shift over to the quarter and talk about the highlights in the quarters and now then I'll hand it off to Bob Hau, who will go into the quarter in some detail. So Slide 7 provides a summary of our Q1 results. We delivered strong results for Q1 with organic revenue growth in line with expectations and 20% adjusted EPS growth year-over-year. Total company orders were $3.7 billion, up 9%, excluding SubCom, orders were up 4%. Book-to-bill excluding SubCom was 1.03%. We continue to execute our strategy to strengthen our leadership position in harsh environment applications with harsh business revenue growth of 10% year-over-year. We continue to grow faster than the market in China in our harsh environment businesses. TEOA continues to drive profitability and enhance our margins. Adjusted gross margins were up 100 basis year-over-year and adjusted operating margins expanded to 16%. We're really pleased with the performance of Measurement Specialties and AST and have been successful in obtaining new sensor design wins across multiple market segments. I would say these acquisitions have pretty much seamlessly come into our company. For fiscal 2015, we're holding our full year adjusted EPS guidance at the midpoint of $4.20 despite a much worsening headwind from FX. We expect continued strong performance from our harsh businesses and the continued recovery of SubCom to offset this FX headwind. And then lastly, our Board has recommended an increase in the dividend to $1.32 per share. This is the fifth consecutive year of double-digit increase in the dividend. Our shareholders will vote on this proposal in March and it should go into effect in June. With the most recent move of the dollar versus world currencies, our 2015 FX headwinds are now approximately $900 million in revenue and $0.35 in earnings per share versus last year, versus the full year guidance we provided last quarter, we have an incremental impact of $500 million on the revenue line and $0.20 per share. Despite this headwind, we're maintaining our full year adjusted EPS guidance of $4.20, which delivers double-digit earnings per share growth. I have to say we feel pretty good about this performance. Now I'll turn it over to Bob to cover our segment result's financials and guidance in a little more detail.
Bob Hau: Thanks Tom and good morning, everyone. I'll start with the transportation on Slide 8, a business which continues to perform exceptionally well and extend our leadership position. In Q1, we grew 8% organically with OEM vehicle production growth of less than 1%. This performance reflects the steady increase in content growth, coupled with our broad based share gains over the last several years. Q1 was our first quarter owning Measurement Specialties and the integration momentum of this business is ahead of our expectations. Within the first 90 days, we secured a new integrated sense in connector design win in medical application and our engaged new automotive applications. We continue to expect our total sensor business to grow above market due to our unique combination of technology, resources and broad deep customer relationships. Total transportation, adjusted operating income was $345 million in Q1, up 16% year-over-year with 80 basis points expansion in adjusted operating margins due to volume growth, favorable mix and strong productivity execution. Looking forward, we expect another good quarter in Q2 with actual sales growth up mid single digits. Please turn to Slide 9. Our Industrial Solutions segment performed well in Q2 with 3% actual and organic sales growth, representing the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth for this segment. Industrial equipment was flat organically with growth in China offset by market softness in Europe and Japan. In Aerospace, Defense, Oil, and Gas, we saw 8% organic growth, driven by continued strength in commercial aerospace. We received many questions about revenue risk from falling oil prices and our exposure is actually quite limited. As a result, we would expect continued strength in commercial aerospace to more than offset slight weakness in our oil and gas business. In our energy business, we saw 1% organic growth with gains in Americas, offsetting market softness in Europe and China. Adjusted operating income was $101 million in Q1, up 1% versus the prior year and we continue to invest in footprint optimization and go-to-market resources to accelerate profitable growth. For Q2 we expect to grow low single digits with mid single digit growth organically. Turning to Slide 10, our Network segment grew 2% year-over-year on an organic basis, driven by growth in our SubCom business as a result of projects that are ramping ahead of schedule. We're increasing our revenue outlook for SubCom to approximately $650 million for fiscal 2015 and expect our three large projects, which recently came into force to contribute over $900 million over the next two to three years. Our Broadband and DataComm businesses declined versus the prior year impacted by regional declines and project delays. In Q2, we expect total network solutions revenue growth in the high teens organically, driven by SubCom with Broadband and DataComm up slightly organically. If you turn to Slide 11, I'll discuss our Consumer Solutions segment. In consumer devices, we continue to narrow our focus in order to improve profitability, while continuing to invest in technologies that are important to the company as a whole such as miniaturization, antennas and wearable enablers. Today we're announcing plans to combine our Consumer Devices and DataComm business units. The customers we serve in these businesses are converging and much of the underlying technology and products are quite similar. This is the next key step to accelerate the performance in these businesses, which are core to our connectivity portfolio. Please turn to Slide 12, where I'll provide more details and earnings. Adjusted operating income was $555 million, up 14% versus the prior year. The growth versus the prior year is driven by improved manufacturing productivity across the company and volume leverage. GAAP operating income was $477 million and included $27 million of restructuring and other charges, most of which were in the Consumer Solutions segment and $51 million of acquisition related charges in the quarter as expected. Adjusted EPS was $0.98 for the quarter above the high end of guidance, driven by strong productivity, mix and cost management. GAAP EPS was $1.14 for the quarter and GAAP EPS included acquisition related charges of $0.09, restructuring and other charges of $0.06 and income related to tax items of $0.31. The tax item primarily stems from the effective settlement of essentially all pre-separation tax matters with the exception of the inner company debt issue. We're currently scheduled for litigation in February of 2016 if no settlement can be reached prior to that time. For the full year 2015, I continue to expect approximately $50 million to $75 million of restructuring and other charges and reflecting $0.10 at midpoint of our guidance, up slightly versus last year. We expect roughly $0.22 of charges associated with recent acquisitions, which we more than offset by gains from the settlement of tax liabilities. Turning to Slide 13, I'll discuss the financial metrics that are tied to the TE operating advantage or TEOA. Our adjusted gross income in the quarter was 34.6%. This is an expansion of 100 basis points versus the prior year, driven primarily by productivity gains from TEOA initiatives and leverage on additional volume. Adjusted operating margins expanded 140 basis points, driven by productivity and operating expense leverage. Total operating expenses were $643 million in the quarter with SG&A decreasing versus the prior year and R&D increasing to $184 million, mostly from acquisitions and the support growth primarily in transportation. Total operating expenses were 18.6% of sales, down 40 basis points from the prior year. Cash from continuing operations was $295 million and our free cash flow in Q1 was $162 million. Free cash flow was impacted by the timing of tax payments and SubCom project activity. Gross capital expenditures were up slightly year-over-year and net capital expenditures were up $16 million versus the prior year. I expect capital spending rate to be approximately 5% of sales for 2015. I note we added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix of this slide for additional details. Now I'll turn it back to Tom/
Tom Lynch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to Slide 14 and I'll cover our outlook at a high level with additional details provided in the slide. We expect to deliver another solid quarter in Q2 with revenue of $3.55 billion to $3.6 billion, up 3% to 6% year-over-year and in line with our normal seasonal patterns. We expect adjusted earnings per share of $0.98 to $1.02, an increase of 3% to 7% year-over-year. Our Q2 outlook does include a headwind from currency exchange rates which are negatively affecting our guidance by approximately $250 million in revenue and $0.10 per share versus the prior quarter, I am sorry, versus the prior year. Our second quarter performance will be driven by the continued strong performance of our harsh environment businesses, the building momentum in SubCom and contributions from our sensor and oil and gas acquisition. This is more than offsetting the significant FX headwind. Now if you'll turn to Slide 15, for the full year, we expect to deliver another year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth, despite these strong FX headwinds. We have a number of catalysts for growth. The strong secular trend is increasing electronic content, especially in harsh applications, our expansion into the high growth sensor market and the recovering SubCom business. For the full year, we now expect revenue of $14.45 billion to $14.85 billion, up 5% versus the prior year and this reflects 6% organic growth. And note that the total impact of currency exchange rates is approximately $900 million versus the prior year. Our new revenue guidance represents $150 million of incremental organic growth versus our October view with increases in transportation and industrial appliance and SubCom. And as I mentioned earlier we're maintaining our adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $4.05 to $4.35 per share, representing year-over-year growth of 11% at the midpoint. Just for clarity, compared to our prior guidance last quarter, this represents a $0.20 operational improvement offsetting a $0.20 headwind from that foreign exchange. To provide a baseline for the performance of our business organically, adjusted EPS would have grown in the neighborhood or 20% year-over-year and constant currencies and for one for the negative impact of a $1. But the good news is we're offsetting this with strong performance in the business. I am now going to spend a few minutes talking about how we think about TE going forward post the BNS sale, so please turn to Slide 17. In the nine years I've been here, I've never felt better about the opportunities facing the company and our ability to seize them. These mega trends of safe green, smart and connected represent a market opportunity of approximately $165 billion for connectivity and sensor solution and we are the leading provider of these solutions. These markets are expected to grow at roughly 2X GDP over the long term driven by this increase in electronic content in virtually every industry. Please turn to Slide 18 and I'll give you a few examples of the accelerating content story. In the automotive market, we're capitalizing on our leadership in connectivity to become a leader in sensors and our customers are very excited about the combination. This combination of connectors and sensors represents a potential of approximately $400 of content for the average vehicle. Today we're the clear leader with content of slightly above $60 per vehicle. So there is a lot of opportunity and we're investing in the resources to capture more of it. In the commercial aerospace market, there is going to be about 37,000 new planes expected to be delivered over the next 20 years and all have a significant increase in electronic content. On top of that, TE content is increasing pretty significantly and in almost every platform as a result of the increased organic investments over the last several years, coupled with the very strategic Deutsche acquisition, which is going very well. Our customers increasingly see us as a solutions provider, which is driving up our content per design opportunity that's very exciting. We're getting to do things we hadnt had the opportunity to do a few years ago. And in some cases, where we bring a broader solution, we can actually see our content go up eight to 10 times over prior model. In the industrial equipment market, electronic content is also increasing due to a variety of reasons, but you can see the big increases in factory automations, robotics and the smart factory we see it all over the world and all of these require more sensors and more connectivity and we are very well positioned with these product lines. Please turn to Slide 19, as you know, the core of our strategy over the past several years has been to strengthen our leadership and harsh environment application. Post the BNS transaction, this will represent approximately 80% of our business. Harsh environments demand excellent, engineering and manufacturing and the typical application we're involved very early with our customers in the design phase and they're increasingly relying on us to provide the products, sensor pass more signal, operate in higher power environments and take less space and weight. This is our specialty and what we see increasing system knowledge in these applications is very important and that is the strength of ours. These solutions typically have a lot of stickiness because the cost of change is high and our customers rely on the value we provide and continue to ask us to do more. We are having a very positive reaction as I said earlier to the expansion of our sensor capabilities because that gives us more options to meet customer needs and these are customers that are typically looking to reduce the numbers of suppliers in order to get more strategic suppliers and simplify their own supply chain. In the harsh environment markets, we've been steadily increasing inorganic and organic investments. We've expanded engineering and field resources at a faster rate and sales growth over the past several years and our performance in TEOA is consistently driving up quality performance and our margin performance. Please turn to Slide 20 and I'll wrap things up before we go to Q&A. So really the summary of today is going forward TE will be more focused than ever on what we do best. 90% of our portfolio will be focused on sensors and connectors and almost 80% will be in harsh environment application. We have the broadest and deepest censoring connectivity solutions on the market and we will continue to strengthen this portfolio to be our customer's best choice. We also feel this portfolio will enable us to accelerate our sales and profit growth and continue to make TE a top choice for investors. So with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks and congrats on a nice guide and asset sale guys. Maybe to start with the fiscal '15 guide, I am just curious how do you think commodities are playing out in the guide? My math is that it's a $0.08, $0.09 benefit for you guys, but I think your hedges could delay this. So curious how commodities are playing out and any updated thoughts on potential looking to start hedging FX as we go forward given how severe the impact has been for you guys?
Tom Lynch: Hi Amit, thanks. I would say we're definitely seeing commodity cost come down as you know. With copper, our strategy has always been to hedge that to mach cost with price and the timing of the cycles out there. So in particular, the big decline in copper prices that's happened recently will start to flow into us late in the year, which should provide a nice tailwind going into early next year. Bob, you want to talk about
Bob Hau: Yes, so first starting from an impact, you're right. You're a little bit heavy given the timing of the hedges and how those play out around the metals, copper, gold and silver. It's probably $0.05, $0.06 benefit to 2015 and of course if metals continue where they're at, it will be a nice tailwind for us into 2016. In terms of currency, as you know we are largely naturally hedged from a transactional standpoint. We have factories around the globe and we build locally for our local customers and so from a transactional standpoint, we don't have much exposure and where we do, we actually do hedge the remaining exposure. From a translational standpoint, which is the impact that Tom talked about in his opening remarks, we do not hedge and I think you'll find a vast majority of the companies that have foreign currency exposure on a translational standpoint, don't hedge those currencies that would be taking a bet on where those currencies will be going and I don't want to take that bet.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. And then I was wondering if you could just may be touch on the Transportation Solutions business, that you guys had really impressive I think organic growth in the December quarter, your order book looks like it remains fairly robust. The auto production environment I think has been fairly stable over the last 90 days, so I am curious, do you think content growth broadly is starting to pick up from the 5%, 6% threshold that you have in the past of do you guys think you see more market share wins, what's driving the strength on the transportation organic growth basis?
Tom Lynch: Content is drifting up, but the big thing in this time period is the share we won three and four years ago. It's the design ins, particularly that we won coming out of the crises when we kept investing in engineering and our auto business across the world. And in two areas that we got -- that we werent leaders, but we were the leader in the U.S., but with tremendous opportunity in China we made significant investments in those regions. We always had a large investment in Europe and it's really paid off. So I would say more than anything it's the design ins that we won that take a few years to come to pass. We do see content continuing to drift up I don't think it's at the outside. It's probably that 4% to 6% range might be 4.5% to 6%, 4.5% to 6.5%, but a lot depends on in there mix and stuff like that, but for us it's been -- it's been more of the design wins of recent years.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you, Amit. Can we have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi from UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi: Hi guys. Thank you. And congrats again from my end. I guess Tom, my first question for us is how are you thinking about the rest of the portfolio, particularly if we look at some of the underperforming segments and at your networks DataComm, consumer solutions, maybe if you can just give us an update in terms of the rest of the portfolio?
Tom Lynch: As Bob mentioned on DataComm and consumer, we actually decided to and we're announcing that real time that we're putting those businesses together into one business. The customers are all becoming the same. There was always customer overlap and now it's converging more and more especially in China. The technology particularly the core connectivity technology that goes inside a box is very similar. So we see a much -- more opportunity to leverage that and this is going to help our scale and cost effectiveness, which we need to drive the profitability up. So that's the plan there and I think it's important that people understand that DataComm and consumer are very, very core to the business. I view them as core as automotive because it's another range of products. If you think of a company like ours, our specialty is connecting and we're building specialty in censors and those applications at knowledge, they go into a variety of different applications that happen to be stronger in some than others, but the core technology, the core science, the physics, the manufacturing practices, the supply chain, they're all very similar, they're all practically identical. So those are core businesses and the strategy really is to be more selective because the profit pools have changed a lot more in consumer and DataComm than they had in the long cycle industrial, transportation type businesses. With respect to energy; energy, I've used a very good solid business for us. It's been a little less of expectation for the last couple of years because it's Europe more than anything else, we're growing ahead of market in the U.S. we have a nice niche, a strong niche position because we're selective in China, but we expect as the energy grid has to be upgraded in Europe, that we're well positioned and it's a very focused well run business.
Amitabh Passi: Excellent, and then just as a follow-up Bob, on industrial Excellent. And then, just as a follow-up, Bob. On industrial solutions can you may be remind us again what needs to occur to structurally drive margins potentially into the mid to upper-teens? And then may be just related, can you just clarify what the gross margin was for BNS?
Bob Hau: From industrial solutions standpoint, we've seen some nice margin lift in that business over the last couple of years. We've now got six consecutive quarters of growth. So we're seeing some volume leverage that will flow through. As I mentioned, in the current quarter we're down just slightly on a year-over-year basis, really driven by some investments we're making in footprint optimization moving some product around to get it in the right factories, as well as some investments in go-to-market resources. Our sales folks, product people that support our customers, as they develop their next generation products to make sure we're there with them. Both of those actions will continue to drive cost out to the footprint optimization as well as top line revenue growth. So the 13% slightly below company average right now, but we'll see that continue to expand in later part of this year and obviously into the future.
Tom Lynch: And what I'd add to that is that in our aerospace business is well above company average. And our industrial equipment business right at may be slightly below company average, but we expect it to be at or above company average in the next two quarters. And it's the energy business which is more -- it's just really suffering from a very slow market right now that has pulled that down. But I'm pretty confident that with a slight uptick in sales, I mean when we're at 1% you don't get much operating leverage and the team has done a good job of holding their margin there. But that will pick up. I mean it's only going to probably be at 3% to 4% grower, but when that happens we have a lot of operating leverage in that business. So, as we've said before, we view this business, we expect this business to be kind of a high-teens operating margin business and that's the moves we're making to ensure we get there.
Bob Hau: And in terms of BNS, we don't provide operating margin by segment, but we have said in the past and continue to be public with operating margin for broadband networks business is slightly above company average nicely into the double-digit level.
Amitabh Passi: Gross margin, right?
Bob Hau: It's operating margin.
Amitabh Passi: Okay.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Amitabh. Could we have next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood: Hi. Congratulations. First question just on the upside that you called out in the quarter of Measurement Specialties, is that coming from end market growth or has there been any tweaks that you've put into the business so far.
Tom Lynch: Hi Mike. Thanks, by the way. I would say it's mostly the market right now. We haven't had a chance to let's say impact sales growth with most of our focus has been on the integration as to fully understand what we have so we can help set the priorities. Our biggest challenge which is a great challenge is more opportunities than we can deal with, so that's a big priority. But getting out of the gate then leading the numbers they had signed up for Measurement was important. Our own internal sensor business continuing to be strong and just continuing to ride on that back of a very robust market, which is exciting -- which as exciting, maybe more exciting to me because it gets to the strategic part of it. Now the reason we did it is we're seeing -- we're getting in a lot more request for proposals participating and having customers ask us to bid in some of these harsh businesses, the customers that we knew, but now bidding the MEAS technology. That doesnt result in revenue for few years, as you know, but we're happy to see that this is happening quickly. And that's really the theory of why we did this in the power of the combination that our go-to-market resources and global supply chain with MEAS' very broad and deep engineering team and technology pipeline. And we're seeing it. We're only one quarter into it. One quarter obviously doesn't make a gain, but it's what we've seen in them some, so very pleased that it at least getting off to a good start.
Mike Wood: Great. And for my follow-up, and I understand if you can't provide detail on this, but given your new focus which is primarily on harsh, these critical use applications typically carry high margin. So do you have a longer term margin goal for the company given this new focus, or also just a new benchmarking peer set that you're measuring your performance on?
Tom Lynch: I'd say the way to think about it, Mike, is no, we have not set like we did years ago, the 15% margin goal. When we set that we felt that was really critical to prove that the company had reached the point of strong operating capability. Now, its drive a growth of 5% to 7% consistently, organic growth and we would expect to drive 50 basis point plus margin growth. Of course, all of our businesses have aggressive targets for sales growth and margin growth with TEOA. It's how we decide what parts of the portfolio to go after. But we have not set a new sort of external margin threshold that we want to reach. Will we? May be. We want to get through the divestiture of BNS and the integration of MEAS. But I think generally, if you listen to us we think we can maintain and continue to drive strong transportation margins. We think there's room in industrial margins. The BNS margin will be a net sale accretive to the company. And we have pretty much all upside in the consumer device margin and the DataComm margin because they are low. So there's a lot of margin drivers in the company. And I think you see it in Q1 where we hit, and we had some nice mix in Q1 for sure. So maybe we got a few -- 20 or 30 basis points more than the typical, but we're knocking on the door of 16 and we feel good about that.
Mike Wood: Great. Thanks.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Mike. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citi. Please go ahead. Jim Suva, your line is open. Okay. We'll move on. We'll go to your next question. That question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thanks and good morning. Just another question regarding the sale of the networking business. It looks like a portion of the DataComm business has been carved out within the sale to CommScope. Is that the wireless part? And could you tell us what the run rate of your DataComm business is now.
Tom Lynch: None of the DataComm business has carved out. We -- wireless, to your point, is a broad term. So when we talk about wireless in our networks business, we're talking about distributed antenna systems, but any of the wireless product that DataComm has, has stayed with data comm.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. So you're keeping that. Okay. And, could
Tom Lynch: What is in BNS today.
Matt Sheerin: Got you. And just regarding the Measurement Specialties, I know the sensor business is sitting within your transportation business, but Measurement also sells into industrial and consumer markets. Will that business also be working with your other segments in terms of cross-selling and sales opportunities, or will these running on a standalone basis?
Tom Lynch: Now from the day one thats we did. And that's one of the things I'm most pleased about that in all of our relevant businesses, most relevant businesses where we want to broaden the sensor opportunity quickly, lot of activity in automotive, lot of activity in industrial transportation, lot of activity in medical, significant activity in aerospace even though that's much longer cycle. To be able to bring sensor solution to the table to a big customer it enhances your standing with that customer, and significant activity in the appliance business. So we've already mapped the people in the -- our traditional businesses into the sensor business with some ground rules that we don't overwhelm the new sensor team. But I am very pleased with the collaboration and the sensibility that everybody is using in how to pursue opportunities but not get out ahead of our headlights. And we've got a couple of design in already which frankly happened sooner than I thought.
Bob Hau: Matt, that's one the reasons you may have noticed in our Transportation Solutions slide in the presentation. We are now reporting three different business units within the Transportation Solutions segment; automotive, commercial transport and sensors to provide the visibility into the sensor business that is, as you point out, more than an automotive.
Matt Sheerin: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much.
Bob Hau: Yeah.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Matt. Could we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Just on the transaction, first of all, in terms of use of proceeds, I understand where investing in your stock could be a good way to neutralize EPS dilution, but can you just sort of give us a sense of where you stand versus pursuing other acquisitions and may be could be even more accretive use of funds.
Tom Lynch: First, Steve thanks. We have a pretty robust pipeline, as we've talked about before. That pipeline is very focused on harsh. And as always in these situations, you never know how and when things are going to break free. So, we have priorities, how they would fit. And I think the nice thing is that as we showed last year, we could make significant moves like SEACON measurement in AST, significant investments in acquisitions and continue to have a very balanced return of capital in form of dividend increases and share repurchase. We will -- to us that's kind of an ideal year, may be not spent $2 billion in capital every year, but if the right opportunity was there, we will seize it if it's doable. So we clearly view what's the strong operational performance we have now and there's still room for improvement that putting more on the top line is the top priority. We see our customers wanting us to do more because disability to integrate and package that we're very good at and we already do an automotive and industrial transportation and aerospace and defense and are starting to do an industrial really helps the customer. So this idea of a broad range of connectivity and sensors is very potent from the customers' point of view. So we're always looking to add into that. So I would -- you would expect to see us continuing to do a nice mix of M&A and capital returns.
Steven Fox: Great. And then just to clarify a couple of comments, Tom, in terms of the Measurement Specialties business. You're saying that the revenues reported today are all basically from the company's acquired book of business. But that you -- the teams have already gotten together, and I've pulled some sales synergies that we should start seeing over the next few quarters. And if you could talk about what that little hanging fruit sort of revolves around. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: As we've pointed out when we made the acquisitions, Steve, the sales -- the design in sale synergies like any design in sale synergies take a while, so that's kind of year two, year three. The short-term sale synergies are more out of two paths. One, we have more people selling to all these customers, so can we sell more existing solutions to a customer just because we're in front of more customers. So we expect to start to see some of that towards the end of the year. And what in the products that can go through the channel. So our channel team, its lead by John Wainwright is working with our channel partners to identify what are the practical products that can be sold through the channel. And we view that as the shortest term revenue synergy. But the longer ones are when we see that we can integrate a sensor into a wire and a certain application, whether it'd be an industrial or medical or whatever that takes a few years to turn into revenue, all consistent with our acquisition plan.
Steven Fox: Great. That's very helpful. Congratulations on the transaction.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Steve. Could we have next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison: Hi. Good morning and congratulations on the results. I just wanted to dig in on two things in terms of the broadband networks business being sold and also the buyback. It looks like maybe the accretion this year from that business would have been or the earnings contribution -- excuse me-- would have been around $0.40 to $0.45 meaning that you pick up at least 50 basis points of margin consolidated once the business is sold. But maybe why not accelerate the buyback earlier? You guys don't have significant leverage to even fill that gap earlier than let's say 18 to 24 months out.
Tom Lynch: Yeah. Shawn, thanks for the question. In terms of their profitability, we're little bit higher than what you've suggested, but order of magnitude that's about right. In terms of the share buyback, as we noted in our opening comments, we anticipate the deal to close by the end of the calendar year, and so that $3 billion of cash isn't available until the deal closes at the end of the year. It doesn't mean -- we are already and will continue to be active in our ongoing share buyback program. We bought back this most recently completed quarter and we'll continue to do that as part of our return to capital program. But the $3 billion when that becomes available we'll increase that activity.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then there's a follow-up, with the combination of DataComm and consumer devices, EBIT margin is probably best case scenario right now or maybe mid-single-digits other than revenue synergies. How do you see the margins for that business long-term? Can it be add a mid-teens EBIT margins and what steps need to be taken other than just bring yourselves of low margin business to get there.
Tom Lynch: Sure. And again, you've got peal back the onion a little bit. So, if you look at in both businesses, the core connector businesses, the EBIT margin is well above that. In DataComm we have been investing in high-speed solutions and those product lines, if you have measured them and as we do product line profitability, they are losing money because they are in investment stage and the designing is just starting. So the core business where we miniaturize connectors, go into server, storage, smartphones, pretty decent business, not as high operating margin as industrial or industrial transportation that's there. Then its can we be successful with these R&D initiatives we have what I call. I mean they're not pure R&D because we're selling the products, but they just haven't been adapted across the industries yet. And so that's really the question. How long will we pursue those? We really believe in this insatiable data world that for datacenters and for other applications in our company, high speed, more than five, 10, 12 gigabit is going to be necessary. So we're developing fiber connectivity and copper connectivity for 25 gig plus. Those are strategic investments that happen to reside in the DataComm business. And then we're looking at some other advanced technologies that are most naturally in the consumer business because that's where you get the initial application that may not be the most where we get the bang for the buck eventually. Certain type of manufacturing that we're applying there because the miniaturization that's where the trend starts there. And by the way, over the years we have seen the ability to miniaturize their move quickly into our automotive business where it's been more and more important over the last five years. So it's not -- the good news is it's not just that's you've got to cost reduce this thing. And if you keep cost reducing it, you make it an uncompetitive business. No, two-thirds of our business is solid and can get better, no questions. That's the core connector business and one-third are investments we're making, and we have milestones that we hold ourselves to that are proof points that either yes we have the right technology, or the market is taking the technology. And when we see those not happen, and I'll give you good example of a product line Magnetic that we divested last year, that was one of those. We felt like we had a better way to solve the Magnetic's issues and it turned out we didn't so we divested it. So that's how I think about those businesses. But they are very core-wise, they are core connectivity businesses. And how big they'll be in the portfolio is to be determined, but they will be in the portfolio.
Shawn Harrison: Right. And just quickly, Tom. I'm sorry. The follow-up on the 25, 40 gig move. In the last time on the call you thought may be toward the end of the year you would see some greater adoption. Do you still view that as potential dynamic exiting the fiscal year?
Tom Lynch: I do. It's not going to be big in the numbers because it takes time. But the good news is we won contracts. The program management is starting to plan the installation and all good signs. But the rate of winning needs to increase for this to look like it is the business we thought it would be. We're not surprised it's kind of tracking to what we thought when we had a reset. And the industry, with all the change it went through, began to embrace these kind of things a little slower. But all the customers are saying they need to get there. It's just the rate at which they're going to get there.
Shawn Harrison: Thanks so much, and congrats again.
Tom Lynch: Thanks.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Shawn. Could we have next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thanks so much. Quite a ride, Tom, in terms of I think of since the split from Tyco, a lot of portfolio management, arguably much for the better at this point. So with that I'd love to get your thoughts in terms of oppose the latest sale, what that means in terms of that, the clarity of the strategy, the organization and as you execute to the harsh environment going forward.
Tom Lynch: Sure. From the strategy that we've had inside the company, has been pretty darn that we've had a strategy map that I think we modify a little bit every couple of years, but it's been fundamentally consistent around connectivity. We got more granular when we acquired Deutsche around; become much more aggressive around harsh connectivity and what that meant was acquire. We were moving at a nice pace and we always had a strong harsh business. But then in a sense took the double down approach and we are fortunate Deutsche came on the market and we got it. We were incubating the sensor business to see is that a place that we should go into or not. We didn't know. And we had some doubts. But when we kind of broke through a few years ago, then we decided logical place for us to be, not only because sensor is a good business and the skills we have are similar no exact, but the skills you need to be successful on sensors, but more importantly, because we see the conversions in the solutions. And so, then -- as that moved from let's see if we want to be in sensors too, this needs to be a new platform for the company, that changed the focus on networks. That made networks an important part of the business, but not as critical. And we also concluded that in that time to really have the kind of business in broadband networks that we have in harsh or could have in sensors, we needed to augment the product line pretty significantly a much broader wireless capability, which is not really something we could develop organically. And that was going to be a bit of a challenge. And then, we weighed that against other opportunities. We decided we're going to have to optimize that business another way. Now we were fortunate enough to find a very strategic buyer. Because, you may have a business you -- optimization may not mean selling because you're not going to get the value for it. But we got a very strategic buyer, perfect set. So we could get more value than we could by running it ourselves or spending it out or something like that. So I think our patience of pursuing an optimal solution in this case paid off. So now you get to the point where 90% connectors and sensors, 80% harsh. A pretty consistent strategy, the manufacturing methods are the same pretty much in these businesses. How you go to market are very similar, the applications are slightly different. The sharing of technology, you're sharing it across 90% of the business now. And it's very exciting, especially at a time when customers are asking us to come in earlier in the architecture. And that's why the solutions we're bringing in many cases today they're not sell support solutions. There really are how do we optimize higher power, higher-speed and a smaller footprint on this manifold in this vehicle platform, what else can you do for us here? So that's pretty exciting to us because it starts to open up other new paths for growing the business. And we don't want to -- we want to completely focus around that.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks for that. As a follow-up on MEAS and sensors specifically, when we talk about growing that above market, can you give any context in terms of are there certain niches where they play where they are very strong that are growing faster than the market relative to utilizing your larger sales force and distribution channel that should drive growth too. Can you give any context in terms of how that shapes out?
Tom Lynch: Yeah. The business grew up with a very customer-focus which is good, but not so much an industry-focus. So going in when a customer here or there and really do well with that customer because in the smaller company you often say that catch 22 well, where do I get the resources. I don't want to get out ahead of my headlights. So we're bringing them into more; for example, appliance customers than they were in before. We're bringing them into more medical customers than they were in before. They weren't in automotive customers and we're bringing them in there. And in industrial transportation where they have a very nice business, the combination of their sensor business and our connector business it's very attractive to our customers. So that's how I really think about it if I hit your question.
Craig Hettenbach: It does. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Welcome.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Craig. Could we have next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you, good morning. Tom, you commented about -- commented on lower energy prices as it pertains to the oil and gas portfolio. But I was wondering are you seeing any trends of change in purchasing behavior from a demand standpoint in the transportation business given where gas prices are, and I have a follow-up for Bob.
Tom Lynch: I would say that our customers, Wamsi, anticipate some of that. But it's probably still too early. When we talk to them, they will tell us that is a typical trend. Gas prices go down in the U.S. with the improving economy, trucks go up, we like that. We have a lot of content on trucks. But I think it's too early to say that we're seeing the trends yet; although, the mix of content, as I alluded to earlier, is still moving in a strong direction.
Wamsi Mohan: Right.
Tom Lynch: But if prices stay low that that will help demand.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Great. Thanks. And Bob, can you talk a little bit about any synergies that might come from this divestiture, particularly because of maybe shared facility usage or overhead absorption? And what sort of things you intend to do operationally to offset some of that? And do you anticipate anything like site consolidation, et cetera? Thanks.
Bob Hau: For the most part, from a factory standpoint, our BNS business had standalone facilities. So, those facilities will transact with the field. So we don't have a lot of work from a standpoint of factory remaining of X% for or having to find a way to manufacture something that is in a facility that is going, relatively segregated, so not a lot of work and worry there. There are, of course, some shared services activities, some corporate functions. We've got a year before the deal closes; and of course, we have a transaction services agreement post deal closure. So we got some time to work through those issues. We don't anticipate it to be an issue one way or another.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Sujal Shah: All right, Wamsi. Could we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning, and thanks very much for taking the questions. I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more on some of your prior comments about potentially looking to make some additional investments with the proceeds from the BNS sale. I know you talked about some of the product lines and you are excited to be an IOT-type focus company now with industrial and automotive. But maybe you could just touch on to how you are thinking about your end market diversification going forward? And just as you exit BNS, the exposure to auto and industrial would go up, and just if you could talk about your comfort levels with exposure to those markets. And as you're thinking about making investments, do want to try and increase your exposure into other areas?
Tom Lynch: Thanks Mark. So in terms of the first part of the question, increasing organic investments, we have seen over the last five years is pretty good correlation, particularly in the harsh businesses, which are strong suit that when we invest and increase the number of engineers and field engineers, field engineers in our industrial business because there's lots of customers in fragmented market and design engineers. And then in our more OEM kid of business like commercial air, automotive, industrial transportation, design engineers. So wherever we have the opportunity to put -- find the right design engineers, put them close to the customer, we take it. It's kind of an open-ended charge to go get those folks because there is such a correlation. And the more that we can be sitting with the customer and the architecture, the better job we can do for them and the more business we get. And you can see it best in the rate of growth in our commercial air businesses and our automotive and industrial transportation businesses. More recently, we've been applying that to our industrial equipment business and our appliance business, high margin, high market share businesses where co-design and because we have a lot of systems knowledge, we can really help the customer to design their products, the insides of their products, the electrical system or the electronic systems function, much more effective. So we make those investments were the customers are receptive to them and where we can get the engineers and the right engineers. It's much less about if are we going to hold off on investing in automotive until we bring industrial up, no. And the reason is because of the content growth. Automotive grew 4.5%, vehicle production last year projected somewhere around 2.5% this year. We're still going to be mid to high single digits growth because of the designing wins we had and the vehicle content growth. So, this content growth is probably as good and it's consistent as it's ever been at least in the nine years I've been here. So it provides an element of growth that, while the business itself might cycle, this should be a good business for us in most cycles. On top of that, if you look at what our margins were five or six years ago, they are dramatically improved, because we've become much more effective at what we do and how we design. And by the way, our customers share in that improvement. And even with that, the margins are up. So that, when the cycle maybe goes into a down cycle, our wherewithal is so much stronger. So now I don't look at it from hey I wouldn't want to get a bunch of new design wins or acquire some technology that is relevant to us. If it's automotive because it makes us bigger because I just think the underlying trend is so positive there. But it's clear that when we look across the portfolio, sensors in general and the industrial markets we serve in particular are very, very high priorities for M&A. It plays through our strong suite. We've been making smaller acquisitions there to in some cases give us a portfolio like SEACON or broaden our portfolio like this company Sibas that we acquired in China in the last few months. Not a big company, but a significant product line we didn't have that they only sold in China that will now take around the world. So, you will continue to see us make small technology acquisitions so that the solution strategy we can bring more and more to the customer. And it's all relevant. It all has to do with collectivity or sensors. All right, does that carry your question?
Mark Delaney: Yes, that's very helpful. And then, for a follow-up, just on the SG&A, the dollars came down sequentially and I think the SG&A as a percentage of sales was at one of lowest levels in several years. Maybe first just how much of that was some of the TEOA initiatives versus just FX causing SG&A to come down? And then maybe you can help us think about what the SG&A levels will run at going forward.
Tom Lynch: Mark, from a standpoint of the benefit, year-over-year, we've done about 40 basis points. There are certainly benefit in both areas of TEOA. As you know, last year, we expanded TEOA from what had been a factory productivity and a lean product development process in our DNE organization to really be as we call it TEOA everywhere in our G&A functions are now seeing the benefit of that. There's also definitely some tailwind from an FX standpoint. So it's a combination of both. And, as we continue to see organic growth, we'd expect that percent of sales to generate some leverage throughout the course of the year.
Bob Hau: But just add to that, the area that we've been consistently investing in and happens to show up in this line, but it's really the digital effort to accelerate the digitization of the company better website, better product information, things like that. So that's going to continue. We view that as essential to our value proposition. And so, we're not -- there are some areas we're not investing and we feel we're adequate in the back office. That's not an area. That's a strategic area that we're investing in the S portion of G&A. And, we're not shy about putting field resources in the field, particularly in harsh environments where the solutions are more complex and the ability to help the customer through the design, from a field, applications, engineering perspective, it's important. And then thirdly, we're going to be investing in field resources and sensors. We've started to take advantage of all of these opportunities. And they are growers. So, the multiplier to growth is very positive. It takes a few years. But I think with our margin improvement and the leverage across the balance of our SG&A that sums it out adequately and continues to put a lot of fuel into the growth pipeline.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Mark. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a very strong operational outlook. First I am hoping to get a clarification. When asked about margins, I think you said you wouldn't disclose gross margin. But operating margin on BNS was above company average, nicely double-digit that's surprising to me. Did I hear that right?
Bob Hau: Yes. I believe I said and should have said it is slightly below company average. 
William Stein: Got it. Okay. And then my kind of real question I guess is actually about SubCom. We spent a lot of time today talking about kind of what's core and in particular talking about harsh and then other things that you came to decide wanted course that you're divesting. This is an area that certainly I think sits in the category of harsh, but you've also talked about it as in a way, very different and potentially not core to the company, but of course, it's difficult to find a buyer. We're seeing your only real competitor I think in this space Alcatel-Lucent, looking like they're to IPO this business. Understanding that the timing might not be right given the toughing position of that revenue. Is there something you could consider?
Tom Lynch: We could yes. Are we? No. We've looked at this many times. The most important thing about the business is they're the best in the world at what they do. So, when you start out with that, at least my philosophy is you got to be careful that you don't run away from a business too fast. And given the uniqueness of the business, it really is worth more inside the portfolio that the out. Sure there is a lot of people would love it but I know they either don't have the wherewithal to pay. If you contrasted to BNS, BNS is another good business. We werent sitting here with our finger on the red button, let's get rid of this thing was a strategic decision that it's not going to get as much priority as it did before sensors. It still can be a very good business. We think there is a good cycle or a solid cycle coming. And, when we cross with the strategic buyer that could but it at a price where they could get their value and we could get our value, it made total sense. And, if you look at somebody else indicated earlier in the call, that's been kind of our approach to the businesses, you could call a niche business that are on the outside of the portfolio. In this case, SubCom is a niche, but it's a world leader in what it does. So it has real value. And I think it's going to be with us for a long time.
William Stein: Great, thank you.
Tom Lynch: You're welcome.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Will. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thanks. I was just hoping you could give us a little more detail on the pieces of the BNS businesses that you're just selling and what specifically those products are and how much of that came from the ADC acquisition?
Tom Lynch: Sure. There's really I would say three -- a lot of products, but if you wanted to break it down, what we call the telecom business was half of that came from ABC and half of that came from TE. And those are the fiber optic and copper connectivity solutions that are in the outside plant of a telecom or a cable network. So they're connecting the fibers and the coppers and collect that go from the origination of the signal out of a cable head end or a central office for telecom through the network to your house or to a node close to your house. That's half of the business, a little over half of the business. About 40% of the business are what we refer to enterprise. So that's sort of the conventional way to describe it as structured cable in the enterprise or in the data center. So that's where in your office you have the communication cable behind the wall that provide that come to the outlet that we used to plug our PCs in to get data and we now have wireless access point on the end of those cables. And that's a business -- that's a lot of small transactions all around the world. And then, the remaining piece of the business for us is this relatively small niche digital antenna business. All of the digital antenna business came from ADC. About 20% of the enterprise business came from ADC and a little over half of the telecom business came from ADC.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. And then just thinking about the consumer business that business has been declining for you in terms of revenue on a year-over-year basis since you broke it out. I am trying to understand what type of goals do have for that business? And what needs to happen there before you make a decision that maybe that's also a piece of business that you may want to divest?
Tom Lynch: Yes I have said before I hate to never say never. But, because you can imagine we study and think about this a lot. But I have not come up with any multitude of scenarios that we've played out where we would sell our consumer device connectivity business. It is what we do. What we're doing differently, is coming at it much more as a product and a platform business. So, while we have it in a segment in a vertical market, it's optimize miniaturization. Optimize antennas things like that. Optimize high-speed cable assemblies that are needed with the capability that is needed all over the company. Some of the company has its own capability and some of it relies on consumer. But to really come at it from much more of a platform basis, so that it's much less trying to pick a winner that you win which in this consumer business is very, very difficult to do. And because we've been trailing it for a few years, it makes it even more difficult when you're not the incumbent. So the strategy there is to run it a little differently. And by combining it with the DataComm, it would be more cost-effective. It would be better with the customers. So we're not -- we collaborate nicely, but really one face with the customer. And the focus is to put more emphasis and more investment which we will be able to, once we do this on a really critical technologies and get out of stuff that I know we've been in it for 15 years, but that's become a real commodity in the business and you're never going to make double-digit margins on it. We expect these businesses over the next say 18 to 24 months things will get back to double-digit margins and I don't think that's a whim. There is a real plan to get there. That's based on some success that we've had already in platforms.
Sherri Scribner: Thanks Tom that's helpful. And then Bob, I just wanted to ask in terms of the cash balance. It looks like the cash balance now is relatively low after acquisitions. Can you just let us know what type of cash levers you need to run the business and I know there are some timing issues in there. If you can just tell us what brings that cash level backup. Thank you.
Bob Hau: Sure. Thanks. The cash balance is down a bit, obviously in the current quarter we paid for the measurement acquisitions. So we had built up quite a bit of cash in the preceding quarters. But, we're sitting at about $900 million of cash, a level that we're very comfortable with. $0.5 billion to $1 billion, $0.75 billion is kind of what we need to operate and not an issue there whatsoever and of course we're very strong cash generating business. First quarter is traditionally our latest quarter and that will be the case for 2015 also. So that will ramp as we get into Q2 and beyond.
Sherri Scribner: Thank you.
Sujal Shah: All right. Thank you, Sherri. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. Could you first of all I have a question for each of you. Maybe if Bob could let us know little bit, just to be clear, the stock -- accelerated stock buyback announced today and I assume fiscal '15 EPS does not include anything from the accelerated portion of that? And then Tom, on the consumer you mentioned that you're narrowing your focus. TE from the spin in 2007, the first few years was about narrowing the focus and now we haven't heard that for the past few years or at least maybe I don't remember it now. It seems like you're talking about narrowing consumer focus little bit again, but that narrowing of the consumer be completed? Thank you.
Bob Hau: Soon I hope Jim. There are some chunks. The first phase of it, you have a good memory was we really outsourced a lot of products back in the day and resold it under our brand-name. And concluded back then that really didn't make much sense given the changing circumstances in the industry. At one time it did, but it didn't. And that had distracted us a bit. Now it's really about -- it's really about platforming and getting out of these commodity applications where you're not really leveraging what we do best, precision engineering, high-speed, high power throughput. So I think we were too fragmented and the first go-round wasnt good enough and as the market continue to be very dynamic, there has only been one consistent player on top and everybody else underneath has changed than I think for where we were in the order of our position and our part of the market, we suffered from that. But I do feel like we have the team that's come in over the last couple of years and the product range that we're developing, that gives us the ability to not bet on customers, but provide core capability that you have to tailor or semi-customized for the customers. It's a bit of a change. This business has never been if I would have ranked us from strongest to weakest, it's never been amongst our strongest I would say over the last five or six years. I feel like we're rebuilding our strength because the fundamental knowhow is there and now we're much more focused. The results have to be produced. There's no question about it. But I would say over the last six to nine months I feel it taking shape that it's going to be a solid business. And I keep saying to everyone who asks me, would you consider selling this business? Never say never, but I don't even think about it because these are the products we make. The billions of things we punch out a year, these are products and they go into other places. So we're pretty confident we will move the performance of the business up that we move nicely with the Chinese OEMs. It's not enough to celebrate with. But it's through the key milestone of the last six month to change our position meaningfully there not just accidentally. And we've done that. It's not enough to declare victory. But we have a pretty stringent milestone here that we hold ourselves to and we're making progress. But it's going to be a couple of years before this is the double-digit business. But there's a clear path to get there.
Tom Lynch: And then Jim, from the standpoint of the share repurchase, we did not announce an accelerated share repurchase program. What we've said was the majority of the proceeds will be used for share repurchase. The Board of Directors did authorize an increase in our repurchase program, adding $3 billion. So we now have $3.7 billion of authorization and we will continue to buyback shares for our prior program, though the balance of this year, and then once the transaction closes, by the end of this calendar year, that $3 billion will be available for repurchase at that time.
Jim Suva: Great. Thanks for the clarification.
Sujal Shah: Thank you, Jim. Looks like there are no further questions. So if you do have question please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a great day.
A - Tom Lynch: Thanks everyone.
A - Bob Hau: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:45 Eastern time today through February 4. You may access the AT&T TeleConference Replay System at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701, and entering the access code 346561. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1 (800) 475-6701 or (320) 365-3844 with the access code 346561. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah -  Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert W. Hau - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Mark Trevor Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the TE Connectivity Q4 results conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Sujal Shah. Please go ahead, sir.
Sujal Shah: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2014 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that addresses the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. [Operator Instructions] Now let me turn the call over to Tom for opening comments.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Sujal, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Here are some highlights of the call, and then we'll go into this in more detail over the balance of the call. We delivered strong results for fiscal year 2014, achieving our -- or exceeding all our business model targets. I feel very good about how we continue to execute our strategy of strengthening our leadership position in harsh environment applications, with another strong year of design wins in Auto, Industrial and Appliances. We also made key acquisitions in sensors and oil and gas, which significantly expand our TAM. For 2015, the midpoint of our guidance reflects 8% actual revenue growth, 6% organic revenue growth and double-digit adjusted earnings growth. The benefits of recent acquisitions, the rebound of the SubCom business and solid performance in the transportation and industrial segments will more than offset a slight slowing in EMEA and China, as well as currency headwind. We do have multiple levers below the top line to drive EPS growth, most notably our TEOA program, which is really helping us improve customer satisfaction and driving productivity as evidenced by our margins. And then lastly, but not least, of course, we expect to generate continued strong free cash flow growth, enabling us to return approximately 2/3 of our cash to shareholders while continuing to strengthen the company through acquisitions. Now please turn to Slide 3. Q4 was a strong finish to a record year for the company. Sales were just shy of $3.6 billion and up roughly 4% year-over-year. Adjusted EPS of $1.02 was up 10% at the high end of our guidance and free cash flow was $661 million. Our Q4 results were driven by the continued strong performance of our Transportation and Industrial Solutions segment, as well as our Appliance business in our Consumer segment. Growth in these businesses more than offset weakness in our SubCom market, which has now bottomed -- which has bottomed and is now earning a growth cycle. So in a nutshell, Q4 results really continued what we saw through the first 3 quarters of the year. Please turn to Slide 4. I'm really pleased with what our team accomplished in the fiscal year 2014. We delivered strong financial performance, strengthened our leadership position in harsh connectivity and expanded our TAM through a major sensor acquisition. Our sales growth was 5%, overcoming the bottoming out of the SubCom market. Adjusted operation -- operating margins were 15.4%, primarily powered by our TEOA program, and this was a very key milestone for the company to get through a full year at 15-plus in operating margin at less than $14 billion of revenue. Adjusted earnings per share grew 17% and we generated $1.7 billion of free cash flow, our seventh consecutive year of 10% or better cash flow yield on revenue. We continued to execute our long-term strategy of extending our leadership position in harsh environment applications, which are highly engineered, designed in partnership with our customers and characterized by relatively longer product cycles and margins above company average. Our Transportation and Industrial segments as well as our Appliances business continue to generate design wins at rates ahead of market growth, which positions -- which strengthens our long-term market position. We also made these 2 key acquisitions establishing us as the leader in offshore oil and gas and the high-growth sensors market. Measurement Specialties establishes us as a leading supplier of sensors and connectors, adds nearly $40 billion to our addressable market and further increases our content in harsh applications. Overall, our harsh businesses now account for approximately 70% of company revenue, up from the 50% range a few years ago and are generating operating margins above the company average. This is our wheelhouse, so to speak, and we will continue to accelerate investment into these businesses. With the addition of a broad sensors portfolio, TE owns valuable real estate that serves as a gateway for customers to collect and analyze data, whether in Automotive, Industrial, Communications or Consumer Applications. In our short cycle businesses, Consumer Devices and Data Communications, this was a tough year for financial performance, but a year of progress in innovation, key customer design-ins and continued cost improvements. As a result of this progress, I expect that these businesses will be contributors to the company's earnings growth in fiscal 2015. In our networks business, it was a mixed year in terms of financial performance but a good year in terms of strategic progress. SubCom bottomed out in fiscal 2014, with less than $300 million in revenue and generated an operating loss. On the bright side, we had an excellent year winning key projects and these projects are now coming into force. In our Broadband Network Solutions business, which includes telecom and enterprise, we had a solid year. Sales growth returned for the first time in 3 years and profitability improved for the second consecutive year. I'll now provide some detail by business within each segment in the next 4 slides. Unless I indicate otherwise, all changes are on an organic basis, which excludes the effect of currencies, acquisitions and divestitures. Please turn to Slide 5. Our Transportation business had another outstanding year in fiscal 2014, with 10% growth and 20%-plus operating margins. Content growth is driven by new safety features, higher emission standards and the broadening adoption of infotainment applications, which require increased data transfer, more electrical connections and more sensors. Electronic growth is a strong secular driver that will continue to fuel growth for TE. Last year's results clearly demonstrate how our company is benefiting from electronic content expansion and importantly, an increased new platform win rate in both the Automotive and Industrial Transportation business. As our revenue growth more than doubled OEM production growth of 5%. I really feel the investments we made in the downturn are paying off big time for us in this business. Q4 was another strong quarter with sales of $1.5 billion, up 6% over the prior year, outpacing global vehicle production growth of 2.8%. We delivered adjusted operating margins of 20%-plus due to the volume growth and continued productivity improvements driven by TEOA. Looking forward, we expect another good quarter in Q1, with actual sales up approximately 10%, including about 10 or 11 weeks of Measurement Specialties revenue. Please turn to Page 6. Our Industrial business performed very well in fiscal 2014. Revenue of $3.3 billion was up 6.6% and 5% organically. Adjusted operating margins increased 80 basis points to 14.7%. We had strong performance in Asia and the U.S., more than offsetting a relatively flat European market. In Q4, revenue was up 10% due to strong organic growth of 6%, coupled with the acquisition of SEACON in our Oil and Gas business. Within this segment, Commercial Aerospace, Oil and Gas and Industrial Equipment grew mid-single digits in the quarter and the full year. Our robust organic product pipeline coupled with the Deutsche and SEACON acquisitions has positioned us very well in these attractive markets, which we believe have strong underlying secular trends that should provide attractive growth for years to come. The Industrial Equipment market is growing again and our industrial equipment business has exhibited strong growth over the past 5 quarters, benefiting from our increased focus on factory automation markets as well as a strong rail market in China. Our Energy business grew 2% in the year, with strength in Asia and an improving U.S. environment, being offset by a weak European market. Overall, this was a very good year for the industrial solutions segment and we expect 2015 to be a good year as well due to our strong position in these harsh environment markets. Please turn to Page 7. In Q4, sales in the Network segment were down 3% versus the prior year due to declines in our SubCom business. Adjusted operating margins of 9% were down slightly from last year due to losses in SubCom. SubCom did grow 65% sequentially, and we are confident the business is now moving into a growth cycle. We now have 3 programs that have come into force. The AAE-1 project, which connects Asia, Africa and Europe, was announced in April. Last quarter, we announced the Hibernia project, which will connect New York and London. And then earlier this month, you should have seen an announcement regarding Project Monet [ph], which is a program involving Google that connects Latin America with the U.S. On a combined basis, these projects are worth over $900 million over the next 2 to 3 years and with that, we now expect SubCom revenues to grow approximately $300 million in 2015 based upon these programs. So in a nutshell, the SubCom business is turning from a headwind into a tailwind in '15. Our Broadband Network Solutions business, consisting of Telecom and Enterprise, was roughly flat in the quarter. We did see some project delays in the U.S. and that was partially offset by continued growth in our data center -- in the data center market. For the full year 2014, BNS delivered organic sales growth of 3% and increased profitability. So it was a good steady -- a year of steady progress in our business in these markets. Our DataComm business was down slightly in Q4 due to a week market in Japan. In Q1, we expect total Network Solutions revenues to be up low single digits versus the prior year as SubCom growth offsets slightly lower spending in the U.S. broadband market. For the full year, we expect roughly 10% growth in Network Solutions, primarily due to the SubCom strength. And we also expect to deliver significant improvement in operating margins driven by these volume increases and continued productivity improvements. Please turn to Slide 8. Performance in our Consumer business was in line with our expectations in Q4. Revenue was down slightly. We did see continued strength in our market-leading Appliance businesses, and this was offset by lower revenue in our Consumer Devices business. For the full year of 2014, organic revenue declined about 1%. That's similar to Q4, devices decline offset appliance growth. Adjusted operating margin exceeded 10% for the second consecutive year in this segment. For fiscal 2015, we expect this segment to deliver low single digit organic growth and a continued improvement in operating margins. We expect another good -- very good year in our appliance business and stable performance in Consumer Devices. Our devices strategy continues to be a selective one. Now let me turn it over to Bob. He's going to cover the financials in more detail.
Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings, which starts on Slide 9. Adjusted operating income was $571 million, up 6% versus the prior year. GAAP operating income was $521 million and included $17 million of restructuring and other charges, most of which were in the Network segment and $33 million of acquisition-related charges in the quarter. Full year restructuring and other charges were $59 million. Adjusted operating margin was 16%, up 30 basis points from Q4 last year. And the improvement versus the prior year is driven by improved manufacturing productivity across the company and volume leverage in the Transportation and Industrial segments. Adjusted EPS were $1.02 and GAAP EPS were $1.60 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included the acquisition-related charges of $0.08, restructuring and other charges of $0.02, and a tax benefit of $0.68. The tax benefit primarily stems from the increased ability to utilize U.S. net operating losses based on forecasted future taxable income and the integration of SEACON. For the full year 2015, I expect approximately $50 million to $75 million of restructuring and other charges reflecting $0.09 at the midpoint, roughly flat versus last year. We expect roughly $0.23 of charges associated with the recent acquisitions, which will be more than offset by reserve reversals from favorable tax settlement of non-intercompany debt pre-separation tax liabilities. Turning to Slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 33.6%. This is roughly flat versus the prior year and up 50 basis points excluding SubCom. Total operating expenses were $631 million in the quarter, with SG&A increasing versus the prior year to support growth initiatives but declining as a percentage of sales year-over-year. On the right side of the slide, net interest expense was $31 million in the fourth quarter, and I expect $31 million of expense in the first quarter of 2015. Adjusted other income, which primarily relates to our tax sharing agreement was $6 million. And in the first quarter, I expect other income of about $8 million. The GAAP income tax rate of minus 34% was driven by the one-time gain previously mentioned. The adjusted effective tax rate was 22.3% and I expect full year adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24% for 2015. Turning to Slide 11. I'll discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash flow from continuing operations was $754 million and our fee cash flow in the quarter was $661 million. Gross capital expenditures were roughly flat year-over-year. However, we did see a decline in net capital spending to $93 million. During the quarter, we sold an underutilized asset generating approximately $100 million of cash. I expect capital spending rate to be approximately 5% of sales in 2015. Working capital was in line with our expectations, with receivable days outstanding at 61 days, inventory days on hand at 65 days, and payable days outstanding, 53 days. Now let me discuss the sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow, shown on the right side of the slide. We began the quarter with $1.6 billion of cash and increased this to $2.5 billion at the end of the quarter in anticipation of completing the Measurement acquisition, which closed on October 9. During the quarter, we utilized $504 million to support acquisitions, primarily SEACON. We also returned a total of $283 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $119 million and repurchased 2.6 million shares for $164 million. Outstanding debt grew to $3.9 billion at the end of the quarter, reflecting the added debt for the Measurement Specialties acquisition. Now I'll turn it back to Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to Slide 12 and I'll cover our outlook. Although the environment is a bit more uncertain than 90 days ago, we do expect to deliver another solid quarter in Q1, with revenue of $3.46 billion to $3.56 billion, up 4% to 7% year-over-year and in line with our normal seasonal patterns. We expect adjusted EPS of $0.88 to $0.92, which is an increase of 7% to 12% year-over-year. Our Q1 outlook does include a headwind from currency exchange rates, which are negatively affecting our guidance by approximately $100 million in revenue and $0.03 to $0.04 per share in EPS versus the prior year. In Q1, we expect 10% growth in transportation, including contributions from Measurement Specialties. We are assuming global auto production to be up 1% to 2%, which is what the industry is guiding to versus the prior year. We expect Industrial Solutions to be up mid-single digits versus last year, with solid growth in the U.S. and Asia more than offsetting softness in Europe. We expect double-digit growth in the Aerospace and Oil and Gas businesses driven by strong organic growth and revenue contribution from SEACON. Network Solutions is expected to be up low single digits led by growth in our SubCom business as we discussed before with 3 programs now in force. And we expect our Consumer Solutions business to be down mid-single digits as growth in Appliances more than offset our continued slower device business. Now please turn to Slide 13. Our strong performance across the company in 2014 positions us for another year of solid sales, profit and EPS growth as we enter fiscal '15. We have a number of catalysts for growth, including the secular growth of electronic content; the SubCom recovery; the tremendous design win momentum across our harsh environment businesses; and the contributions from acquisitions in sensors and oil and gas. We expect momentum in these areas to more than offset some of the weakness we're seeing in Europe and China and headwinds from currency exchange rates. For the full year, we expect revenue of $14.7 billion to $15.3 billion, up 8% versus the prior year and reflecting 6% organic growth. We expected adjusted earnings per share of $4.05 to $4.35, an increase of 11% at midpoint. And our revenue and EPS guidance does include an approximate $400 million revenue and $0.15 a share EPS headwind due to the currency exchange rates versus the prior year that we mentioned earlier. In Transportation, based on 2.5% to 3% vehicle production growth, we expect mid-single digit or better organic revenue growth and double-digit growth, including contributions from Measurement Specialties. We expect Industrial Solutions to be up mid-single digits versus last year on an organic and actual basis. The benefits of the SEACON acquisition are offsetting the negative impact of currency. Organically, we expect strong growth in our Aerospace and Oil and Gas businesses, single digit growth in Industrial Equipment and continued low single digit growth in Energy, which has most of its business in Europe. Network Solutions is expected to be up approximately 10% this year with most of the growth being driven by strength in the SubCom business. And we expect our Consumer Solutions business to be about flat versus last year with the same trends we've been seeing, strong performance in Appliances, which we expect in the low to mid-single digits and offset by slight declines in consumer devices. We have covered a lot of ground today as always, and I'll make a few points before we move to Q&A. Despite the somewhat uncertain times we're in, and the indicators, as you all know, are bouncing around quite a bit, it feels like they're generally positive, more than negative, recently. But there is uncertainty out there. We feel the most important thing is that the underlying secular trends driving our business are very strong. And in this increasingly connected world, TE is really well positioned with our tremendous range of connectivity and sensor solutions that are so critical to that connected world. We also continue to strengthen the company's leadership in harsh application markets as we've said. And in 2015, this will account for approximately 75% of our total revenue. And we've made key acquisitions to broaden our TAM and give us more opportunity for growth. Just as important as any of this, we continue to improve our execution, driven by our TEOA program, and you can see it in our operating margins exceeding 15%. Our net margins exceeding 11%. And in Q4, we're just under 12% and our cash flow meeting or exceeding 10% of revenue for the seventh consecutive year. So I feel like we have the operating side of this business moving very well. And we continue to have a balanced capital allocation program and expect to return about 2/3 of free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. So a very good year, and looking for another solid year in '15. So operator, let's now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I have a question and a follow-up. I guess, Tom, maybe you can start with the Networking segment. You talked about how the funded backlog has gone up to about $900 million. Shall we talk about what is the total backlog number today, because I'm assuming it's much bigger than $900 million? And talking about the cycles starting to reaccelerate. The last time that we're in an up-cycle, revenues actually peaked, I think, at $320 million, $330 million, the revenues up. So I'm curious what's the backlog broadly? And do you think that level of peak could be feasible over the 2 years, maybe?
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure, Amit. The $900 million really relates to those 3 big projects. We have awards that aren't in backlog well above that. And as you know, as we've said before, we don't really put it into backlog until we have a down payment. So these 3, we also have a base level of maintenance business that goes on year in and year out, and it's more like a regular business where you get orders quarterly to do work for our customers. So this $900 million is really what's going to lift us from the level of what we were at last year in the $250 million to $300 million range, to the kind of the $550 million to $600 million range. We think it bodes very well for how the cycles, to the second part of your question, typically go. We have seen a pickup in bidding, so we would expect that this is really the indication of the cycle picking up and yes, it did peak at over $1 billion several years ago. When we model everything and the demands on bandwidth, the age of certain networks under the sea, the desire for more and more redundancy, it all says that this should be another very strong cycle.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Perfect. And then I guess, just as a follow-up, Bob, if you could maybe just talk about the Measurement Specialties acquisition. You have a few other things moving around in the models, it's unclear to me. But maybe you just talk about for fiscal '15? In the past, you had talked about $0.04 to $0.06 of accretion for Measurement. My math shows it's probably a $600 million-plus revenue, $0.10 accretion based on what you guys are talking about right now. So could you just maybe confirm that? And also just talk about what's the December quarter impact for Measurement? And if there are one-time charges like inventory adjustments and so on, that you intend to flow through the model for Measurement Specialties, I guess?
Robert W. Hau: Sure, Amit. First off, your numbers are essentially on what we described when we announced the acquisition of Measurement was, the business was, call it a, $550 million revenue business and we anticipated generating mid-single digit EPS of $0.04 to $0.06. With our guidance here in 2015, our revenue is about $600 million. Obviously, there's some growth in the market. We're seeing good content growth across the space. And from an EPS standpoint, it's probably about $0.10, a little bit better than we initially guided. Part of that is better performance. We've now have been doing some due diligence and integration -- pre-integration work, now owned it for a couple of weeks. And we're seeing slightly better performance coming into 2015, as well as there is some restructuring. And when we gave that $0.04 to $0.06, we indicated that did include some modest restructuring. There's not a big restructuring play with the acquisition, but there's some modest restructuring, and that will be dialed out. We're continuing with the $50 million to $75 million of restructuring that I talked that are in GAAP earnings but not adjusted earnings. It does include the integration or the restructuring that we'd have associated with Measurement. And in terms of impact to the December quarter, if you take those numbers and roughly divide by 4, there is some seasonality into that, but you won't be too far off. In terms of what's baked into the numbers, the near-term amortization of things like the inventory step-up and the backlog step-up will be excluded from earnings and included in GAAP but not included in adjusted earnings.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: You gave a lot of color on the SubCom sales outlook. Can you just describe if there's anything unusual in the project recognition? I know you discussed this last quarter on the call, how the accounting may differ there and how profit margins might look throughout the year?
Thomas J. Lynch: Right. I think it's really -- Mike, thank you for the question. It's -- what we said -- said last time, that the business really goes in phases, especially when you're ramping up or ramping down. So ramping up in the beginning, you're doing a lot of planning. You're -- we now -- we've actually doubled the number of people at our New Hampshire factory where we build the cable for the projects that are on this side of the world. And so you typically have lower profitability early on. We do percentage of completion recognition, but just the nature of the business when you're early in the project and have 98% of it to complete, you'll -- what we've always been, is you're a little more conservative in the early part of project because you don't know what the unexpecteds are going to be. No change in how we do it. We would expect that as we ramp to the kind of $0.5 billion range, it's mid-single digit type of OI margins from where we are today. And then when we get back to the normal range, which is more that $650 million to $750 million, that's when you see it being in -- closer to the company average. So we actually expect the same patterns as last time.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: And then in terms of the following-up on network, x Subsea, you're guiding to relatively flat for next year. Can you maybe give some color on that maybe by region? I understand the U.S. Telco CapEx backdrop is challenging, but I know you're increasingly exposed to the higher growth fiber rollout.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. I expect it to be similar to this year. I'm hopeful that it will be better than that because I do believe in all the modeling we do that there's pent-up demand, but we have been off on that in our -- I've been off on that in our estimates of the last few years. The nice thing is the fiber/copper crossover has happened, and so copper is a much smaller part of the total buildout and fiber continues to grow at double-digit, and that's really our sweet spot. It tends to be much more project oriented business. And this year, this past year, we saw strength in Europe. A couple of significant builds. We saw mixed in the U.S., I expect the U.S. to pick up in the second half because the newcomers into the U.S. market are starting to really build momentum and we are doing very, very well with them. So it is a little bit of a mixed bag, as you say. But I think we're positioned well, we're cost efficient in the business. It is a double-digit margin business that we've improved the last couple of years and we've really structured it to be a very low growth business but be able to take advantage and therefore, get the higher flow-throughs on the margin as we grow above low single digits. Does that get at your question?
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Yes, it does.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A question on MEAS, Tom. If you look at that company, they've been fairly acquisitive small deals prior to you guys taking them out, can you just talk about kind of the pipeline of M&A potential in that space? And then also, what MEAS does for TEL in terms of your sales approach and being more strategic to OEM customers.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. I'll answer the second part first because that's really the strategic theory behind the acquisition that we have all these resources at these customers. And not unusual when you're a smaller company, you have to be much more selective in who you go after. With us, we're in with all of them early in the architecture. So we're only 2 weeks officially into it, but our team, I know, is even more excited than they were 3 or 4 months ago, because we just see more and more of the depths of Measure's capabilities and products. And I think we feel very comfortable with the revenue synergies and we're getting more comfortable that, over time, it's going to probably be a little better than we thought. So that idea of our scale with the customer and resources in front of the customer, with their product line, is bearing out. It's still early, we have to deliver and all that, and nobody's taking anything for granted. And the teams are coming together very nicely. So that's -- I think that's as important as anything else. There seems to be real chemistry and the MEAS team is taking a significant leadership role in the business. The second part, the acquisition pipeline. Yes, I mean, we're still -- our #1 priority is to make MEAS and AST successful, get them integrated, no question about it. At the same time, where we can see opportunities that make sense to round out what we have, we're going to be in those conversations. But our team knows that the #1 priority is to integrate this and make this one team and very successful as we laid out when we announced the acquisition. And that is why we went with a company like MEAS that had that broad range, so that we could -- we didn't have to -- they did the roll-up and we didn't want to have to get into that kind of strategy in order to become a major sensor player. So don't be surprised as we add on to the portfolio with sensors, but #1 priority is clearly to execute what we have now.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Very clear. And as a follow-up, you mentioned some near-term uncertainty in the environment. So granted, it looks like you have some growth drivers to kind of help you get through. But on the environment, any other color you can add in terms of just what you're hearing from customers, how they're managing inventory and kind of how business trended September into October here?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, sure. As you can imagine, we've been -- we're always in front of the customer, but I have been talking to a lot more customers than normal lately, and part of that is just around what are you seeing out there, and that's the first question they ask me, too. So I don't think anybody has any particular advantage. It's mixed. I think we've seen, we saw late in the fourth quarter and early in the first quarter, the order rate dip, but then it's picked up. The last couple of weeks, how much the big dip in the stock market affected everybody's psyche. I know that seemed to make everybody a little, including us, more nervous, as that's going to have people get more cautious. But I'd say there's some positive indicators that doesn't mean there isn't uncertainty, but European car registrations are still positive, right? I think I would -- we would've been worried they were going to dip into the negative. So that's a really good thing. The consumer confidence in the U.S. is up. So that's a positive thing. It's always hard to call China, but we're coming off a double-digit growth in China again. So I'd say it feels a little more uncertain than when I was talking to you 90 days ago, but you can't put your finger on it. It's not as if, "Wow, something has really dropped off." And in our biggest business, Transportation, steady as she goes with the order rate. So that's kind of it. I think we expect, no question, that our businesses with our customers in Europe will be a little bit slower in '15 than '14. I mean they were pretty robust in '14 and probably a little bit slower in China. But it's not -- it's slower growth, it's not decline. And we think that'll be offset with a little bit better in the U.S. and then these other tailwinds we have, like the acquisitions and SubCom. It feels like a pretty, obviously, we think it's a balanced look right now. It's always hard to guide next year at this time of the year when we're only in October, and nobody else is out there really talking about it officially, but that's how we see it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi from UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Tom, I had a question and a follow-up. I wanted to go back to Network Solutions. If I look at that segment, I think x Subsea, we have peak sales in fiscal '11 at about $3.1 billion. Your guidance for fiscal '15 implies $2.6 billion. So we're still down about 15%. Just wondering, is there anything else you need to do in the segment in terms of rightsizing the cost structure? Do you feel the rest of the segment is fairly optimal? Because it still seems like structurally, we're well below where we were 4 years ago.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, a couple of points there. As Bob mentioned, I think Bob mentioned, if he didn't he probably will. We have been doing that. So both with -- since the revenue hasn't materialized as we expected. We certainly have been doing a significant amount of that and a large portion of our restructuring in the past year was geared at that segment. We -- it's really a few things. I feel like in the Broadband space, we're very well positioned. We have an excellent product line, we're winning a higher rate of fiber awards than we did 3 or 4 years ago because -- and it really is the benefit of the ADC acquisition. But no question, the market has been a lot softer than I thought. So you have a little bit of that, and we have taken a fair amount of cost out in response to that. And we're evaluating. But right now, I think, we feel like we're close to being at the right place from a cost structure. Because I am hesitant, having lived through the automotive downturn when we decided we're going to invest and certainly not cut, that it helped us. Now I know this is a different market, it's more volatile and it's not an automotive market, but we also don't want to cut into muscle yet, that's how I feel about the business. And I'm getting more optimistic about the outlook. The DataComm business is really a bigger issue for us because we had -- we always trailed in sort of this mid-speed communication product line and we made the decision many years ago to go to high-speed and sort of do a leapfrog strategy. We have a pretty good 25-gig plus product range in fiber and copper. It's adapting -- being adopted, I should say, very slowly in the market given all the change that's going on in the Communications Equipment market. So a little bit of a double whammy on us that we -- and we're still investing and I'm not ready to back-off the investment in high-speed because I think that would be shortsighted at this point. And so we're still investing. And the high-speed market hasn't really materialized. In the mid-speed where we're weak, we're not benefiting there. So DataComm is a business that's a mid-single digit kind of margin business. SubCom will get back to its normal over-the-cycle solid double-digit and that's strictly cycle, because we're executing well there. And BNS, which is $2 billion of that network segment for us, total revenue is $2 billion, that's low double-digits, which is up 2 years in a row. So I do feel like, for sure, the cost actions we're taking are paying off. And we're poised. We have a great product line as things pick up a little bit to really capitalize on it.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just a quick follow-up for me, Tom, just on the Subsea business. As we move to higher-speed rates of 100-gig, 200-gig, 400-gig, do you feel you guys have the active electronics portfolio fairly well established, or is there scope there for partnership and maybe even M&A?
Thomas J. Lynch: I feel like we have it fairly well -- very well established. I mean, we have led in the long-haul fiber transmission since it started. And this was a -- 15, 18 years ago really an AT&T-type, Bell Labs business. And that's the heritage and DNA we still have in that business. And it's an extraordinary group of talented engineers in North Jersey. So they are constantly driving the distances and the cost-per-bit down, and doing a lot of other things to enable our customers to have dedicated links within the cables providing tremendous amount of flexibility. So I do feel very confident about that. There's no guarantees, obviously, but we have not -- that's another one where even with the down cycle, and this team knows from being in it from the very beginning, you have to keep pushing the technology through the down cycle and we've done that. So I feel good about our position there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin from Stifel.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a question to clarify the restructuring charges. Bob, you talked about, for FY '15. How much of that is related to acquisitions versus other activities?
Robert W. Hau: What we described was $50 million to $75 million of expenses over the year, roughly in line at the midpoint of that with what we spent in 2014. And what we said is really an ongoing level of restructuring. Obviously, we have been investing significantly higher than that in prior years, but we think this business and the way the markets run, that $50 million to $75 million of spending is kind of a run rate. And roughly, 15% of that or so is associated with acquisitions. Again, none of our -- the larger acquisitions, SEACON, Measurement and AST, which is a smaller one for that matter, not a lot of significant cost takeout. It's more of adding to our portfolio and getting the revenue synergies, but there's a bit of that coming through in 2015.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So for the business, then, is that still predominantly focused on the networking area where you've been focusing your restructuring efforts, or is it just tweaking across the business?
Robert W. Hau: It's tweaking across the business, if you look at the spending that we did in 2014, we spent about $60 million, almost 60% of that was in networks alone. And as you look at our businesses, those that have below company average margins and below our margin expectations, networks and consumers, obviously, those are ones that we're looking more closely at for cost opportunities.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And just another question on Measurement Specialties, if I can. Just regarding, Tom, the cross-selling opportunities. I know the big opportunity is to cross-sell that technology into passenger vehicles. What kind of time horizon or opportunity are we talking about in terms of the selling cycles?
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say, on average, it's going to be 2 to 3 years. There's some opportunities that will be in the 2-year range. The really sweet opportunities are more in the 3-year range just because that's just the typical design-in cycle. So in our model, when we bought them, we did not have any significant revenue from automotive until Year 3. We also have, across the portfolio, and it's primarily in the harsh businesses, but opportunities in Appliance, opportunities in Industrial Equipment and Industrial Transportation, much longer cycle in ADNM, so they're not really baked into sort of the model for the acquisition. But what's really potent about having both -- having a full range of sensors too, not just 1 or 2 technologies, but having a full range, having thin seen gauge wire, all the connectivity that we have, our material science-based businesses, that connect and protect things. When we go into a customer now, we can really offer some creative solutions on how to solve problems, the next generation of appliances, how do you substantially simplify the wiring harness, which if you look inside an appliance, I mean, it's kind of mind-numbing, the complexity of it, which makes repairs very complicated. So there's just so many opportunities. And what we're doing is we're being very deliberate with it because we don't want to get it out of focus. So it's prioritizing one at a time, getting success, and that's what we had baked into the acquisition. But we're very excited because it just opens up so much more of the customers' footprint, so to speak, or their real estate, so to speak, to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify, on your Q1 guidance for the Transportation sector. If I back out the Measurements acquisition, are we looking at revenues kind of being flat to maybe up 1% year-over-year? And if so, that seems like a below market or kind of what's going on there, is my math's incorrect?
Thomas J. Lynch: I think -- I know it's murky. We don't have MEAS for the full quarter. But what we have in there for organic growth is right around 5% based on -- it's in that 4.5% to 5% range based on a 2% to 3% -- I should say, 1% to 2% production range. And right now, as I mentioned earlier, the order rate in that business is very solid. So no, we wouldn't expect our -- we're not seeing anything that would say that we're going to drift down into low single-digit organic growth.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then with the gradual adoptions of more hybrid technology, more sensors, electronics in cars and electronic cars, is there a chance that the typical content range starts to increase the higher end or even above that higher end of the range? Or is there other obsolescences going on that will just keep it within that normal historical range? I think historically, connectors have grown, with kind of 6% to 8%, less a 2% ASP decline, is that the way to think of it?
Thomas J. Lynch: It's in the ballpark. I definitely think if there's more, let's say, there's more likelihood of it moving to the higher end of the range than the lower end of the range, I mean, that's clearly what we're seeing. And we're at every OEM in virtually every electronic application. And that doesn't really -- today, we have, plus or minus -- in the ballpark of $60 million of our content, connectivity-related content. $60, I mean, per car roughly. We have $2 of sensor content. So about -- what we would estimate is somewhere in the neighborhood of 1% of the sensor market and now, we're going to bring in a full range of sensors and just the constant march of more electronics. I mean, every time you try to move the emission standards up, the engine control units get more sophisticated, the semiconductors have more pins, and the kind of connectors that go with them are very sophisticated and more valuable. So it's almost -- I agree with you. I would continue to see that move up. And that's certainly -- our strategic plan assumes that, and that's why we continue to invest aggressively in engineering in that business, and in M&A.
Robert W. Hau: Jim, it's Bob. I think I heard you say 6% to 8% content growth less 1% to 2% price. It's more like 4% to 6% content is what we've traditional seen. But as Tom points out, with some of the content growth and the growth in electronics and sensors, we'll see it at the upper end of that 4% to 6% range.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: I wanted to get, I guess, looking at out over the next, say, 24 to 36 months with Measurement Specialties. In terms of just profitability, the implication is, maybe a mid-teens EBIT margin for this year based upon the updated guidance. Where do you think you can get that within the next 12 to 24 months? Should we be at a mid-20s EBIT margin, or is that too aggressive?
Thomas J. Lynch: Time frame again, Shawn?
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: I would say within 24 months, run rate exiting 2 years from now.
Thomas J. Lynch: EBITDA range?
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: EBIT, EBITDA, either one is fair.
Thomas J. Lynch: I think, think of it this way. We would expect to improve it somewhere in the neighborhood of 200 basis points a year to 250 basis points, but the volume leverage being the biggest thing because it's not so much a cost play, as we said. And as we bring their products into the more attractive markets, which are the harsh environment markets. So there'll be some -- there'll be steady margin improvement in the next 24 months. But as we get designed into auto and into these other more harsh environments, that's when I would expect it to accelerate.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: And this year, the EBITDA margin would actually be upper teens, then? Is that the correct number to use?
Robert W. Hau: Mid- to upper teens is about right.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then I just want to focus in on the Consumer Solutions business. Appliances, you're doing fine. Consumer Devices, itself, we know the struggle. But I mean, what is the outlook, if we look over the next 12 to 24 months within that business, what can you either do to improve profitability or do you, at some point in time, walk away from the business, given the challenges you've faced so far?
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. The Appliance business, we're doing very well in. That is one of our best businesses and we are very -- feel very confident we grew faster than the market. And I was just listening to one of our big customers talk yesterday and their growth rates by market, and we're exceeding them in every market. So we're getting designed in and around the world at a faster rate than ever before and it's an excellent business. And it's a very harsh environment business in most appliances. In devices, think of us as retrenching -- I can't imagine us exiting it, because the products that we develop there, they do find their way into other applications, outside of the Consumer -- the Consumer applications. So in that business, that's where we get miniaturization. The smallest products we design, that's where you get, -- you usually have your initial breakthroughs on how you optimize the metals that you use, where automation often comes in first, kind of breakthrough automation. So the way I think of it is the core connectivity part of the business is strategic to the company. It would be a flank that I would not leave open, given that it's the devices, the pure devices part of the business is 5% of the company-type level. I think our core connector business in there is a decent business. It's the products around that, that are not quite where we need them to be at. So that's a business, as Bob mentioned, we've taken cost out of. A business that we continue to be very selective, much more selective on what we bid on than we were 2 or 3 years ago. So don't be surprised if they get smaller with better margins before it gets larger.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Is the business profitable currently, the devices?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, it is.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm hoping you can talk about the book-to-bill specifically, Tom. Earlier, you mentioned that orders took a dip in the quarter. I think you said they had recovered. Book-to-bill is below 1 overall and below 1 x SubCom in most of the segments as well. Is that sort of typical performance? Or if you contemplate that, including the more recent changes, let's say into the beginning of the current quarter, do those numbers look better? Is it more in line with typical? How should we think about that?
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. I would say when you look at Q4 on a typical book-to-bill for Q4, but a little mix in there, probably a little better in Transportation and a little lighter in Industrial. And it's really, those are the business where the book-to-bill, I think, is most indicative. In our Networks and SubCom business it doesn't really mean that much because you can get releases against a big project. And so -- and book-to-bill at a moment in time, doesn't mean that much. As we -- the book-to-bill is positive so far in the first quarter. It's too early to read into that, but I'd say the last couple of week's orders look more like what we'd expect in a solid economy. But that's got to last. And as I said earlier, even when things are less uncertain, I'm always a little more nervous at this time in our quarter, because we come into the holidays and our Industrial and Automotive businesses are sizable in Europe. And we've seen occasionally, over time, unpredictability in the length of holidays, so I don't think it's anything unusual, but it's just, this is the hardest time of the year for us to call. But I'd say book-to-bills aren't really different from what we would expect, and that's why we are guiding the way we're guiding.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Maybe the next one is for Bob. I'm wondering if you can comment on FX. It seems to explain about all the difference between your guidance and what was, I think, broadly expected if you include Measurement? But I thought that you had been hedging FX. I'm a little surprised that it's having such a near-term effect?
Thomas J. Lynch: Well, where we are, in fact, naturally hedged is on the transactional side of FX. So because we are very global in both our factory footprint, our sales footprint and our customer footprint, we buy and sell in typically the same currency, so we're largely naturally hedged. The FX impact that we're talking about, that impacted us in Q4, and now forecasted to impact us into 2015 is the translational side. We do not hedge translational. It's an accounting issue, it's not a free cash flow issue. And so the impact that we've talked about, the $400 million on revenue and the $0.15 on a full year basis is what we're seeing given the pretty significant strength in the dollar against essentially all currencies, but particularly for us, euro, yen and RMB are more of the big drivers for us.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Trevor Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I know, Tom, you already talked about some of the sales opportunity with Measurement and the ability to cross-sell a broader range of products to some of the customers. I was hoping bit you could just also talk about the roadmap for products going forward. Is there any thought about doing integrated products where you'd be selling a full solution of a sensor with a connector, maybe, and some software on it, and moving further up the value chain?
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. I would say, again, since we just completed the acquisition and while we did pre-integration planning and all those kinds of things, you can't really get inside until the deal closed. But having said that, part of our strategic objective is to be more than just a sensor seller. More than just well, we'll now carry -- we're already carrying a bag with connectors into the customer, now, we'll put sensors in the bag. That's the earliest. So the first synergy is through the channel. The second synergy is, hey, we just have more access to customers, as I've described earlier. But we do believe, absolutely with customers wanting fewer suppliers to simplify their world and suppliers who can provide more, so that they can get more value, which in some cases, it's, hey, I want a the solution that gives me less cost, or I want a solution that gives me less weight or less footprint. The more integration you can do, the better we will be. So I would say in the first year, think of it as experiments we'll be doing, right? We'll be picking a couple of customers, it's not going to be revenue in the near term. But seeing what's practical, what's doable, what's practical. But we already see from modules we do in some of our businesses, when we can integrate wire connectors and build a box for the customer that's smaller than if they had to do it themselves, there's value in that. So we definitely see that as a longer-term strategic objective. Now, we have to prove the theory.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Tom, your comments indicate better U.S. outlook versus Europe and China in 2015. But when I look at the fourth quarter results on an organic basis that you just reported, it appears that the largest incremental year-on-year contribution actually came from APAC followed by EMEA and then U.S. was only $10 million incremental. So what are you seeing that would explain this reversal? And how much of it is potentially SubCom? And I have a follow-up.
Thomas J. Lynch: What I would say on that, Wamsi, is it's all -- what I mean, I'm talking from a relative perspective. So for us, Asia grew 7% to 8% for the year last year. China, over 11%. I think that's going to be down a little bit. Not a lot. For us, Europe grew the year, 5 percent-ish. I think that's going to be down a little bit. Again, it's still going to grow because of our strength with the German automakers and the amount that they export, et cetera. I think in the U.S., we'll expect to see the Appliance business continue to be solid. The Energy business, which really began to pick up in the second half of the year for us in the U.S., we see that trend continuing as there's pent-up maintenance and expansion there that we're benefiting from. I think Auto will probably be -- it's hard to call it flat. It was very strong last year, so slightly down. So that's really how I kind of see it. It's not that -- Asia will continue to grow -- have a higher growth rate than the U.S. because of the demographics over there. It's just relative change in growth year-over-year. That's really what I meant. I don't know if that gets at your question.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, yes, that's helpful, Tom. And Bob, can you maybe address what the hedge levels for copper and gold are? And what sort of margin benefit, if any, you're expecting in your guidance from metals pricing?
Robert W. Hau: Yes, so we hedge our copper, silver and gold on a monthly basis. So we look at our demand 18 months out, we take a position every month. So for the 2015 fiscal year, we'll probably call it 60%, 65% hedged for our overall demand. Tailwind, we had a really nice tailwind in 2014. It's a little bit less than that in 2015, call it, right now, about $20 million, $30 million of OI tailwind on a fiscal year basis.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Tom, I just wanted to ask you about the operating margin. If you look at the guidance for fiscal '15, it suggests operating margin somewhere in the range of 16%. And you guys have talked about 15-plus percent. How much of that upside to margins this year is driven by the improvement in the Subsea business? And what do you see as your sort of long-term operating margin at this point through the cycle?
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure, Sherri. There's going to be a lift on operating margin because it was such a drag with SubCom losing money. But SubCom will be still be, next year, below the company's average operating margin. So you do get some relative improvement, but it's still below the company average. I think the best way to think about operating margins for the company, and now that we really got the operations of the company tuned up and the footprint in good shape, is that if we're growing in this 5% to 6% to 7% range, we don't have unusual movements in metals or exchange rates. You have kind of some natural movements, let's say, that track to inflation. Then, in the 50 basis points per year range, I would expect to growth in that.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Just a couple of clarifications. Tom, based on what you've said so far in the call, are you're saying that SubCom lost more money in the quarter because of these program startups, or were you able to reduce the losses quarter-on-quarter? And if you could give us a hint in when it turns profitable again. And just to be clear, what currency rates are you using in your new full year guidance?
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Steve. No, SubCom -- SubCom lost a little bit of money in the fourth quarter, less than the third quarter. And we'll start to get a little above breakeven in the first quarter, but it's a really good question to help us clarify. You'll start to see the momentum in SubCom in Q2 and beyond, because that's when the ships are really out there, not fully utilized, but a lot more utilized than we are today, laying the cable. So bottomed in Q3 in terms of profitability, started to see the revenue ramp in Q4, but not a whole lot of profit -- but enough profit with it to substantially help the bottom line and then beginning to get into the black in Q1 and then accelerate past there. So that's the way I think about SubCom. Bob, do you want to talk about FX?
Robert W. Hau: Yes, in terms of FX, we're essentially looking at the current FX rate. So call it $1.27 or so to the euro. We project that out for the -- we don't take a position on what's going to happen on currency. So if there's additional fluctuation, good or bad, that could impact the overall business. But of course, we've had a pretty significant decline in, call it, the last 30, 60 days of improvement, strengthening of the U.S. dollar, order of magnitude 7%, 8%. And that is baked into this outlook.
Sujal Shah: So there's no further questions, I'll just turn it back to Tom for a couple of closing comments.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Sujal. Thanks, everybody, for joining. Just to reiterate, we really had an excellent year, I think, in 2014. And as much as the financial performance, I feel like it's the execution of our strategy, which is to really build strong performance in for the long, long haul. I feel we're doing that. And I think you can see that, hopefully, in how we're guiding in an uncertain '15 with multiple levers, and importantly, going from 2 segments delivering most of the momentum to now 3 segments in '15, and a good portion of the consumer segment within Appliance. So I feel like we're hitting on most cylinders then. It's exciting because we still have a lot of opportunity and plenty of room to improve. So with that, I hope everybody has a good end of the year as we go into the holiday season, and I'm sure we'll be talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today through November 8. You may access the AT&T TeleConference Replay System at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701, entering the access code 333511. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sujal Shah - Vice President of Investor Relations Tom Lynch - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Bob Hau - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Amitabh Passi - UBS Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Matt Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Jim Suva - Citigroup Kirti Shetty - Deutsche Bank Securities William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Steven Fox - Cross Research  Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity Fiscal Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sujal Shah. Please go ahead.
Sujal Shah:  Good morning. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter fiscal 2014 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning. We ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that addresses the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at www.te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch:  Thanks, Sujal. Good morning, everyone. I am very pleased with the results we delivered in the quarter. Sales were up 4%, despite a very weak subsea communications market. Adjusted operating margins exceeded 15%, adjusted earnings per share growth was 14% year-over-year at the high-end of our guidance range and a new record for the company. We also continued to generate strong cash flow with over $500 million of free cash flow in the third quarter. Here are the key takeaways from today's call. Most of our key end markets have positive trends, especially in the transportation and industrial segments. The subsea market has continued to be weak, but we believe the market has bottomed and I will share some additional good news on this market with you in a minute. We continued to generate strong performances in businesses that serve our harsh environment applications, which account for approximately 70% of our revenue. As I mentioned earlier, we continued to deliver solid financial performance with improved operating leverage and strong cash flow. The strong cash flow enables us to return significant cash to shareholders and strengthen the company through acquisitions like those recently announced. The last point is that we are reaffirming our full-year guidance that we gave 90 days ago, despite a weaker SubCom business in Q3 and Q4. Now, I will comment on these key takeaways in a more detail. On the market trend side, we do continue to see positive trends in the majority of markets we serve, and the combination of these trends and strong execution will result in strong financial performance this year. During the quarter, strength in the transportation market continued and most industrial markets continued their steady improvement. Transportation solutions grew 8% organically, with sales and order growth in all major regions. Our Industrial Solutions segment grew 4% organically and our Appliances business in the Consumer Solutions segment grew by 9% organically. Revenue in our Telecom and Enterprise businesses were largely in line with our expectations. Revenue in the Consumer Devices and SubCom businesses were slightly below expectations in the quarter. On a regional basis, excluding SubCom, sales grew in North America, Asia and EMEA, driven by particular strength in the U.S., China and Germany. We continue to execute very strongly in businesses that focus on harsh environment applications. As you know several years ago, we launched our strategy to increase the company's focus in the harsh environment applications. We have been increasing organic investment and have focused our acquisitions in these areas. The strategy is paying off, as over 70% of our businesses are in these segments generating mid-to-high single-digit organic growth and above our company average margins. These solutions are highly engineered, designed in partnership with our customers and are characterized by relatively longer product cycles and higher margins. This capability is not easily replicated and we believe that TE's ability to provide this broad range of solutions for harsh environments will remain a strong differentiator and growth driver as we move forward. Below the top-line, our efforts on TEOA continued to drive productivity gains and operating leverage. Our gross margins have improved to the 33% to 34% range and we are now consistently generating 15% adjusted operating margins on an annual revenue run rate below $14 billion. We also continue to generate strong cash flow with over $1 billion of free cash flow through the first nine months of the year, supporting our capital program and acquisition strategy. Subsequent to the quarter, we closed the acquisition of the SEACON Group, which expands our business in a very attractive oil and gas market. In June, we announced the acquisition of Measurement Specialties, which establishes us as a leading supplier of sensors and connectors at nearly 40 billion to our addressable market and further increases our content in harsh applications. Once the transaction is complete, TE will have a broad portfolio of sensors to go along with our leading portfolio of connectors. Our existing scale coupled with Measurement Specialties' product range will enable the combined companies to accelerate sensor growth as we reach many more customers. Now let's turn to Slide 3. Revenues in the third quarter were in line with expectations and adjusted EPS of $1.00 dollar was at the high end of our guidance range and a quarterly record for the company. Free cash flow was strong at $530 million and we returned $169 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. For the full-year, as I mentioned, we are reiterating the mid-point of our revenue and EPS guidance. Expected revenue of $13.95 billion represents 5% growth versus the prior year and adjusted EPS of $3.78 represents 17% growth versus our prior year performance, a very strong year for TE. We closed the SEACON acquisition just after the quarter and the Measurement Specialties acquisition is on track to close this calendar year. I will now provide some detail by business within each segment in the next four slides. Unless I indicate otherwise all changes are on an organic basis, which excludes the effect of currencies, acquisitions and divestitures. Please turn Slide 4. Transportation Solutions had another great quarter with sales of $1.585 billion, up 8% over the prior year and with orders growth of 7%. Sales and orders grew across all regions and global auto demand continues to be solid with vehicle production of about $21.4 million units. The end market continues to be healthy and TE is performing well. We delivered adjusted operating margins of 21% due to volume growth, product mix and productivity improvements driven by our TEOA program. Looking forward, we expect another strong quarter in Q4, with sales up high single digits and operating margin expansion versus the prior year. Please turn to Page 5. Market demand in the Industrial Solutions segment was in line with our expectations in the third quarter. Revenues were up 4% and orders were up 2% versus the prior year. The majority of the industrial markets we serve continued to gradually improve. Industrial equipment revenues were up 3%, driven primarily by double-digit growth in China. Our Aerospace, Defense, Oil and Gas business was up 8%, due to continued strength in commercial aviation and the oil and gas units. Our energy business was up slightly in the quarter, with growth in the Americas and Asia Pacific regions offset by weakness in Europe. Adjusted operating margins were up 160 basis points versus the prior year as a result of increased volumes and productivity increases and I'm especially pleased with our margin improvement in this segment. Looking forward, we expect another good quarter in Q4, with sales up mid-single digits organically and approximately 10% on an actual basis, including the SEACON acquisition.  Please turn to Page 6. Sales in the network segment were down 8% versus the prior year, due principally to continued project delays in our SubCom business. Excluding SubCom sales were down 2% organically. SubCom weakness drove the decline in Network Solutions' operating margin in the quarter. Just to put it in perspective, our SubCom revenues were down 50% versus last year's Q3. Telecom and Enterprise businesses were down slightly year-over-year, but in line with our expectations. Strength in fiber-optic and wireless deployments is being offset by declines in copper network investments and our DataCom business was down 5% due to continued market related weakness. In our SubCom business, I am happy to report, we recently received down payments on two major projects. The AAE1 project, which connects Asia, Africa and Europe, was announced in April and we received the down payment on that. Then earlier this week, we announced the Hibernia project, which will connect New York and London. That's the first significant cross-Atlantic [building] building some time which is very good news. We also received the down payment there. Both of these projects will start in late Q4, which we believe marks the beginning of the upturn in this cycle. On a combined basis, these projects are worth approximately at 700 million plus over the next two to three years. In Q4, we expect network revenues to be flat, excluding SubCom. While we will start to build very early stages of the build, we are not going to get too much impact from these projects until next year. Please turn to Slide 7. Revenue in our Consumer Solutions business was roughly flat versus the prior year and this continues to be kind of a tale of two cities. We had another strong quarter in the Appliance business, where we have our global leadership position in operating margins run above our company average. Sales in this business were up 9% year-over-year, due to strengthening demand in the Americas and Asia. This growth was offset by lower customer demand for mobile phone components and continued weakness. Although looks like a PC business is starting to stabilize in the consumer devices business. Adjusted operating margins in this segment expanded 120 basis points year-over-year, due to the strong performance in the appliance business. In Q4, we expect revenues to be down slightly versus the prior year, due to continued weakness in the consumer devices portion of the business we do expect another solid growth quarter in our appliance business. I will turn it over to, Bob, to cover the financials in more detail.
Bob Hau: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings which start on Slide 8. Adjusted operating income was $550 million, up 8% versus the prior year. GAAP operating income was $535 million and included $14 million of restructuring and other charges most of which was in the consumer segment and $1 million of acquisition related charges in the quarter. We anticipate full year restructuring charges of approximately $65 million for the full year. Adjusted operating margin was 15.4%, up 60 basis points from Q3 last year. The improvement versus the prior year is driven by improved manufacturing and productivity across all of our segments and volume leverage in the transportation and industrial segments. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.00 and GAAP earnings per share were $0.97 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.03 of restructuring and other charges. Turning to Slide 9, our gross margin in the quarter was 33.6%. This is an 80-basis point increase versus the prior year, due to increased productivity from our TEOA or lean programs. The cost savings from restructuring and metals, and general volume increases offset by the impact of lower SubCom sales. Our total operating expenses were $654 million in the quarter, which was up 5% versus the prior year. The increased resulted primarily from increased investments in sales and marketing to support growth initiatives. On the right side of the slide, you will see net interest expense was $26 million in the quarter and I expect about $26 million of expense again in the fourth quarter. Adjusted other income was primarily relate to our tax sharing agreement was $9 million. In the fourth quarter, I expect other income of about $8 million. The adjusted effective tax rate was 21.8%, slightly better than expectations as we saw large portion of our income earned in lower tax jurisdictions. I now expect the full-year effective tax rate of approximately 23%.  Turning to Slide 10, I will discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash from continuing operations was $501 million and our free cash flow in Q3 was $530 million. Net capital spending during the quarter was $171 million or 4.8% of sales. I expect the capital spending rate to be approximately 4.5% of sales for the full-year. In addition, we made a $200 million tax payments related to a pre-separation tax audit during the quarter. Our working capital was in line with our expectations, with receivable days outstanding at 63 days. Inventory days on hand were 68 days and payable days outstanding were 54. Now, let me discussed the sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow shown on the right side of the slide. Began the quarter at $1.4 billion of cash and increased to $1.6 billion in advance with the acquisition of SEACON, which closed subsequent to the end of the quarter. During the quarter, we returned the totaled of $169 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $119 million and we repurchased about 1 million shares for $50 million. Outstanding debt remained at $3 billion at the quarter of the quarter. Now, I will turn it back to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to Slide 11, and I'll cover our outlook. We expect another strong quarter in Q4, with revenue of $3.56 billion to $3.66 billion, which will be up 47% year-over-year and we expect adjusted EPS of $0.98 to $1.02, an increase of 5% to 10% over year. Again, that's covering up a very weak year-over-year performance in the SubCom business. We do expect continued strength in transportation and industrial. For the full-year, we expect revenue of $13.9 to $14 billion, up 5% versus the prior year. We expect adjusted earnings per share of 376 the 380 and that's an increase of 16% to 18%. As I mentioned earlier, very, very strong year for the company. We are going to open it up for questions. Then I will make some closing comments, when we are done the Q&A. Operator, if you could open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good morning, guys. Two questions for me. One, I guess, Tom, on the networking side, the Subsea business, given the wins you had recently, I sort of come up with a $120 million, $130 million run rate that is feasible in FY'15 on a quarterly basis. I'm curious if that's a reasonable expectation to have. Then, importantly, how do you think leverage plays out on the upside in the undersea business? Is this something that can sustain 50%, 60% conversion margins as you start to see some revenue growth?
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Amit. As you know we will give guidance for the full-year next year, so I am not really going to get into any details, but I'm very encouraged. Finally these projects which we had won and been awarded are going to come into force and when we get the down payment, that's really the proof point. I think in the beginning, it will start slow, right, as we are ramping. It will take a couple of quarters to really get at peak efficiency, but the way I would think about it at this point is it's been a pretty significant headwind for the last couple years and it should become a tailwind next year.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: How do we think of conversion margins, I guess, on that business, Tom, as you start to get incremental sales?
Tom Lynch: Well, again, I don't want to get too specific on that, but it will be reasonable margin conversion. The first job, as you build, as you add jobs youre your capacity, the conversion margins increase, so we are still going to be not running at capacity with the first job over the second job. If you look at our history, it's when you have three or four jobs running. That's when you really see the margins starts to ramp up, but it should be a nice positive next year.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Then just secondly on the cash flow usage dynamics, the buyback pays at $60 million this quarter was a lot below the historical trends you have done for the last several years now, I am assuming you guys are busy, because of Measurement Specialties this quarter, so maybe that negated it. Maybe just talk about why was that pace slower. Is that something you should expect to see as you go forward or should we expect that to uptick? Then maybe just touch on the $200 million payment you guys had to make for the tax separation.
Bob Hau: Yes. It's Bob. I guess both pieces. One, on the share repurchase, we did repurchase about 1 million shares in the current quarter for about $50 million. That is below what we have been running over the last several quarters and it is directly attributed to the M&A activity with measurement in particular where we had as you might suspect material non-public information, so we were blacked out of the market for essentially the vast majority of the quarter. That limited that capability. As we indicated when we announced the Measurement Specialties' acquisition, out into the future, we don't anticipate that deal impact our go-forward plans in terms of return of capital to shareholders, maintaining the two-thirds back to shareholders over time. In terms of the $200 million pre-separation tax payment, that was done in conjunction with the other parties Covidien is Tyco International to pay in advance the 2005-2007 tax audit that is winding up its near completion. We are waiting for the final paperwork from the IRS, so we need that payment in the third quarter to essentially stop the interest calculation on that liability.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Very helpful. Thanks a lot, guys.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Amit.
Bob Hau: Thank you, Amit.
Tom Lynch: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Hi. Thank you. I had a question if you could help us in terms of thinking about normalized margins as we look further to 2015, so kind of piggybacking on the last question. Automotive or transportation, you are kind of running just above 21%. My question was, is there meaningful room to expand that? The bigger question is, network solutions, how do we think about normalized margins? Can that segment get back to at least the high single digits to lower double digits over the next four to six quarters?
Tom Lynch: Sure. Thanks, Amitabh. The normalized margin, as you know, we are pleased to be at this 15% at under $14 billion run rate. I think, automotive - I think this is what I have said the last couple quarters, but plus 20% margin win with kind of normalized vehicle growth, which has been 2.5% to 3% range. I feel confident that we will continue to generate these kinds of margins. This year we are getting a little extra benefit from the great, the really positive mix in heavy trucks both, the Deutsche acquisition and legacy TE business there, so that has given us a push. Our productivity is strong in that business, so I feel good where the margins are and the ability to sustain them. I do expect that we will improve the Network Solutions margins. SubCom is a pretty significant negative margin in the second half and as we get these two jobs rolling that will start to turn in our, what we call the B&S unit, which is Telecom, Wireless and Enterprise, that's running in double-digit margins now. This year it will be the second year in a row that we have added 100 basis points in margin improvement there, so I do expect the Network Solutions to move back toward double-digit margins over the next year to 18 months, depending on the end demand, but we sized for that to take advantage of reasonable growth.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Tom, just as a follow-up on the network solutions, particularly Telecom Networks and Enterprise Networks, these segments are still kind of flat on a year-over-year basis. Can you give us a sense of what you are seeing in the demand environment, perhaps by geography and how we should be thinking about growth in 2015?
Tom Lynch: Again, we are not giving any guidance yet, but this quarter we will give you specificity around the big businesses. What we are seen around the world is mix, that the project business. In this past quarter, European projects were strong in Telecom, weak in Energy. U.S. was a little soft. I think, there is so much going on right now at the macro level in the U.S. telecom-related business that's delayed a few things, but we believe the fundamentals are there to support solid growth in the U.S. going forward. Australia, that important job is building, despite the political uncertainty, so there is and China, as we have mentioned, we have been retreating a little bit from the China market, because a good portion of that market just isn't very attractive. It's kind of a mixed bag. The good news is that we have a really win rate on the fiber awards, and the fiber portion of the network for the second year in a row is growing in solid double-digit. Copper is shrinking, but the good news is the copper base is getting smaller and smaller, so we think the math is the turn pretty soon where that double-digit fiber growth and more and more jobs out there is going to start to deliver this into kind of a low to mid single-digit business and there was pretty good operating leverage in the telecom portion of that business, because it's a nice margin business because of highly engineered products there.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Thank you, Amitabh. Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Wamsi Mohan. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Bob, can you bridge the [90]-basis point decline in transportation margins on a quarter-on-quarter basis? Obviously, it is still very strong versus a year ago, but any color you can share in terms of how it played out between price volume mix or was operating margin more driven by increased investments? If so, where those investments were focused? I have a follow-up.
Bob Hau: Essentially, from a sequential quarter-over-quarter, there are probably two significant drivers. The first one being the main one and it's a bit of mix of the automotive versus the industrial commercial vehicle piece, the heavy trucks. We're overweighed in the second quarter on the commercial vehicle business which has a higher operating margin. Secondly, we are making investments in the combined transportation business and that is ramping up over time, so there is a bit more in terms of OpEx in the third quarter relative to the second quarter of this year.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. Tom, can you talk a little bit about that commercial transport strength and how much longer it can persist? I think a couple quarters ago, you had noted there were pre-buys and expected that market to sort of soften, sounds like there were puts and takes by different regions, but you are still tracking pretty strongly, so just wondering is there something that is driving more persistent strength in that business over the next few quarters as well? To touch on Consumer Devices really quick, that was weaker. Sounds like even next quarter you are not really expecting that to recover. There are some significant consumer product ramps that are happening as we speak, so are you not levered to that? How do you feel about your position in that market longer term? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Sure. The commercial business for the next quarter, it looks, and we will talk again next quarter about what we see in '15. It has been a little bit stronger than we had expected throughout the year. I think you are seeing the pent-up demand in heavy trucks in the U.S. and China and a little bit in Europe, just starting. I think, there's still a fair amount of momentum in the market, because the new China emissions standards don't cut over really until January, so there's a pre-buy, but most of is going to be the post-buy. As we are across all of our businesses, the China businesses is strong again, so if that continues there's strong activity which will require continued investment in heavy trucks and we will see the shift away from the local that we are beginning to see from the local truck manufacturers, so there are more multi-nationals because of the emissions standard. I don't expect it to continue with this rate. Buried within that is a pretty weak Mining, Construction and Agricultural business. It's growing at a much lower rate, the Mining business as you know has been very weak for the last six months for heavy equipment, so I would expect heavy truck demand to start slow down. Then the heavy equipment demand to start to pick up and this continue to be a very solid growth business for us.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Tom. On Consumer Devices?
Tom Lynch: Consumer, we have a thin base. That's our issue, of if a customer or two has a shift, we pay. We can get a nice windfall or we suffer and we are just thinly based in the business. We continue to be selective. I think the team is doing a good job, but that is just not a strong business for us. As I think I have indicated. It's going to take a couple of years really to some wind in our back.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thank you, Wamsi. The next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc.: Hi. Thank you. Thanks for the color on the $200 million tax payment. How does this compare to that [scenario] in your reserves regarding the intercompany interest exclusion and would there be any major variance versus what you have reserved in the settlement based on - it seems like you are nearing that closure.
Tom Lynch: Yes. The $200 million was essentially settling or is an anticipation of settling the '05-'07 audit period excluding intercompany debt. Once we get the final settlement, which we anticipate now in the fourth quarter, essentially we will have settled all pre-separation matters with the exception of the intercompany debt. As you know that is currently going through the tax courts. We anticipate that to take some period of time. We are always open to settlement conversations, but right now that looks like it's going to wind through the tax courts which will take a couple of years. When we first separated and started talking about the tax liability for the company pre-separation tax liability, we essentially indicated $600 million to $700 million of cash payments would be anticipated over an extended period of time. With this most recent payment, we have essentially got about $450 million of that behind us, so going forward once we settled that intercompany debt, we think there is another $200 million of cash will have to be paid out.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc.: Great. With, Measurement Specialties, since the announcement, there has been some news about a factory strike in China and shareholder lawsuits fairness, which I think that gets filed typically after every public company is taken out, but are these issues settled and would they have any impact on the timing of closing?
Tom Lynch: No. They are not going to have any impact. Again, we haven't closed yet, so I won't imagine they are managing through the labor issue in China, which also is not unusual in these kind of deals too. It's they anticipated it, we anticipated and the shareholder suit is it happens every time I think.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: any real issues.
Sujal Shah:  All right. Thank you, Mike. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Matt Sheerin. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted a follow-up on your comments regarding the profitability in Network Solutions. Tom excess Subsea or SubCom business, sounds like you were saying the other three segments are at high-single digit to low double-digit operating profit. I just wanted to double check that, particularly on DataCom, with profitability there. It's unsure. Although, obviously, year-over-year comps are getting easier there, still doesn't look like you are optimistic about that market, so what's your near and long-term strategy there in terms of profitability? Whether or not you are going to take another look at restructuring that business or taking another approach?
Tom Lynch: I would break the Networks, really, and it's kind of we have it in three major pieces, so there's the Telecom, Wireless and Enterprise businesses that are submarkets, but we have them run by one team. That's the business I answered to the earlier question on that has operating margins in low double digits today, where we have strong market positions, where we have a great fiber product line and we are really seeing the shift to fiber continue to increase. I think that's well positioned, as the market picks up, as that mix of fiber and copper continues to move in our favor to have operating leverage on the margin. SubCom, I talked about that's negative margin, but historically it will run in the double-digit range and DataCom is still the weakest margin of the three in the single digits. A lot of that is because we are investing pretty significantly in the next generation platforms, and we have very little revenue there, so I feel good about those high-speed platforms, but there is no question. We are winning awards, but the markets are adopting slowly. As you know in that whole space right now, there is an awful lot of change going on in the whole, what I would call the communication equipment infrastructure side. Again, we don't have a real strong position there. I think there is an opportunity for us, we are investing for the company relatively modest amount - significant in that business, but pretty modest amount of investment to make sure we have a strong high-speed play.
Matt Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Okay. Thanks. Then just wanted to follow-up regarding the SEACON acquisition, could you tell us what the revenue contribution approximately would be this quarter? Is it roughly $30 million or so?
Bob Hau: Yes. That's exactly right. There is about $30 million, $35 million of revenue and that is encompassed in our guidance for fourth quarter.
Matt Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Sujal Shah:  Thanks, Matt. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Thank you and congratulations to you and your team. I have two questions. The first is, when we consider the transportation segment, I believe long-term you are saying that growth rate should kind of be 6% to 8%. Now that we are seeing that Europe is improving, which has very high content per cars and also there is newer hybrid technology catching on, and you just posted organic growth rate of 8%. Is there anything in there that makes it especially on the high end or are we actually shifting towards - long-term we could be at the upper end of that normal range of 6% to 8% or even higher given the hybrid technology coming on? Then the second question is, I guess, for Bob, the CFO, on restructuring with these acquisitions that are being folded in. Outlook on restructuring charges that I believe you have been kind of actively focused on reducing your restructuring. I did not know if that was on an apples-to-apples basis or all of a sudden now with acquisitions we need to model in some additional integration, acquisition restructuring charges?
Tom Lynch: Thank you, Jim. Regarding the automotive growth rate, you are right. We do see it at 6% to 8% and we took that up a little over a year ago. We used to see it as 5% to 7%, a couple factors in there. More, I would say content-driven for sure. I think it will - most so called experts would see that the typical production growth is going to be in the 3% to 4% range, so solid content. HEV, hybrid electric vehicles, definitely the bigger that gets the bigger that is for all of our supplying into the market, because that's more content. Then, of course, the Measurement acquisition is going to help our content. As we get their products and we start selling them in to the automotive market, which they're not today, they have a nice business in the industrial transportation, but the really big opportunity is automotive and we would expect. We are not changing. You know, it's too early to change the range, because there are so many factors that go in to that. Certainly, I would say there is a lot more pointing to the higher part of the range than the lower part of the range at this point.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great. Then on restructuring charges?
Bob Hau: Yes, Jim. In terms of restructuring, both acquisitions that we have got going on right now SEACON just recently closed and Measurement that will close by the end of the calendar year, either one of them have significant restructuring associated with them, so I don't anticipate big movement above what we have indicated as kind of more normal level of restructuring on an annual basis about $50 million to $75 million, I think, will be in line with that going forward. Of course, as we look at our acquisitions that may change, but we will indicate that when that changes.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: That's great news across the board. Thanks and congratulations to you and your team there.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Jim.
Sujal Shah:  Thank you. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner. Please go ahead.
Kirti Shetty - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, this is Kirti Shetty call on behalf of Sherri Scribner. I actually just had one question one the operating margins. Given your long-term target of 15%, and looking at where you have reached this quarter was around 15.4%, how should we think about the target? Do you still maintain it at 15% or how should we be visioning your op margins going forward?
Tom Lynch: I think the best way to think about it is, as we laid out our operating model, we would expect the business in an economy that has grown 3% to 4% to grow by 5% to 7%organically and that operating model should generate in a kind of a normal copper environment, no big swings in exchange rate 20% to 25% flow through. All other things being equal, we would expect that to lift our margins 30 basis points to 50 basis points.
Kirti Shetty - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay.
Tom Lynch: We are not setting a new target like we did before, but I think we have good operating leverage in the company now. Of course, our big thing is to continue to drive solid consistent double-digit EPS growth and cash flow that continues to approximate net income. As we are on track this year for another year of free cash flow above 10% of our revenue.
Kirti Shetty - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Got it. Just to look at the different segments, I was just wondering, is there any kind of seasonality that we can look into? For example the transportation and especially with networking and given the SEACON weakness and things like that?
Tom Lynch: Yes. It's interesting. I think, seasonality, it still exists, but it's because the markets are so global now, the seasonality pronounced as it used to be. Having said that, which will typically see like we are seeing now in our fourth quarter Automotive, sequentially, will go down because its heavy vacation in August and that's when the biggest model changeover occurs in August. Typically, broadband or the non-SubCom DataCom portion of Networks, this will be a stronger quarter because of the weather. You know it's pretty much good weather everywhere typically and that's a business that's very affected by that's, because it's outside primarily. Then, we are not in a big consumer. We don't have a big consumer-electronics business, but that cycle would typically be strong right now because of getting ready for the holiday season. I think over time these peaks and valleys of seasonality are starting to get smoothed out of it.
Kirti Shetty - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Got it. Thanks. Then one last, just wanted to confirm. You said the guidance factors and the SEACON acquisition of 30 million to 35. Was that million?
Bob Hau: That's correct. In terms of revenue, right?
Kirti Shetty - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Sujal Shah:  All right. Thank you. Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein. Please go ahead.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Thanks for taking the question. First, I'm wondering if you can comment on PCs. I think you noted that as weak in the quarter, but we started to see that turned at a lot of companies in particular, Intel, so I am wondering if you can give some color there.
Tom Lynch: I mean, it looks like that business might be finally leveling off. We still have a pretty nice position in the PC business. In the grand scheme of things of the company, it's not that big, so up or down. We like it being up better than down so that's encouraging, but our real focus there is to build a better position in smartphones and tablets. You know, we are better than we were a couple years ago, but we are still not where we need to be.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Then in the wireless infrastructure end market, I apologize if you already mentioned this, but I must have missed it. This is an area where people have been paying a lot of attention to relative to try to China Mobile build and we saw one very problematic data point last night. I wonder what you are seeing in that market.
Tom Lynch: Yes. I mean, again, we have a pretty [nichie] wireless infrastructure business, so in our DataCom business, that business is going well. I would say more, because we have a great product line that goes on the tower, so as much the sheer benefit is market. Then in our the Telecom business, we have a digital antenna system and that business is pretty vibrant right now in the U.S. as its way of expanding coverage and capacity, especially around large venues like stadiums, so we are seeing that pick up. Again, in the grand scheme of wireless, we are kind of a niche player. I don't think it would be indicative of a trend one way or another.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: That's helpful, Tom. Just one other one I can squeeze it in. On the M&A pipeline, you guys have been pretty clear that you are focused on sensors. Now, with Measurement Specialties, what should we think about as the focus going forward? Is the company ready and able to target additional acquisitions? How should we think about that, please?
Tom Lynch: Sure. I would say, I would start with were folks on harsh environment, so continuing to build that part of our business. If you go back a few years it was about 60% of our business. With these two new acquisitions, it's moving close to 75% of our business as we have also sold out of things like Magnetics and Touch, so we are continuing to reposition the company. I think that's working well for us. We do have a very, let's say, robust pipeline as you know it usually takes longer rather than shorter to bring the ones that you really like, and if you can bring them in at all, so we do have the desire and the capability to do more and we are very selective. We had two hit quickly here. It just happened to be that's the way the timing worked out. Two years before that and, you know, it's two plus years before that, so there is no real consistent timing I would say. What I like about where we sit today is, we are building a good reputation for how to do these and I think we are an attractive acquirer to a company and I know the companies that are coming in feel really good about coming in to TE and we are also selective, really selective. I think, we want to continue both, organically and inorganically, build that harsh because that's our sweet spot. That's what we do best and we think we can do it better than anybody.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks, Tom. That's helpful. Appreciate it.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Will.
Sujal Shah:  Thank you. Could we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much for taking the questions. Bob, I am hoping you can help me bridge the implied operating margin guidance for 4Q versus 4Q of 2013. It seems by my math that op margins are relatively flat year-over-year. I think you guys should be getting some restructuring and commodity benefits that are flowing through on a year-over-year basis, but maybe you could just help me understand and quantify what some of the dollar headwinds are, be it, Subsea being lower profitability, maybe mix or some of these other factors you already discussed, like the new investments.
Bob Hau: Yes. Thanks, Mark. Yes. We are about flat. The biggest swing is Subsea of sure. I mean, it was reasonably probable last year and unreasonably loss this year, if could say it that way. That's a single biggest thing. Pretty much everything tracking, I think, Consumer Devices down a little bit kind of hanging around the same margin level we have been, but I think the good news is that consistent margin in the Industrial business company and the Transportation business now operating at consistently above 20%. That transportation business can move from 22% to 21% to [20% to 20.5%] depending on mix in the region we are selling in, but what I am really happy about it is it is consistently above 20%. We feel it will be consistently above 20.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. Thank you. Then maybe you could just help me understand specifically what we should be expecting for restructuring savings for this year and then into next year. My understanding was there should have been about $100 million of savings that the company was expecting to realize in fiscal '15, but sounds like there were some reinvestments going on, and maybe you could just help me understand what the net savings now we should be thinking about now?
Bob Hau: Yes. The restructuring benefit for a 2014 is about $80 million. We have been saying $70 million to $80 million. We are at the upper end of that range. Our expenditures is a little bit about what we were anticipating in the first half of the year, so there is a slightly more benefit accrued. A big chunk of that benefit is associated with the large restructuring actions we took last year, so we got some of the benefits in '13, we get the majority of the benefit in 2014. I would expect a more nominal benefit in thousand '15. We will give some color around that when we give 2015 guidance at the end of the fourth quarter.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Bob Hau: Thank you.
Sujal Shah:  Thanks, Mark. Can we have next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research : Thanks. Good morning. Two questions from me. First of all, just to be clear on the SubCom business. It lost money last quarter. It looks like it lost more $0.02 per share than you were thinking going into the quarter, but you are saying that the next couple of quarters the loss sort of don't get any worse and start to improve mid-year next fiscal year. Can you give us an idea of when breakeven will come back? Secondly, just on the Auto market, just to be clear, it looks like auto production ticked up a little bit more than you would have said 90 days ago, your Transportation sales are basically unchanged, so was there anything you saw in the channel in terms of inventory build that made you sort of maintain the sales outlook you have relative to what is going on in the end demand? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Yes. Let me answer the second one on Auto. I mean, you know, the industry numbers, they are always getting refined. We have pretty good visibility into what our customers are telling us to build for them and it is a strong fourth quarter. Sure by far the strongest since I have been here. There isn't any underlying conclusion to draw from that Steve, I think it's the strong fourth quarter and we will see how it plays out, but we at this time in a quarter, we are responding to what the customers are telling us to build. Could it be a little better or worse? Yes, but it's not going to be - I would be surprised if it was materially different and we don't really see any inventory issues. We are not hearing anything around that kind of watch outs and we are pretty plugged into that. The first part of your question on SubCom, I think, yes. You summed it up. It has cost relative to where we were before few cents versus our guidance. 90 days ago, we offset that with other improvements, which is the good news and that's kind of early I would Q2 to start to be profitable again, but we will get specific on our guidance, we will give a little granularity there. We will be further into the projects and see at what rate they are building, but we are hiring people in New Hampshire. That's the ultimate sign, because we don't do that unless the designs are pretty much finished and customers are ready to eat get going, so that's why we are feeling better, but not giddy given how the last few years have been in SubCom.
Steven Fox - Cross Research : Understandable, I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Welcome.
Sujal Shah:  Thanks, Steve. The next question please?
Operator: Your final question today comes from the line of Shawn Harrison. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi. Just following up on the SubCom, Tom, as you gave with within Network Solutions implies that business lost $15 million to $20 million in the June quarter. Am I in the right ballpark with that math?
Tom Lynch: Yes.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. I guess, maybe the better question is, when do you expect it to break even again?
Bob Hau: Yes, Shawn. I think, with risk of avoiding giving guidance too early, I think it's going to be in the first half of next year. I want to see us, how do we come out of this quarter, at what run rate on the projects. As I said, we are hiring the people. That means we are building the cable. Once the ships get in the water with the cable, then historically jobs run very consistently other than weather, but we always have that. The key thing is, get the award, get the down payment, that's happened. Start building the cable, that's starting. Then get the cable on the ships and the ships are in the, we are actually starting to lay cable and then it's a lot easier to predict, but that's how I feel about it right now. Certainly, our team has a strong view of what is going to happened, but before I go out there with more granularity, I would like to see how we come out of this last quarter of the year.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: That's fair. Then just on SEACON. What is the EBIT margin projected to be for that business? I think, initially it was like a 30% EBIT margin, which would imply something like $0.07 to $0.08 of maybe potential EPS accretion in 2015, but if any more granularity on the profitability of SEACON, as we enter 2015?
Bob Hau: Yes. Shawn. It's Bob. The business is about, call it, $120 million of revenue and when we announced the acquisition, we did indicate that they do about 30% EBITA margin, so you got the numbers right. Obviously, we haven't given 2015 guidance for the total company. Certainly, not for SEACON at this point in time, but that is that 30% EBITDA margin of pre-acquisition.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Would you expect a lot of integration costs? If so would that just fall into 2014?
Tom Lynch: There is not a lot of integration costs and we just completed the deal, so we are now in the midst of bringing that company into the full, but there is not significant restructuring solution with it.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks so much.
Bob Hau: Thanks, Shawn.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, everybody, for your questions. Just a few closing comments, I'm excited because we are coming down the stretch of a very good year for the company. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to deliver 5% organic growth overcoming an incredibly weak SubCom business, 17% adjusted EPS growth and another tremendous year of free cash flow. Our harsh environment portfolio is performing very well. We are really pleased with that and we also are continuing to strengthen the company with the strategic acquisitions of SEACON and Measurement Specialties. As Bob indicated, we will continue to consistently return capital to shareholders, so I think we have very balanced capital allocation strategy, I think we have a balanced business strategy and I feel good about where the company is positioned. Thanks again for joining us this morning and have a good day and a great rest of the summer.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern Time today through July 30th. You may access the AT&T TeleConference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering access code 329466. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844, with the access code 329466. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Tom Lynch  Chief Executive Officer Bob Hau  Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Terrence Curtin  President, Industrial Solutions  Keith Kolstrom  Vice President, Investor Relations  
Analysts: Mark Delaney  Goldman Sachs Wamsi Mohan  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Wood  Macquarie Capital Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets Matt Sheerin  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research Amitabh Passi  UBS  Jim Suva  Citigroup  William Stein  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey  Steven Fox  Cross Research Sheri Scribner  Deutsche Bank   
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity F2Q Earnings Call. (Operator instructions.) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Keith Kolstrom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Keith Kolstrom: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivitys F2Q 2014 results. With me today are Chairman and CEO Tom Lynch and CFO Bob Hau. During the course of this call we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the section of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at www.te.com. Finally I would like to remind everyone to please try to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure were able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Keith, and good morning everyone. This was another good quarter for TE Connectivity on many fronts. The majority of the markets we serve are exhibiting solid growth trends and this growth is fairly broad-based across most of the regions of the world. There are still some uncertain spots but overall I am encouraged by the trend. Its good to see other markets in addition to automotive picking up some steam. Were very well positioned in about 90% of the markets we serve, and virtually all of them have attractive underlying drivers which require more of our highly-engineered connectivity products. The concept of the Internet of Things is real and we are seeing it across almost all of our customers. I feel we are in an excellent position to be able to capitalize on these trends because of the range of our technology and the extensive resources we have close to the customer around the globe. Our operational performance also continues to improve. This quarter we delivered adjusted operating margin of 15.5%, up 190 basis points from last year; and were on track to deliver 15.0% + adjusted operating margins for the full year. Strong productivity driven by our TEOA program, and this is our business system that encompasses Lean Six Sigma and engineering design productivity coupled with a much more balanced footprint has resulted in very good operating leverage in most of our businesses. Were also benefiting from our strategic focus of building our harsh environment product portfolio.  The company continues to generate strong cash flow, with six straight years of free cash flow yield at or above 10% of revenue. This gives us the flexibility to execute important strategic acquisitions such as SEACON which Ill discuss a bit more further on while still returning two-thirds of our cash flow to shareholders over time. Our philosophy is a balanced approach which emphasizes organic investment, strategic acquisitions, and returning cash to shareholders through consistent dividend growth and share repurchase. Overall the world feels more solid economically than it has in a while and we are well positioned to capitalize on this. Now lets go to the slides. Please turn to Slide 3. Revenues in F2Q were in line with expectation and adjusted earnings per share was above out guidance range. We continued to see improvement in many of our end markets and the fall through to operating income on the year-over-year sales increases was strong.  Here are some highlights of the quarter: organically sales were up 6% overall and up 7% excluding Sub Commp. The automotive, aerospace, oil & gas, industrial and telecom businesses drove this growth. This more than offset expected declines in the consumer devices and Data Comm businesses and continued project delays in our Sub Comm business. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.95 was up 25% versus last year and $0.05 better than the midpoint of our guidance. As I mentioned earlier adjusted operating margins were 15.5%, up 190 basis points over the prior year, and we remain on track to exceed 15.0% for the full year as we continue to deliver strong operational performance across the majority of our businesses. Free cash flow was $273 million and we returned $281 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. The annual dividend was increased 16% to $1.16 per share by our shareholders last month at our annual general meeting. This increase will be effective with the June dividend payment. This represents the fourth consecutive year of double-digit dividend increases. Our orders increased 4% organically in the quarter and our book-to-bill was 1.03, excluding Sub Commp. Orders growth was broad based with growth in all regions and in line with our expectations. For the full year we are raising the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.03 to $3.78. This is an increase of $0.17 versus our prior year performance. In the second half we expect solid growth in the transportation markets and continued steady improvement in most of our industrial markets. This, coupled with our strong F2Q performance, will more than offset continued delays in Sub Comm projects. The $3.78 compares to our original guidance six months ago of $3.65, a 13% increase. We entered this fiscal year expecting to deliver strong results and are on track to beat those original expectations.  Please turn to Slide 4. We announced the planned acquisition of the SEACON Group on April 2nd. This transaction is another step in strengthening our leadership in higher growth harsh environment applications. SEACON has a 50-year history of supplying connectivity solutions for underwater applications, one of the harshest environments where superior quality and performance are required. Their leading portfolio of products and technologies is a very complimentary fit with our existing solutions for the underwater oil & gas markets. We currently have a nice business of about $150 million in revenue that has had solid double-digit growth over the last five years. The addition of SEACON will add over $115 million of revenue and bring our total business to $250 million. Well also double our served market to over 1 billion. We expect to continue to generate double-digit revenue growth in this market going forward as this acquisition positions us with the leading product offering. I first had the opportunity to meet the owners of SEACON several years ago. They have built a great business and an outstanding team. The acquisition is expected to be accretive in year one excluding one-time costs and will be reported in the Aerospace, Defense, Oil & Gas business within our Industrial Solutions segment.  Were very excited to welcome the SEACON group to TE. As we mentioned in our press release we expect the acquisition to be finalized in the current fiscal year. Terrence Curtin, who is the President of our Industrial Solutions segment is here and available for questions on this subject in the Q&A section. Ill now provide some detail by business within each segment in the next four slides. Unless I indicate otherwise all changes are on an organic basis which excludes the effects of currencies, acquisitions, and divestitures. Please turn to Slide 5. Transportation had another great quarter. Sales of $1.57 billion were up 13% over the prior year and orders were up 7% with a booked to bill of 1.0. Global auto demand continues to be solid and auto production in Europe was up both sequentially and versus the prior year driven by exports and importantly improving global demand. Global vehicle production in the quarter was about 21.5 million units, up 5% from last year. Revenue from the industrial transportation business was again very strong in the quarter due to overall strength in the truck market and the impact of emissions standards changes in Europe and China. And just a comment, our TE and Deutsche Industrial Transportation businesses are now fully integrated and performing very, very well. Transportation revenues grew double digits in all regions this quarter. Europe was up 12% as I mentioned earlier due to strong exports and improvement in local demand, and in Europe new car registrations were up in the March quarter. In the Americas revenues were up 10% due to continued solid demand and share gain. Asia revenues were up 18%, with a 34% increase in our business in China and 12% in Japan. Were the leader in China and continue to grow faster than the market. We continue to invest aggressively in talent and capacity there to further strengthen this position. Our margin improvement was due to a combination of favorable mix with heavy trucks in the industrial transportation market, the operating leverage that came with our volume increases and productivity improvements driven by our TEOA program. As I mentioned last quarter we expect revenue growth in mid- to high-single digits in the second half as we do expect some moderation in the year-over-year auto production growth rates, which is typical. We expect adjusted margins to remain at or above the 20% level. Please turn to Page 6. Market demand in the Industrial Solutions segment was in line with our expectations in F2Q. Revenues were up 4% and orders were up 2% versus the prior year. We are seeing a continued recovery in the industrial equipment business, with revenues up 8% driven by demand in the factory automation and high-speed rail markets. The commercial aerospace and oil & gas markets were up 5% and continue to have strong demand. We expect this to continue for the balance of the year. As expected, our energy business was down slightly in the quarter as demand softened, particularly with emerging market customers in Europe. Adjusted operating margins continue to improve and were up 70 basis points versus the prior year as a result of the increased volumes, the benefits of accelerated restructuring and productivity increases. Looking forward we expect another good quarter in F3Q with sales up mid-single digits versus the prior year and continuing margin improvement. Please turn to Page 7. Sales in the Network segment were down about 1% versus the prior year. This was mostly in line with our guidance except further weakness in the Sub Comm business caused by additional project delays. Excluding Sub Comm sales were up 2% organically. The Telecom Networks business grew 6% in the quarter driven by increased investment in fiber optic networks particularly in Europe. The Enterprise business was up 5% due primarily to strength in the Americas. Our Data Comm business was down 7% in line with our expectations. The Sub Comm business is very slow as the timing of awarded projects coming into force continues to delay. We now project second half revenue of $150 million with full-year expectations down about $100 million from our prior guidance and from prior year. And due to these delays in the current quarter we are anticipating a loss in Sub Comm in F3Q. On a positive note, the AAE1 project which was announced yesterday, and this is a major project that connects Asia with Europe worth more than $500 million, came into force last week and we expect to begin the project late in the quarter. And when we say came into force that means weve got a sizable down payment.  This has been a very tough year in the Sub Comm market but we are very well positioned with our wins over the last two years, and I remain confident that demand for bandwidth will drive another build cycle. Adjusted operating margins in the segment were down slightly versus the prior year driven by the sales decline in Sub Comm and Data Comm. We do expect seasonal second half pickup in the Telecom and Data Comm businesses. Overall segment revenue should be up about 10% versus the first half. So to digest the Networks business, the Telecom, Wireless and Enterprise businesses which comprise about $2 billion annual revenue are growing again this year after a couple years of decline and margins for the year will be double digits. Sub Comm is we believe at the very bottom now and the Data Comm business is starting to level out. And on a positive note there are investments in high-speed solutions that are starting to take hold. Please turn to Slide 8. Revenue in our Consumer Solutions business was down 3% versus the prior year. This was in line with our expectations as lower customer demand in the consumer devices business more than offset growth of 5% in the appliances business. We continue to see improving trends in the appliance market where we have the leading market share and very attractive operating margins. Adjusted operating margins in the segment were similar to the prior year despite the revenue decline due to the restructuring savings and metals tailwinds. In F3Q we expect revenues to be up slightly versus the prior year. Now Ill turn it over to Bob to cover the financials in more detail.
Bob Hau: Thanks, Tom, and good morning everyone. Let me discuss earnings which start on Slide 9. Adjusted operating income was $532 million, up 20% versus the prior year. GAAP operating income was $510 million and included $21 million of restructuring charges, 35% of which was in the Networks segment, and $1 million of acquisition-related charges in the quarter. We continue to anticipate full-year restructuring charges of approximately $50 million for the full year. Adjusted operating margin was 15.5%, up 190 basis points from F2Q last year. The improvement versus the prior year is driven by the 6% organic sales growth, productivity from TEOA, cost savings from restructuring actions taken the last couple of years, and favorable metals costs. Adjusted EPS was $0.95 and GAAP EPS was $0.87 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.03 of restructuring and other charges and $0.05 of charges related to the legacy shared tax liabilities. These tax charges are consistent with our overall expectations of settlement of these pre-separation tax issues. Turning to Slide 10, our gross margin in the quarter was 34.2%. This is a 200 basis point increase versus the prior year due to volume increases, increased productivity from our TEOA Lean programs, and a cost savings from restructuring and metals.  Total OPEX spending was $641 million in the quarter, which was up 5% versus the prior year. The increase resulted primarily from increased investments in sales and marketing and increased variable compensation costs, partially offset by cost savings attributed to restructuring actions. On the right side of this slide, net interest expense was $26 million in the quarter and I expect $26 million to $27 million of expense in both F3Q and F4Q going forward. Adjusted other income, which primarily relates to our tax sharing agreement, was $2 million. In F3Q I expect other income of about $8 million. The adjusted effective tax rate was 21.7% which was lower than expected. This is partially offset by the lower other income and gave us a net benefit of about $0.02 to earnings per share. Overall the adjusted tax rate for the first half of the year was 23.8% and I expect the adjusted tax rate to be in the 24.0% range through the remainder of the fiscal year. Turning to Slide 11 Ill discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash from continuing operations was $453 million and our free cash flow in F2Q was $273 million. Net capital spending during the quarter was $159 million or 4.6% of sales and I continue to expect the capital spending rate to be approximately 4.0% to 5.0% of sales for the full year. Receivable days outstanding were 63 days and inventory days on hand were 73 days, each up two days versus the prior year. Inventory levels were slightly elevated as we expect increased revenues in a number of our businesses in the second half. Now let me discuss sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow, shown on the right side of this slide. We began and ended the quarter with $1.4 billion of cash. During the quarter we returned a total of $281 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $102 million and repurchased about 3.1 million shares for $179 million. As Tom mentioned earlier we expect the SEACON acquisition of $490 million to close in the current fiscal year. Outstanding debt remained at $3 billion at the end of the quarter.  Now Ill turn it back to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to Slide 12 and Ill cover our outlook. Based on the trends I discussed earlier we expect F3Q revenue of $3.54 billion to $3.64 billion, up 3% to 6%. The project delays in Sub Comm are negatively impacting our growth rates by approximately 1%. We expect adjusted EPS of $0.96 to $1.00 which is an increase of 9% to 14% over the prior year. In F3Q we expect continued strong results from both the Transportation and Industrial segment. The Consumer segment is expected to be up slightly, and Networks excluding Sub Comm is expected to be about flat versus the prior year. Please turn to Slide 13. For the full year we expect revenue of $13.8 billion to $14.1 billion, up 4% to 6% versus the prior year. We expect adjusted EPS of $3.72 to $3.84, an increase of 15% to 19%. Relative to prior guidance the story is Transportation is stronger and Sub Comm is weaker. We expect to have another very strong year of cash flow and were using that cash in a manner that is consistent with the plan we have discussed over the last several years, namely investing to grow the business organically with investments in manufacturing capability and capacity in emerging markets as well as increased investments in R&D and sales and marketing, strategic acquisitions like the SEACON Group that accelerate growth in attractive markets and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase.  Just to close Im encouraged by the positive signs in most of our markets we serve and feel very good about our overall execution. I really believe were well positioned for future growth and expect to deliver strong performance for the remainder of the fiscal year and beyond. So now lets open it up for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions.) And our first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney  Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much for taking the question. Tom, I was hoping if first you could elaborate a little bit more on the outlook for the Sub Comm business. I understand its weaker in the near term but you also mentioned a new award coming into force, and maybe you can help us understand with the order pipeline what that implies for revenue potential in the subsea business as you start to think into F2015.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Mark. As you know were not really going to talk about F2015 until the end of the year but in the Sub Comm business, theres really three components of the business. The biggest part is building the communications systems and thats the piece thats really down right now because of the project push-outs. The smaller pieces are maintenance and our oil & gas business which is fairly steady. And this AAE1 award which we were awarded many months ago but it took a while to come into force is good news but its happening a lot later than we thought, which means that were underutilizing our assets right now. As that comes into force late this quarter, early next quarter, we believe thatll start to ramp. Theres several other projects that weve been awarded that are close to coming into force but theyve also been taking longer. So I think once we get two to three projects to complement sort of the ongoing business, then well start to ride up the upswing of the cycle.
Mark Delaney  Goldman Sachs: That makes sense, thank you for that. And then for my follow-up question Im hoping we can get a little more detail on the recently proposed acquisition of SEACON. I mean what are the expectations there in terms of margins and if you plan to do any restructuring in that business, or if its already having a cost structure that you expect it to have longer term.
Tom Lynch: Ill say a few things and then Ill ask Terrence to elaborate. Id say this isnt really a cost synergy play; this is an expanded market play. So were really doubling the size of our served market and bringing a full system now to the customer. So thats the attractive part and its higher than company margins for sure because of the very highly engineered and extreme harsh environment nature of the business. Terrence, do you want to elaborate on that?
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Tom. Hello everyone. When you look at SEACON, I think a couple of things maybe to paint a picture of where we play today in the underwater space from an interconnect perspective and what SEACON brings to us. First off, when you look at our position today were exposed to about a $400 million market which is very focused on high-performance cable as well as connections around the power element. SEACON very nicely has about $115 million of revenue. It is extremely profitable; about 30% plus EBITDA, and when you look at it it really opens up our market from $400 million to over $1 billion as Tom said. So what they bring is really along the optical and fiber side, connections that happen underwater  theyre very wet-matable. And when we look at this market overall weve been able to basically grow our small position from $70 million to over $150 million today.  What it really does is give us a rounded out portfolio in some of the harshest environments, and we believe with the combined portfolio, with the trends we see in underwater and oil & gas, well be able to continue to grow the combined well north of double-digit growth going forward. So were happy with the acquisition and what it brings. To Toms point it is very much around growth and really making sure we capitalize on this market that is a very fast-growing market, and one of the fastest in the industrial space from a segment perspective.
Mark Delaney  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next well go to the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you, good morning. Tom, in Networks youve been divesting $20 million or so of revenues each quarter over the last two quarters. Can you tell us what these underperforming assets are and how much more there is to go? And I have a follow-up.
Tom Lynch: Sure, thanks Wamsi. In Data Comm we did that last year and were coming to the end of the compare, but we were in for a long time the magnetics business  basically coils that are used to help set frequencies in these products, really a commodity product that had a number of competitors. So it just didnt fit the kind of highly engineered criteria that we have for our business. You take that out, the business is down single digits. Some of that is market; some of that is clearly were kind of a mid-tier player in the current 15 GB speeds, but thats pretty much behind us, the exit of product lines in that business.
Wamsi Mohan  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay great, thanks. And in the Networks business clearly Sub Comm has a large negative impact on margins, but can you give us some sense how the ex-Sub Comm margins trended in the segment in the current quarter and how much restructuring benefits flowed into this quarter? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Yeah, Id say just generally commenting on the comments, the Telecom, Enterprise and Wireless piece, which we would think of together as our broadband business, which is about a $2 billion annual business, margins trended up in the quarter and theyre trending up in the year. And that business as I said was down 4% last year; its up 4% this year and thats two thirds of the segment. In Data Comm margins are still down. Thats really two components: our core connector business is improving and were making a sizable investment in high-speed copper and fiber because thats where the world is going. And we want to lead there, and early wins position us well but thats not going to become serious revenue for a few years. And the Sub Comm margins are way down because the volumes way down.
Wamsi Mohan  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Next well go to the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood  Macquarie Capital: Hi, thank you. In Automotive, your view for 1% to 2% EMEA growth for next quarter, Im curious how that floats with the kind of mid-single digit growth were seeing in vehicle registrations in Western Europe exiting the quarter roughly at a 10% growth rate. Im curious what the production versus demand trends are youre seeing there.
Tom Lynch: Yeah, youre talking about the production growth in Europe.
Mike Wood  Macquarie Capital: Yes.
Tom Lynch: Yeah, I mean thats what the industrys projecting right now and its corroborated by what our customers are guiding us on to produce relative to local production. But remember we have consistently grown in Europe as well as some of the higher-end vehicle makers there because so much of their product is exported.  I think whats really positive about this is theres absolutely overall growth in Europe locally, so that says that the economys, you know, its not robust by any stretch but its improving and thats broadening the base of car sales over there; whereas weve really benefitted up until the last two quarters by the export market which is a high content market. This is putting a broader base on it.
Mike Wood  Macquarie Capital: Okay, and can you also comment on there was a large telco carrier in the US that just announced plans to roll out fiber in the US in a number of cities  what trends just that youre seeing overall in terms of the fiber deployment and whether or not youre seeing any pricing pressure in that segment as those carriers increase CAPEX in that area.
Tom Lynch: Mike, its really a carrier-by-carrier thing around the world. So that particular carrier youre talking about, well we do well with all the carriers in the US and were benefitting from that. A little more pricing pressure than normal, which with the fiber volume up This is the second year in a row where the fiber portion in the Networks, our revenue is up double digits.  And one interesting thing thats happening in that market is the copper piece is finally getting to a small enough piece where the decline in copper isnt directly offsetting fiber, and thats why were starting to see the growth because carriers are investing in the fiber portion of the business. And that 4% I talked about, that 4% to 5% that we expect to grow this year, thats closer to high-single digits in fiber. So we are definitely seeing it. Theres a lot of positive trends I would say  new players announcing theyre going to build fiber networks, net neutrality kind of wearing down in the US, of course just the tremendous requirement for more bandwidth. So the trends look better right now, feel better, are better I would say  those underlying trends  than they have been for a long time as drivers for our part of the business, so were optimistic but we need to see it turn into a higher revenue growth rate for sure.
Mike Wood  Macquarie Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And now well go to the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Perfect, thanks, good morning guys. Two questions from me, one just on capital allocation  can you just touch on your capital allocation thought process as you get through the back of the year, or given the fact that you have to have a cash outlay of $490 million for SEACON does that change the buyback process on a go forward basis at all?
Bob Hau: Thanks, Amit, this is Bob. Overall as you know our capital strategy is broadly set around continuing strong free cash flow which we anticipate will approximate net income out into the future; and that allows us to fund the capital requirements of the business. In order of priority well continue to fund organically  thats capital investments as well as R&D that we spend 4% to 5% of sales and capital. We spend about 5% in R&D and we anticipate that continuing out into the future. After the organic investments were certainly looking for value-creating strategic acquisitions. And then long-term over a period of time we expect two thirds of our cash to go back to shareholders through dividends which weve been increasing as earnings increase  a s Tom pointed out in the upfront comments four years in a row of double-digit increases, and as recently as last month a 16% increase for the annual dividend. And we also do share buyback. And the SEACON acquisition perfectly aligned with that strategy. Its a $500 million, $490 million of cash outflow, well pay with cash on the balance sheet.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And I guess, Tom, I was wondering if you could maybe spend some time talking about how do you think about divestures broadly on a go-forward basis or when to deemphasize parts of your business? I recall that when you guys had actually spun out a telco divesture is actually a very big part of the story of how you guys were able to improve margins. Im curious, as you look at your portfolio, especially the networking piece of your business or parts of it, how do you evaluate divestures on a go-forward basis?
Tom Lynch: Well, a couple ways, Amit. I think first and foremost when we came out and looked at the portfolio and shored up the strategy around connectivity there had to be a couple criteria, right? It had to be related to the strengths we had. So we werent interested if the most part of the business had no relation to the rest of the businesses and we couldnt leverage our strengths, so thats why we did quite a bit. Id say the portfolio we have now is all related to connectivity, and when you think of the internet of things theres the network that enables that and theres everything thats connected to it, and were right in the middle of both of those. So we like that position very much. Networks has been a slow business for sure the last couple years but Im still very bullish on the underlying dynamics, all the things I mentioned on the last question, that say theyre going to drive it. So if you look at the telecom, enterprise, wireless, youve got to push fiber more into the network. And even if you dont believe in fiber to the home, high bandwidth to the home with a small cell network requires a lot more fiber than you have today. G.fast, you know, whats coming in the next generation, call it very, very, very, very fast DSL in the next couple years, needs to be much closer to the home which needs to have a fiber connection to upload it. And then as you just get LTE all over the place you need a much more robust fiber backhaul to take advantage of it. So when we look at all those qualities we say theres going to be investment. Were starting to see signs of it picking up. Were seeing a much more broad base of that around the world. So we havent changed our fundamental strategic view of the business, so we havent changed how we see it fitting in the portfolio.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Got it. I guess, Tom, initially you made a comment saying you guys are very well positioned in about 90% of the markets you serve. I guess I was curious of what are the 10% you think youre not well positioned in and is that the divesture potential for you guys?
Tom Lynch: Well those two are consumer devices, so thats about $700 million of revenue where were not a lead player there and we dont have the best sockets. But thats such a, its a core business to us. I mean we do everything there we do every place else, so its the same capital, same material, etc. And Ill say Data Comm but in Data Comm we have tremendous momentum around the next generation of high speed, with the product and the products in the market, the products been selected by a variety of customers.  Now the transition from the current speeds that are out there in datacenters and in the wireless network higher speed takes time, but what Im really excited about there is the decisions we made over four or five years to develop high speed, they have some proof points now. Id say both of those businesses are core connector businesses, right? They are part of the h$10.5 billion of what youd refer to as the Connector business, and that business end-to-end Some businesses are stronger than others but overall its an incredibly strong business.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Perfect, thanks a lot.
Tom Lynch: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And next well go to the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Yes, thanks and good morning. Just a couple of questions from me: on the Industrial Solutions business you had nice year-over-year improvement in operating margin. As you look forward through the rest of the fiscal year do you think you can get those margins to the company average around 15%? And is that coming mostly from leverage on volume or is there more restructuring benefits from that?
Tom Lynch: Id say its a combination of things. Clearly the most important thing is volume, but we feel as I mentioned in my earlier comments, we feel good about the momentum and the order rates weve seen for the last three quarters continuing into this quarter, support continuing, revenue growth  were in that kind of 4% to 6% revenue growth. That business has very nice operating leverage with the improvements over the last couple of years.  So yeah, we expect the margin to continue to march up and I think as we said at Investor Day we see that as a business that over the next couple of years is well over the 15% company average that we have today. So were very bullish on that business both from a growth aspect and the markets that we play in and the products we have as well as the improvements in operating leverage thatll deliver higher margins.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Okay, thanks. And Bob, you mentioned in your commentary about metals, lower metals costs having a benefit on your gross margin. Can you help quantify that either year-over-year or sequentially and how does that impact your model going forward?
Bob Hau: Yeah, year-over-year it was about $17 million, $18 million in the current quarter, F2Q. And we expect about $15 million to $20 million per quarter in the second half of the year, consistent with prior guidance.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: And youre not seeing any impact on pricing as customers see the benefit of those, the Euro benefits where theyre asking for lower pricing in pass through? 
Tom Lynch: Hi Matt, this is Tom. I would say price erosion is up a little bit so its hard, you cant completely look at those two disconnected. The business doesnt work with kind of across the board increases or decreases; it tends to be negotiation by negotiation. But net of the two its a net benefit Id say because the price erosion increase is less than the benefit were getting. If you were to just simply say they take out all the metal tailwinds benefit, how are we doing? Were still slightly above 15%.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: And well go next to Shawn Harrison from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Good morning, Tom. Back of the envelope is it about maybe a $0.03 earnings headwind versus kind of your expectations? And then just also if you could maybe size the total programs, I guess the one that came into force and the ones that could potentially come into force in the next couple quarters?
Tom Lynch: Are you talking about Sub Comm, Shawn?
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Yes.
Tom Lynch: Its in that range, yeah  its $0.03 to $0.04 from where [we were] in the quarter.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Okay, and just the size of the program that came into force as well as the ones coming into force as far as the opportunity.
Tom Lynch: The one that came into force is the biggest one we had in the backlog, about $0.5 billion and the others are less than that  theyre more in the $150 million to $200 million range and coming into force soon. Weve been awarded and we work closely with the customers, so if they come into force in the next couple of months that will shore up next year and thatll be better than next year.
Bob Hau: And Shawn, the AAE contract that just came into force, well start that later this quarter and thatll take us through 2016 to complete that program.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Okay. And then just as a follow-up on networks I see where I guess the telecom, the wireless aspect, even the enterprise coming back  and you have visibility now into a double-digit EBIT margin in the back half of the year. But if I add everything up it looks as if in terms of over the next two years its going to be tough to get to a mid-teens EBIT margin without further restructuring. Do you think further restructuring within Networks is possible or is needed to get to lets say a 15% EBIT margin?
Tom Lynch: Id answer it this way. If the growth that we expect, seeing signs in Sub Comm, seeing nice signs in broadband and believe that were, with the discontinued products and the new products that are coming we should be back into growth in Data Comm. With the restructuring that weve done in the last year which is pretty significant, well start to see the benefit with revenues in the segment growing 5% to 6%.  If for some reason were wrong on that growth rate, again, and its a smaller business there is the propensity that we wont need as much infrastructure. But I dont believe that, but as weve done in the past youll see well adjust accordingly. We could march it back up to near that mid-15%. It depends on how fast the growth comes back.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: How much restructuring is left in terms of I guess savings to come into the business over the next lets say 12 to 18 months, in terms of dollar amount?
Bob Hau: Overall Shawn, we took obviously a significant amount of restructuring last year across the company and spent a little over $300 million. Thats tailing off dramatically, this year about $50 million. Last year if I recall Networks was about 40% of that spend across the organization. As I indicated in my opening comments we took some restructuring charges of about $21 million in the most recently completed quarter, F2Q. About 75% of that was related to Networks. So as Tom pointed out heavy restructuring is behind us. We expect kind of a net benefit of $115 million of run rate savings in 2015 from those restructuring actions. Were getting about $70 million to $80 million this year, so an incremental $40 million next year.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: And the spend would be equivalent to the saves in terms of just ballparking a percentage.
Bob Hau: Correct, thats probably fair.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Gotcha, thanks so much, Bob, and congrats guys on the progress in the quarter.
Bob Hau: Thanks, Shawn.
Operator: Thank you. And next well go to the line of Amitabh Passi from UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi  UBS : Hi, thank you. Tom, I wanted to try the portfolio question from a slightly different vantage point. If I look at Network solutions and I look at energy networks along with Consumer, these have been segments that have been quite challenging. You did talk about Network solutions improving. But Im curious, as you think about M&A is there opportunity to further bolster these segments or do you think this is largely a volume-related weakness, that as business and demand trends improve these segments do better? Or do you see M&A potential as well in telecom networks and energy networks?
Tom Lynch: Let me take each of those real quick individually. Energy I would say weve always looked at and been interested in M&A in that business. Really its been slow; it really follows the economy and we expect its growth to resume. Its been especially slow in Europe but its a good business, its a good cash generation business, a business thats right around the company average margin and that margin has been improving. Whenever we grow 3% to 4% we see a nice margin lift, so Id consider that a nice solid business thats steady contribution. Consumer, I dont see M&A in Consumer. I think thats really we have to win more sockets as we would say and more strategic sockets. I think weve really upgraded some areas where we were very weak in that business which was operationally. We have what I consider a crackerjack operational team there now and we just have to persevere with the designs and get some design wins there, and thats revenue related. Youre absolutely right  we need to grow more revenue there. And the third one was Networks in general, telecom, wireless. I dont see anything significant in M&A there because in our push to the network, I mean we made the move to take leadership in fiber when we acquired ADC. And while the revenue hasnt materialized like we thought, the insurance policy, the cost side, weve taken a ton of costs out. So we feel that business, were well positioned in our portion of the network.  We really do have the best fiber, the best connectivity product line across the world. We see it in the high win rate we have  thats a volume play. Thats a very nice gross margin business thats higher than the company average gross margins so thats a leverage play and were starting to see signs of this 4% growth range this year. So theyre all kind of in a little bit different perspective but thats at a high level way to think about it.
Amitabh Passi  UBS : Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up, I was intrigued by your comment where youd said even if youre not a believer in fiber to the home. And I just wanted to get a sense from you, are you seeing a preference for wireless alternatives or next-gen copper alternatives which seems counter to some of the gigabit Ethernet movement that were seeing the industry, or I thought we were seeing maybe the industry pivot back to where its fiber to the home. So I would love to get your thoughts there.
Tom Lynch: Its mixed. I mean when we look at our business we know we need to be able to support multiple different network architectures, and they range from kind of HFC, the cable side going deeper, you know, the normal cable networks going deeper with more fiber  were benefitting from that. Some carriers really believe in fiber deep and fiber to the home. Id say theyre benefitting from that. DSL is really not sufficient anymore but it takes time to change it, and thats what youre hearing from one of the carriers, that theyre going to get very aggressive in response to another new carrier/search company. Around the world its different. Theres parts of Europe where theyre aggressively building fiber to the home, and theres other parts that are waiting for G.fast which is the super-fast VDSL, but that requires more fiber. Theres Australia/New Zealand building fiber to the home and even with the changing government, while thats slowed down a bit its probably going to be more selective with fiber to the home but fiber deep. But if youre going to deliver, if content providers  like theyre negotiating now for dedicated bandwidth for the carriers, youre going to have to push fiber deeper into the network to get that because LTE does have some limitations. So I think its kind of timing of investments but we are starting to see a little more positive signs, and were optimistic that maybe this cycle on our end of the network  which Id call the bandwidth-rich portion of the network  is starting to come back. But we need to see that consistently before Im comfortable that its actually here.
Amitabh Passi  UBS : Excellent, thank you.
Tom Lynch: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you, and next well go to the line of Jim Suva from Ciri. Please go ahead. 
Jim Suva  Citigroup : Thanks very much. A stickler clarification point and then my two questions: on the clarification, I assume or maybe let me know if Im right or wrong that the pending acquisition of SEACON is not in your sales and EPS outlook because its still pending? Or maybe Im wrong with that.  And then along with that questioning, can you help us understand the margin profile of this businesses? It seems like it would be accretive to your margins but Im just not sure on that. And do you have to do any cost realignments with them? Like are they located physically where some of your plants are and you can integrate the two plants together? Are we looking at another round of restructuring or is it sound, everyones quite happy with how you have it?  And then my second question is on a different topic about the consumer side, is youve kind of been talking about trying to get some wins for quite some time organically. It seems like either its not happening or youve got the wins and theyre going to come. But can you help us understand is your confidence there a lot higher or is there still just a lot of wood to chop or a lot more effort still to turn around the Consumer business which has been underperforming for multiple years?
Bob Hau: Yeah, Jim, its Bob. On SEACON you are correct  we do not have an impact from the acquisition in our outlook. We expect that deal to close still later this year and it will close late enough in the year that it will have zero to negligible impact on the overall results for F2014. Obviously we expect it to close this fiscal year and so therell be an impact in F2015. In terms of margin profile and our plans for restructuring sort of thing, Ill turn it back to Terrence to address that one.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Bob and Jim, its Terrence. In relation to your question, yes, SEACON as Tom covered on the slide is about $115 million in revenue and has above 30% EBITDA. So from your viewpoint yes, it will be above company average margins of both the segment and the company in that regard. When we look at what they do, this is not a cost play. So when you look at restructuring there is no big restructuring or plant consolidations in relation to this acquisition. Its really around growth but certainly Im sure therell be some acquisition costs that Bob and Keith will call out to you just due to typical acquisition things but not restructuring.
Tom Lynch: And Jim, on the Consumer side I would say were performing better in the newer parts of the market but its not enough to move the needle yet. So let me elaborate a bit on that. The PC and feature phone business part of Consumer is still bigger than the tablet and smartphone business, and the PC and feature phone business which is where we still have a little better position in a market thats shrinking  but thats going to cross over sometime in the next year. But were growing almost at the market in tablets and smartphones but its just not enough to move the meter. So we have won some significant awards but its still not big enough yet to grow the business. So Id say were better in terms of our talent, our engineering, the products were bringing out but its going to still take us a while to move the performance up.
Jim Suva  Citigroup : Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And next well go to the line of William Stein with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
William Stein  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Great, thank you for taking my question. Im wondering if you can talk about in the Automotive segment any effect from the EURO 6 implementation regarding particulate emissions that comes into force later this year? Is that having any effect on the business today?
Tom Lynch: We see it for sure and especially in the truck market, so in a couple areas. Its more content. We said earlier in the year we saw some pull forward as is typically what happens when theres a change in standard if a customer has the ability to pull some spending forward that costs them less theyll do that. So we saw a benefit from that.  What weve been pleasantly surprised by is that its still, the demand is still strong  stronger than what we would have expected at this time of year six months ago, which reflects I think more economics underlying that meaning things are picking up and people are investing. And the fundamental benefit of the emissions standard is its more electronics and its more content for us, so yes, were starting to see the benefit of that.
William Stein  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Great. And then the follow-up is again on the subsea business, not wanting to beat a dead horse but this business has surprised you to the downside this year. You obviously have a better view into your business than we do so you have ways to look at it and forecast it that should be superior to ours, but what can we look at when we understand that your position is very strong in this market, youre doing very well in terms of winning mandates but the projects arent coming into force. Is that an interest rate related thing, a credit related thing, a network bandwidth related issue? How can we think about the likelihood of more of these projects coming into force?
Tom Lynch: Well, theres multiple factors. The interesting thing, on one hand its a finite number of projects but on the other hand each project could be affected by different things. So pre financial crisis till now, one of the things in a project that has to happen for a project to get funded, if its a consortium or a group of entrepreneurs as we would call it, the bandwidth has to be presold. It used to be you could presell 60%, 70% and get the project funded. Now you have to sell 100% to 120%. Its taking longer for that. I think in general what you see, the carriers who were really drivers four or five years ago are less so today. Its a function of where theyre putting their investment so thats the [landscape]. So its been a variety of things. Where some of these big jobs are coming from  this last one, its two destination points are Hong Kong I think and France, and 30 branches in between, which the good news is its a big job. The challenging news is thats an awful lot of approvals and permitting, so even if you have your money together youve got to make sure you have all that. So that takes a while. So Id say theres a lot of things. When we kick the tires on modeling the bandwidth and making sure something hasnt happened I think we conclude that youve got to build, the next build cycle is coming. Just to put it in perspective, the last cycle from trough to trough was twelve years. If you look at the trough of the last cycle to where we are right now, 2014, it was actually a twelve-year cycle; and trough to peak can typically be seven to eight years.  And in that twelve years you typically have three or four what Id call tough years and three or four good years and three or four great years, and over the cycle its a good business that really is a nice contributor to the company, well above cost of capital. We believe that this 2014 is that next real trough, and its higher than the last trough because theres just more building and we have this oil & gas adjacency that we didnt have early in the last cycle. So its been a little tough to forecast for us for sure. I think the last point Id make about putting it in perspective, if you look at last year the business contributed $0.06 to $0.07 a share, roughly 2% of our total earnings per share. This year its going to be a negative 1% earnings per share because of F3Q. So I think its down. The volatility is still high but the impact is low, and if things start to ramp up again we should see steady contributions.  If the AAE1 deal had not signed Id be a lot more nervous. Thats a big deal. Thatll get us going and then what weve also seen in the up-cycles, its not a perfect predictor but when a big job like this goes it tends to mobilize the other ones because there is a limited amount of [shipped] capacity. So this was, getting this job Weve got to go through the valley in F3Q in this business but getting this job is a big, big step up; and then weve got to get a couple other, two of these to come into force and we work hard to help our customers do that.
William Stein  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Thats helpful, thanks Tom.
Tom Lynch: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next well go to the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox  Cross Research: Thanks, good morning. Just a couple quick questions, first on the Auto side: Tom, you mentioned some market share gains. I was wondering if you could elaborate on that as well as some more aggressive investments in China for Auto and whether thats also driving market share gains? And then secondly with regard to the acquisition, I was just curious if you could just discuss a little bit how well positioned or not well positioned they are from a distribution standpoint and whether there could be some sales synergies there like youve seen with Deutsche. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: On the Auto side as you know we are strong in every region. If you go back in time four or five years really our weakest region was the US, and the downturn was extremely painful but it gave us the opportunity because in this part of the value chain were the leader. We invested in the US when it was down. We did things like adjust our cost of sales cost structure, but we invested in engineering and we went after programs. And our estimation is weve moved our US share up about four points over that time, so that was positive. In China we provide a very broad range of services and products to our customers. Weve been expanding our engineering there. Our entire China Automotive team is local. Its a very seasoned, experienced team. We are expanding our capacity there not only because the market is expanding but because were doing more and more there for that market. If you go back in time it was a lot of things imported into the market and were reducing that quickly, and thats part of the footprint adjustment we were doing in Western Europe during the downturn.  So those two things plus we continue to add engineers across the world in Automotive. Its a business thats very You know, its a lot of projects that you have to work on with the customer and when were so strong in all these customers and we keep pouring engineers in, thats how were able to build the 200 million sensor business from nothing when we werent in the sensor business. So it is our sweet spot and we keep investing in it aggressively. Terrence, do you want to comment on SEACON again?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, sure. When you look at SEACON, and to your question, Steve, in relationship to channel and distribution  when you look at this market it is a much more direct market. So where were going to sell into and where we sell into today with our current portfolio as well as where SEACON sells into, youre selling into the manufacturers of the drilling systems, certainly the ROV systems, all the instruments and lights as well as the equipment that goes on the ocean floor. So when you look at it, its a much more direct relationship than channel serve. I think whats very nice about both our go-to-market position as well as SEACONs, they have bases in Norway, UK, US, Mexico as well as they also have a nice field service support around the world that supports their product too with people working in the oil & gas industry. So it is a much more direct model than what we saw in Deutsche where we were able to leverage our channel scale. So its much more direct than a channel play.
Steven Fox  Cross Research: Great, thanks very much. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question goes to the line of Sherri Scribner from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sheri Scribner  Deutsche Bank: Hi, this is (Inaudible) here calling on behalf of Sherri Scribner. Tom, I just had a question for you, actually. In your opening comments you mentioned a majority of the markets are exhibiting solid growth trends. I just wanted to understand what demand trends youre seeing or do you still see customers as being cautious? Are you seeing any reductions in customer forecasts? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Thank you. Yeah, let me go through that. So clearly Auto and Industrial Transportation continue to grow, theres robust growth there. We really havent seen that change much. As I mentioned well see that the second half growth year-over-year in those markets will be less than the first half growth  some of thats seasonal, some of that is its just been hotter than normal in the first half. Industrial equipment is growing with 8% quarter growth, thats another third or fourth.  So thats a sign and you see it in a lot of the industrials reporting that capital spending is starting to break loose. We see that, that seems to be a pretty steady sign right now. Im not seeing any warning signs that that would change. Commercial aerospace, a lot of new planes being built, the whole fleet being rebuilt and thats another area where we gain share and our content is up significantly, so we see that. And then the appliance business. So new home sales in the US and appliance picking up in Asia, particularly China which is a good sign because thats consumer spending in China. And by the way, I talked about our China business being up 34% in Automotive. It was up 20% plus overall with four of five of our markets up double digits. So its fairly broad based. Whats not growing? Id say the Data Comm market is not really growing right now and you can see that in other folks who provide that equipment  its certainly not growing for us. Consumer is growing but I talked about the trends, that were not fully participating in the trends. And of course the one thats challenging right now is Sub Comm but thats just timing in our view and we have a good position there. So if I compare it to last quarter, if I compare it to this time last year it definitely feels more robust, broader based. If you look at the number of countries that we ship to around the world theres more where we have higher sales growth this quarter than we did last quarter and last year  all good signs. Id say nobodys celebrating. Were still very mindful that the last five years have been unpredictable if anything so we keep running the business accordingly.
Sheri Scribner  Deutsche Bank: Okay great, thanks, that was helpful. I just also wanted to just follow up on that, just to get an idea on the long-term growth target if you maintain what you have previously provided  for example, 6% to 8% in Transportation and 4% to 7% in Network, 4% to 6% in Industrial and 3% to 5% in Consumer. Do you still maintain that or do you see a change in that long-term target?
Tom Lynch: Thats still how we see the long term. 
Sheri Scribner  Deutsche Bank: Okay great, thank you.
Tom Lynch: Youre welcome. Okay, well thank you everybody. I appreciate you listening. Again, I think this was a real good quarter for us with progress on a number of fronts. I look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-01-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Kolstrom - Vice President, Investor Relations Thomas Lynch - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Robert Hau - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mike Wood - Macquarie Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matt Sheerin - Stifel Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Jim Suva - Citi Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Steven Fox - Cross Research Amitabh Passi - UBS
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the TE Connectivity First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Keith Kolstrom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Keith Kolstrom: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's first quarter fiscal 2014 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, I would ask for -- participants on the Q&A portion of todays call that everyone try to limit themselves to one follow-up question to allow enough time for everyone to get their questions in during the allotted time. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Thomas Lynch: Thanks Keith and good morning everyone. If you turn to Slide, I think its Slide 3 that's the summary of our results. The company is off to a very good start in Q1. The majority of the markets we serve continue to improve and we are executing well. Following are some of the key highlights of the quarter. Orders increased 8% in the quarter and our book-to-bill is 1.03 excluding our SubCom business. This is the third consecutive quarter of organic orders growth. And the strength was broad based across all regions and in the majority of our businesses. Organically sales were up 7% overall and up 8% excluding SubCom. The transportation market continues to be very strong and we are the clear leader in this market and capitalizing on the strength. Our industrial markets and our telecom markets continue to improve in the quarter. This more than offset continued weakness in SubCom and DataCom. Adjusted operating margins were 14.6% up 220 basis points over the prior year, stronger revenue, productivity gains driven by our TEOA program, increased savings from restructuring and metal tailwinds drove this improvement. We are on track to exceed 15% adjusted operating margins for the full year at $14 billion sales level. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.82 was up 26% versus last year and $0.06 better than the mid-point of our guidance. Free cash flow is $266 million and put us on track for another year of 10% plus cash flow as a percent of revenue. As a result of the strong Q1 and strong orders performance, we are raising the mid-point of our full year adjusted EPS guidance by $0.10 to $3.75. This is an increase of 16% versus our prior year performance. And additionally, our Board has recommended that at our annual meeting in March, our shareholders approve a 16% increase in the dividend. Please turn to Slide 4. This Slide summarizes revenue by segment. I will now go into each segment in more detail unless I indicate otherwise all changes are on an organic basis which reflects the effect of currencies, acquisitions and divestitures. Please turn to Slide 5. We had another strong quarter in transportation sales of $1.44 billion were up 14% over the prior year and orders were up 13% with the book-to-bill of 1.02. Global auto demand continues to be strong running a little head of historical long-term vehicle growth levels. Vehicle production in the quarter was about 20.8 million units up 4% from last year. Revenue from the heavy truck market was also very strong in the quarter due to the improving economy and the acceleration of purchases and advance of new emission standard in Europe and China. And as I said last quarter, the Deutsch acquisition is really helping in this market. Revenue grew in all regions this quarter. Europe was up about 11% due to strong exports and slight improvements in local demand. We are encouraged by increased new car registrations across most of Europe in December, the first time it's been this broad based in a while. We do believe pent-up demand and gradual improvement in the economy are driving this and expect to have another solid revenue year with our European customers. In the Americas, revenues were up 15% due to continued strong demand and share gains from our investments made during the downturn. We expect solid production growth to continue through FY 2014. Asia revenues were up 17% with 30% growth in China and 27% in Japan. We expect to continue our momentum across Asia through the year. Our margin improvement was due to a combination of favorable mix with more heavy trucks than the industrial transportation market. Stronger overall volume, productivity improvements driven by our TEOA program and favorable metal cost. We expect another quarter of double-digit growth in Q2 and mid to high-single digit sales growth in the second half. Please turn to Page 6, market demand in the industrial solutions segment continue to strengthen through the quarter and our revenues were up 6% and orders were up 9%. This performance was inline with our expectations. Similar to last quarter, the industrial equipment, commercial aerospace and oil and gas market continued to have strong demand and we expect this to continue for the balance of the year. Our energy business grew 4% in the quarter, but we do see signs of softening in the next couple of quarters especially in Europe. We also believe the defense portion of our business should pick-up a bit based on the resolution of the U.S. government budget. Looking forward, we expect another good quarter in Q2, the sales up about 6% due to the trend we discussed. Please turn to Page 7, performance in our network solution segment was mixed in the quarter and overall in line with expectations. Sales of $713 million were flat versus the prior year. On the positive side, the telecom networks business grew 11% in the quarter driven by increased investments in fiber optics networks. The enterprise business was up 6% with growth in all regions, offsetting that our DataCom business was down 8%. We are making progress in high-speed system wins, but we do continue to lag the market in mid and lower speed, which is where most of the volume is today. The SubCom market continues to be slow in projects going into force but our backlog of awards continues to be strong. We still expect the business to pick up in the second half due to two new projects which we expect to come into force this quarter. Margin in this segment were adversely impacted by two assets write-offs, excluding these write-offs adjusted operating margins were about last year. We expect Q2 results to be up slightly versus Q1 and I would expect our normal seasonal second half pick up in the segment in addition to an increase in SubCom revenues as these new contracts come into force. Adjusted operating margins in the second half are expected to be back to double-digit based on  low double digits based on the expected volume increase. Please turn to Slide 8, revenue in our consumer solutions business was up slightly in the quarter, the overall trends in this quarter was similar to Q4 of last year, improving demand in the appliance market, declining PC demand and strength in tablets and smartphones. We are capitalizing on the stronger appliance market where we have the leading market share. We have adjusted into the PC decline in our consumer devices business and are making gradual progress in smartphones and tablets. Adjusted operating margin in this segment was similar to the prior year. In Q2, we expect revenue to be down 3% to 4% versus the prior year. However, adjusted margins are expected to be similar to the prior year levels. Now, let me turn it over to Bob Hau to cover the financials in more detail.
Robert Hau: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. A quick footnote of Tom's market comments, effective for the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we realigned certain businesses principally the relay products business within our segment reporting structure to better align our product portfolio. Approximately $100 million of annual revenue, which was previously reported as part of the appliance business inside the consumer segment has been moved to the industrial equipment business in the industrial segment. We have included a Slide in the appendix of today's presentation, which provides the impact of each of the quarters of fiscal 2013 and 2012 for reference. Now, let me discuss earnings which start on Slide 9. Adjusted operating income was $486 million up 25% from the prior year. GAAP operating income was $479 million and includes $7 million of restructuring charges in the quarter. As I mentioned on the earnings call in October, we anticipate a substantial reduction in the level of restructuring activities in fiscal 2014, which charges for the full year of approximately $50 million versus $311 million of charges in fiscal 2013. Adjusted operating margin was 14.6% up 220 basis points from Q1 last year. The improvement is a continuation of a strong momentum that was achieved through the course of fiscal 2013 and a change versus the prior year is driven by 7% organic sales growth, productivity from TEOA, cost savings from restructuring actions taken in the last couple of years and favorable metal costs. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.82 and GAAP earnings per share were $0.85 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.01 of restructuring and other charges and $0.04 of income related to legacy shared tax liabilities. Turning to Slide 10, our gross margin in the quarter was 33.6%. This is a 200 basis point increase versus the prior year due to volume increases  increased productivity from TEOA or lien programs and cost savings from restructuring. Total OpEx spending was $631 million in the quarter, which is up 5% versus the prior year. The increase resulted primarily from increased selling expenses to support higher sales levels and increased variable compensation cost partially offset by cost savings attributable through restructuring actions. On the right-side of the Slide, net interest expense was $29 million in the first quarter and I expect approximately $27 million of expense in the second quarter and similar levels through the remainder of the year. Adjusted other income which primarily relates to our tax sharing agreement was $7 million and in line with guidance. In the second quarter, I expect other income of about $6 million. The adjusted effective tax rate was 26.1%, which was higher than our guidance of 24% to 25% due primarily to a one-time expense of approximately $10 million related to a change in tax laws in Europe. I expect the tax rate to return to the 24% to 25% range through the remainder of the fiscal year. Turning to Slide 11, I will discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash from continuing operations was $387 million and our free cash flow in Q1 was $266 million. Net capital spending during the quarter was $121 million, or about 4% of sales. I continue to expect capital spending rate to be approximately 4% to 5% of sales for the full year. Receivable days outstanding were 62 days, which is down slightly versus the prior year. And inventory days on hand were 74 days consistent with prior year levels. Both metrics remain in line with our expectations. Let me discuss sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow shown on the right side of the slide. We began and ended the quarter with $1.4 billion of cash. During the quarter, we returned a total of $315 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $103 million, repurchased about 4 million shares for $212 million. We expect additional share repurchases of $150 million to $250 million per quarter during fiscal 2014. Our outstanding debt was $3 billion at the end of the quarter. Now, I will turn it back over to Tom.
Thomas Lynch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to Slide 12, and I will cover our outlook. As I said earlier, this was a very good start to the year for TE driven by a strong transportation market, continued improvement in most industrial markets and strong execution across the company. And order trends were strong in most of our businesses. Based on these trends, we expect Q2 revenue of $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion, which is an organic growth rate of 5% to 8%. We expect adjusted earnings per share of $0.88 to $0.92, an increase of 16% to 21%. In Q2, we expect another strong quarter in transportation and a good quarter in the industrial segment, network and consumer results will be largely similar to Q1. For the full year, we expect revenue of $13.8 billion to $14.2 billion, which is organic growth of 4% to 7%. We expected adjusted earnings per share of $3.55 to $3.85 and this is an increase of 13% to 19% and as Bob mentioned a $0.19 in our guidance from last quarter for the year. Just to close, the momentum we saw in most of our markets in the second half of our last year has continued through the first four months of this year, these improving market conditions coupled with our operating leverage improvements driven by TEOA and the accelerated restructuring last year should enable us to deliver strong performance in fiscal 2014. Now, let's open it up for questions, operator please.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mike Wood, Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood - Macquarie: Hi. Thank you. Congratulations on the quarter.
Thomas Lynch: Thank you.
Mike Wood - Macquarie: In terms of just some more color on the European growth on the transportation side, it looks like you are forecasting 3% vehicle production growth for the full year next quarter. Recently you have been exceeding that by a substantial margin in terms of your sales. You have mentioned exports, how much of that is actually related to any kind of a pre-buy in the C&I side of the business in Deutsch related to the emission standards changing?
Thomas Lynch: There is clearly some of that, just to keep in mind of our total transportation, industrial transportation is in the neighborhood of 15%. So while it's definitely a good thing, it's not that much overall leverage on the segment. The European light vehicle market has especially with the German OEMs significant amount of exports and a lot of that is premium cars to the U.S. and China where we have very nice content. So that help to offset what has been for several years now weak global demand in Europe that is, as I mentioned, we are encouraged to see over the last couple of months and especially in December, our pick-up in year-over-year new car registration. It's not a long trend yet, but it feels like in talking to our customers its moving in the right direction. So we expect another solid year with our European customers.
Mike Wood  Macquarie: Okay. And in DataCom, you'd spoken previously about skipping a product generation there moving too quickly to more advanced speed connector. But you are redesigning that 10 gigabyte speed connector. How is that acceptance going, are you just too late to kind of make traction in that particular product?
Thomas Lynch: I'd say we're doing well in high speed in terms of customer selecting us for next generation. It is going slower than we would have thought a year ago and that whole market if you watch the big equipment OEMs, there is a lot of dynamics in that market right now and the net effect for us is the switch to new higher speed solution it's taking longer. So, it's going to be, I think a couple of years before we meaningfully move the  a meter in our DataCom business. Given that I mean its good product line, important product line to us and it's also their products that ultimately move into other parts of our business down the road, but it's been slower than we would have thought for the reasons I said.
Mike Wood  Macquarie:  Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Lynch: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Which geographic regions did you see the strength in industrial transport. And Tom even for that 15% of revs you're talking about, what sort of growth did you actually see in that part of industrial transportation? And have a quick follow up on margins.
Thomas Lynch:  The overall growth was well north  was north of 10%, very, very robust double-digit. Again, some of that is go forward, we did see very nice growth in China and Europe, solid growth in the U.S. What I would expect will happen is that will moderate especially in China and Europe where the new standards are being implemented, that will moderate in the second half, but I would expect the U.S. will continue to improve as the economy improves.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thanks Tom. On margins then should we expect the margins to sort of play out at this level, so maybe the mix becomes less of a benefit, but you continue to see volume growth as Europe improves through the course of year?
Thomas Lynch: Yes, Wamsi. That's a good way to think about it. We won't have as much favorable mix from the industrial transportation group. We will continue to see nice volumes and get the benefits of that. And the metal levels made them pretty steady now for couple of quarters. So, while there is year-over-year tailwinds on a sequentially through the year, I wouldn't expect that. So I would think of the transportation business continued nice sales growth really solid sales growth in this margin neighborhood.
Robert Hau: Wamsi, I would expect that mix to moderate which means the year-over-year margin expansion will slow. In this quarter we're looking at 440 basis points, we will continue to see that but I would continue to see very good margins across the segment going forward.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks a lot.
Thomas Lynch: Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Next, we'll go to line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel:  Yes. Thank you. Obviously you have had nice margin expansion in transportation; industrial as well. But looking at the other businesses, particularly the computing, the consumer business, what drives those margins? Is it volumes at this point? And looking within that business, I know you have some PC exposure. You talked about weakness there; it looks like demand is beginning to stabilize. And then also in terms of your position on the mobility side, what is your outlook in terms of market share opportunities there?
Thomas Lynch: So Matt regarding the margin question, I think your characterization is accurate that we are -- in the transportation and industrial business we're getting less due to volume and productivity. In the networks and consumer business I feel good what the team is doing productivity-wise, but we're not getting the volume yet, different reasons overall in networks we got a very slow SubCom business and the DataCom that I already talked to. In consumer, while PC is hopefully the rate of decline will start to level off which will help us. But we're making that's a slow steady progress in the tablets and smartphone, it doesn't really have  even though the product cycles are shorter than in the industrial business for sure, it's still you got to win one designing at a time. So until we begin to see our overall volume in consumer devices get consistently over 5% or 6%, that's what it's going to take to begin to move the margin up. In the consumer Solutions segment the appliances business is a very nice margin business at about company average and starting to grow again with the improving economy.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel: Okay great. And then a question for Bob on the margins. In some of the commentary you talked about some materials benefits particularly metals. But could you talk about other things like copper and gold for instance and any tailwinds there in terms of margins and benefits on costs?
Robert Hau: Yes. So overall in the first quarter, we did definitely see a tailwind of metals which for us is really copper, silver and gold. And those probably about $15 million, $16 million benefit in the quarter. For the full year, we're actually expecting about $50 million or $60 million so that quarterly $15 million, $16 million or so will remain in effects for the balance of the year.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot, good morning guys. I've two questions as well. Maybe just start off on the transportation side. For the last couple of quarters, and especially the December quarter, your business was up 14%, production was up 4%. If I look at that 10% of out performance, if you may, it seems to be a lot more than just content growth of the Euro -- E6 mandate helping you out. I'm curious; maybe you could talk about that 10%. How much do you think is content versus potential share gains versus new platform wins? I'm trying to get a sense of can you sustain this kind of out performance going forward?
Thomas Lynch: Well, I think very strong performance for a couple of reasons, some of it is mix again with the industrial transportation business where we have a very strong position as a result of combining Deutsch with our legacy TE industrial transportation business. And that business is growing much faster right now than the auto business which is still growing light vehicle is still up plus 10% for us. In certain markets in China, in the U.S. we think we continue to gain share, we really invested -- have invested in those markets particularly during the downturn and now that's starting to show up in our revenue. So but and I do think you'd expect to see us drop down to high single digit growth in the second half of the year in the overall transportation segment. It feels like we gained a little bit of share year-over-year.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: That is all. Then just on the network solutions side, demand has been challenging for you guys for several quarters now. And if you think of the headwinds in DataCom and Subsea really, do you think you have to look at options to potentially further right-size this business, or do you feel comfortable looking at the book-to-bill that demand will come back in the back half and you just got to wait for that revenues to flow in? I'm just curious how you think about rightsizing the business versus waiting for demand in the back half right now.
Thomas Lynch: Well, I think there are two different answers to that. SubCom, I think we're positioned, it's been slower than we thought. I'd be more worried if there wasn't as much project activity as there is, that those projects have to turn into come into force. So we feel reasonably confident although this market has slid on us for the last two or three quarters but we're very strong in the market. I don't think we've ever been stronger in terms of our product offering. So that market comes back with our strength in it we're confident we'll do very well and we think we'll start to see that in the second half. DataCom is a little bit different. We're not strong in that market. We have done a lot to adjust our cost structure to reflect that without -- we haven't reduced our engineering investment. And so that we do have a significant engineering investment for IT type solutions there both in fiber and copper. As I mentioned, they are going slower, I don't, we have no intention to take more cost out of the business. It's an important business for us. We believe it's really upside for us, but I think if you go back to where I thought would be a year from now, I thought that would be more deployment of high speed than there is, so it is definitely pushing out of the improvement in the business for us. But tweaking the strategy, yes, but no fundamental change to it.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks a lot and congratulation on a good quarter.
Thomas Lynch: Thank you, Amit.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to the line of Shawn Harrison Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi, I'm going to beat networks maybe dead in a bit. But even margins flat year-over-year I would have thought with the metals tailwind with a little bit of restructuring you would have been able to do better. Is the margin at DataCom that much richer compared to everything else in the business and so that with DataCom being down so substantially year-over-year explains why margins would have been a little bit better?
Robert Hau: There is a number of points in I think Shawn around all that. The telecom business is growing and improving. The SubCom business is one of the lowest points in the last six or seven years. So we're getting really zero leverage out of that business right now. And we think we're at the bottom as I said earlier. The DataCom business is, it's in a turnaround really for us, there is no question about that. So it has the potential for high margins. We did write a few assets off in networks, which further took a low margin lower but we think there is opportunity improvement, but it's not going to be sudden, we're going to need more volume. I feel good about the cost structure because as you pointed out, we did take costs out we're just not getting the volume to take advantage of that right now. But in telecom, we have a leading product line in fiber optic, in SubCom we have a leading product line. In DataCom we trail although for the future, we have a good product line but that's got to turn into reality. And in enterprise we have a solid product line in that business is historically a low growth business and we're right in there with that.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: But let's say I take an optimistic, glass half-full view and two years out DataCom recovers, is the margin profile in that business better than kind of the networking average which should be mid teens and so you would get a I guess a greater lift as that business accelerates, is that what really needs to happen?
Thomas Lynch: Yes, we need more revenue and we need particularly the industry to start moving to high speed. When you dissect that business without getting into too much detail, the high-speed stuff is a lost leader and our core business while we're not a leader in mid to low speed solutions, it's a solid business. We're just, we've been investing a fair amount in high-speed fiber and copper and so with very little revenue in there, it has the effect of exacerbating the margin on a downward -- in a downward way in that business.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And then just as a brief follow up. Bob, I think last quarter was $60 million to $70 million in restructuring savings that were supposed to benefit the model this year, did that change?
Robert Hau: We're actually seeing slightly better than that. Right now restructuring is a little bit close to $70 million to $80 million.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Then the aggregate number of $100 million, did that change at all?
Robert Hau: No, a little north of that which is what we have been saying previously.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks so much and congrats on the quarter and guidance.
Thomas Lynch: Thank you.
Robert Hau: Thanks Shawn.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citi: Thank you and congratulations to you and your team there on good results. A quick financial question for Bob and that's on restructuring followed by a more fundamental question probably for your team. But I think you'd mentioned that restructuring looks like its going to be coming down lower this year. Can you help us quantify that a bit more, I think you gave a little bit of numbers there. And is that then a recurring rate sustainable at that or were you looking at lower rate one-time this year, and if so it appears like this rate could be so low. Are we looking at folding it into your normal operations? Then for the more operational question, when we look at content growth for vehicles, I think in the past you gave some commentary in kind of long-term 6% to 8%. With cars going more and more to hybrid and safety and emissions always continuing to improve. Is there a chance of that 6% to 8% actually starts to increase or goes to the higher end or even above the higher end of that? Thank you.
Robert Hau: Yes, Jim. It's Bob. On the restructuring, we spend about $7 million this quarter roughly inline with what we anticipated previous guidance and still guidance today is about $50 million on a full year basis that's down dramatically from prior years. Last year we spent just north of $300 million. And we think ongoing natural restructuring charges of -- business of our size given the nature of our markets and then customers, it's probably $50 million to $75 million. So we're a bit below normal right now that's largely given the amount we spent last year. And as we've said before, we talked a little bit about in our Investor Day, we are looking at ways to fold it in. I think it's important to describe it and disclose it externally whether investors dial it out or roll it back in, it's up to them, we'll give them the information. One of the big reasons that we still have today adjusted earnings versus GAAP earnings and we're still dealing with the tax sharing agreement pre-split and some of those numbers can move significantly, would be very disingenuous to only talk about GAAP earnings. But we certainly look to a) settling the tax sharing agreement over the next couple of years and b) much lower restructuring charges.
Thomas Lynch: Hey, Jim. On your other question, we've typically talked about content of 4% to 6% and I do think that there is more likely for that to go higher than lower that's the way I would say. And I walked around in Detroit last week and walked through the auto show and you can feel it you really, I mean we obviously see it in our business and its our biggest business, when you see 100 cars on the floor and you can track them with the features they have versus the prior iteration of a particular model you can feel it. So I do think, it's more likely to go up slightly than down, those at a metered pace just because of the product cycles and it doesn't happen over night, designing new features but it's a really good trend and its why we're excited about the business so much. We -- also historical production rates that tended to be 2% to 3%, we think for the next few years or the industry I should say think that could be up a point, a point and a half and that was a very, very low growth in demand for local demand in Europe. I think that most of the trends are positive. In China, you have dealers starting to finally expand in the tier three to six cities, so youre going to  we expect to continue to have a robust automotive market there. So the combination of more likely upside in production than downside versus the historical rate and more likely upside in content than outside, I think makes it a very attractive market for many, many years.
Jim Suva  Citi: Great. I think I got my numbers. Of the 4% to 6% that is content growth and 6% to 8% is then when you add on the global SAR or the global units of auto production and so 6% to 8% is what the sales rate is and content of 4% to 6% is that kind of what you're seeing?
Thomas Lynch: Yes. That's what we're seeing. And that's and of course netted into that is price, which is moving up a little but where as you can see in our margins we're able to give the customer the price that they need and keep the margins moving in the right direction.
Jim Suva  Citi: Great. Thank you and congratulations again to you and your team.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Mark Delaney, Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question and congratulations on a strong quarter. I don't understand on the margins there has been a tremendous amount of year-over-year improvement in the adjusted operating margin, 14.6% this December quarter versus about 12.5% a year prior. I am hoping you can help me understand within the March quarter guidance maybe the bridge from last year. So specifically, by my math, the March quarter implied operating margin guidance is right around 15%? And then the revenue level at the midpoint is pretty similar to the revenue that you guys did for the September 2013 quarter. I would think that there is maybe some metal pricing benefits versus the September 2013 quarter and then some restructuring benefits that are coming through. Given that you did the 15.7% in the September quarter, I'm just trying to hope you can walk me through how you are thinking about getting to the 15% or so in the March quarter of fiscal 2014?
Thomas Lynch: I'd describe it, Mark, is steady -- continued steady volume growth where we'll get the lift there. The metal difference isn't that much from two quarters ago. It's been a nice tailwind but it's not that much incremental. We are investing more there is no question so we are -- we believe continuing the strength in the product line and just continuing to invest in the emerging markets and engineering and selling. So we are continuing to invest. But over all would expect to continue to drive the margin up and we were pleased with the productivity. Our price erosion is up a little bit not dramatically but there is no question that has typically happened with particularly copper hanging around at this rate for a while relative to where it was 18 months ago that customers are expecting appropriately some of that back. So we have pluses and minuses but net-net very good momentum in the margin.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Understood. Thank you for that. For my follow-up question at the Analyst Day Tom and Bob, you guys talked about looking at doing a more acquisitions, I think may be on the tuck-in type of size. Can you give us an update on how that's progressing?
Thomas Lynch: Well, it's -- we did the two big once and we've been continuing to build our pipeline especially focused in anything related to transportation and the broader industrial markets. So we keep plugging a way there, it's an active pipeline. We're always talking to people but we're thoughtful about it. Number one, really fit strategically and obviously we would be -- got to be able to create value with it. But we expect it to be a  an important part of how we grow the company on an ongoing basis. But we feel good about the organic momentum particularly obviously in transportation and industrial and we have to continue to  we have to get it going in the other two.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs:  I understood. Thanks and congratulations again on a good quarter.
Thomas Lynch:  Thank you, Mark.
Operator:  Thank you. Next, we'll go to line of William Stein with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I'm hoping you can clarify the comments about the changes in demand in the automotive end market related to the new emission standard. I assume you are talking about Euro 6. Can you clarify whether that relates to light cars or a heavy trucks and to verify your comments about pull-in in light cars to get ahead of this rollout?
Thomas Lynch: Yes, well, let me  I'm glad you asked. So I can clarify it. It's really in the truck market for instance. So that's where we see what looks like accelerated demand we've had, the older version trucks because the new ones are more expensive, not an unusual thing in this market it's not the major thing driving us. We believe improving economic environment plus the age of the trucks on the road are an even bigger part of that. But clearly for the first half of this year the very high growth rates of course in the industrial transportation which is only 15% of transportation are being driven by the  our customers ordering are really good.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Great. That's helpful. And if I can ask one follow-up. I'm hoping to hear a bit about demand in inventories in the channel relative to your direct business.
Thomas Lynch: The channel was a little bit slower in December than we expected, it's still a solid business. So we did see the kind of  it's really not unusual calendar year end inventory tightening. I think not a big number and not different from our expectation kind of in line with our expectation. So when you look at it more sequentially from our fourth quarter into the first quarter definitely a little bit softer because of adjustment. But, I don't see any overhang or anything like that out there and talking to our distributor partners.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Thank you.
Thomas Lynch: Thanks Will.
Operator:  We have a question from Sherri Scribner, Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank:  Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to dig a little bit into the improvement you're expecting in the second half of the year in networking and consumer business. I know you talked about some orders that you're anticipating. And it sounded like you're expecting some additional strength in the SubCom market. So I was just hoping for a little more detail on the strength in the networking piece in the second half of the year.
Thomas Lynch: Networks, we'll typically have a seasonal peak. So in telecom especially primarily in telecom weather get better, we see the business pick up. So we're really in that business pretty much looking for a similar pick up first half, second half that we saw last year. SubCom is much more related to contracts coming into force and the big thing is we're counting on two contracts to drive that. We got the contract, find the contracts all that. So we would expect that they'll go into force but until they do anything can happen. So that's a big thing driving network. In consumer, it is a little more of continuing to getting traction. In appliance, I would say if the economy continues to improve, that business naturally follows the economy. So that's less seasonal and more economic related. Consumer of course has its peak in the quarter, the quarter and a half before the Christmas season. But we're not looking for anything dramatic in the second half in the consumer business and even relatively and that's a small business for us. So relatively it's nice but absolutely in terms of it, affect on the overall company is kind of a penny a quarter, I think Bob in that range. So it's not a big lever. We're trying to make it a bigger lever.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And then based on the guidance if I do the math, it looks like it's a midpoint for your fiscal 2014 guidance at $14 billion in revenue. Your operating margins are somewhere around 15.5%, I know you've said that you could do plus 15% but are you comfortable with sort of a 15.5% operating margin for the year and that would suggest some decent operating margin leverage in the second half?
Robert Hau:  Yes, sure. At midpoint to that $14 billion the operating margin is above 15.3%. And yes, export we are comfortable with that given the progress we saw going through much of last year and in the first quarter around overall benefits of our lien initiatives what we thought TEOA as well as the improved benefits from restructurings and metals tailwind gives us confident so that, that 15.3% and that generates the $3.75 earnings at mid-point.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Is that assuming that SG&A is relatively flat from first quarter levels or do you see some declines in that based on the productivity improvements? Thanks.
Robert Hau: Overall for the year, SG&A is about 13.5% of sales.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Hau: Thanks.
Thomas Lynch: Thanks Sherri.
Operator:  Thank you. We have a question from Steven Fox, Cross Research.
Steven Fox - Cross Research:  Thanks. Good morning. Just going back to the operating margins for a second, if I look at the transportation and industrial margins, it seems like there was a greater drop through effect on both sides of the business on a quarter-over-quarter basis. So on the positive sales from transportation you pull down greater than average drop through and the reverse was happening on industrial. Can you just sort of breakdown how much more was related to metals in those segments versus  I don't believe there was a lot of restructuring but what else was driving that because I'm just (inaudible) those numbers? Thanks.
Robert Hau: Hi, Steve. I think I'd point to the two things. Number one, better volume better revenue left in those two segments so you'd get the benefit of the buying leverage into our factories. And then from a metal standpoint in particular relative to networks, the other three segment that's much more metal content. So you see that $15 million or $16 million of year-over-year benefit really layered into the other three segments where networks doesn't participate. All of our businesses clearly involved in TEOA and lead, but there is a significant extra lever when you get volume leverage.
Thomas Lynch: But when you compare auto or transportation or industrial as well is -- there is sales per part in transportation higher so that's a higher volume business than industrial sales. You're not going to typically have the same fall through but we feel in the industrial business overall there is nice opportunity to fund the metal margin improvement through TEOA, we'll further along with that in transportation than we are in industrial, so we expect to see the same kind of improvements.
Steven Fox - Cross Research:  Great. That's helpful. And then just quick follow up on China, Tom. Given how fast it is growing, could you just talk a little bit about within the China market especially on the auto side where you think you're picking up share from a content standpoint, is it helping or hurting the overall content growth for the company within auto given the mix differences and why you think you're picking up that share little bit more color would be helpful. Thanks.
Thomas Lynch: Sure, thanks. Well, I think the momentum piece is, I mean we've been in China a long time and we are  I mean our whole team is local. So, we have a very, very strong seasoned team that is a local team that's been in the business a long time that's been developed by our other teams around the world. So we have a lot of know-how there and we work with every customer. And we bring the bear the technologies from the other parts of the world. We're strong. We're as strong with the local customers as we are with the multinationals. While the content per vehicle in the locally produced cars is less, it's rapidly rising at a greater rate because in order to compete in that market you have to have the features that the multinationals have. So, I think that while the overall contents for vehicle in China is less than it is. And Germany for sure it's raising at a faster rate. And in China for the local customers, we provide a much -- in some cases a much broader product range than we do other places because the customers need the expertise. So that has helped us, that four, five years ago we decided to kind of get  I don't want to take services in the sense that we charge for services because we don't really do that, but we help a lot in the design of the electrical system for the local customers because they wanted to help. So that's helped us. That helped us a lot. And you just see the continued expansion and especially demand for high-end cars. So while the low end car, overall there is lower content, you are selling a lot of premium cars particularly from Germany into that market where we have a significant content.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: That's very helpful. Yes. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Thomas Lynch: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi from UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Hi. Thank you, Tom. I had a question and then a follow-up. I guess the first one was just a big picture question. It seems to me when you embarked on the ADC acquisition and Deutsch part of the motivation was to sort of diversify your growth drivers and your portfolio. Yet if I look at the numbers today about almost 45% of your sales are coming from transportation and about 60% of your EBIT dollars. So just curious as you look at your portfolio, and I know you touched on this but would like to get more details, is there an appetite maybe to accelerate the inorganic element to continue to sort of balance out the portfolio, both from a growth and profitability perspective?
Thomas Lynch: Amitabh, I would say the way the underlying strategy of Deutsch was harsh environment. So with our sweet spot, what we are best at and where we think the most value we can add and the most value we can extract is in the really harsh environment. And so we are not  I'm not worried at all about the transportation business getting bigger if it's for natural reasons, right, the market is growing, we are strong. We do well there. The customers really value the full value proposition we bring to support them in every part of the world. I think the industrial business benefited from those two, so half of the revenue it came from Deutsch, half one in transportation, half one into our industrial solutions business and (inaudible) which  now we have the almost $1.1 billion business as a result of that acquisition. And again, enabling us to do other things that we wouldn't have otherwise done because of the width of the  breadth of the product line. So if you think of us, we like the harsh environment. That's where we are best at. We are clearly better at it than we are in consumer and DataCom and networks are important to us and we think we have a lot of value add there. But, we are not really on a strategy to try to lessen our participation in transportation because if you just look at the underlying trends there, it's just more content and there is still a long way to go. So we want to continue to be strong there. And of course, we want to  the way, I characterize our four businesses, transportation is a great business and we are really good at it. Industrial is a good business and we are good at it with the opportunity to be better. Network solutions on a mix of solid business, we believe the fiber part is really a good business to be in because the bandwidth demand and we are good at it. And consumer we are getting better but we are not good. And we have a terrific team in there that's changing it and so we view that as opportunity  selective opportunity as we say. So that's how we think of the portfolio and we think all four of the segments need to have the right attention in order to be the best. So we are not really trying to deemphasize transportation.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay. Perfect. Then just as a quick follow-up, I would like a little more insight into the telecom networks piece of network solutions. You grew almost 11% year-over-year. I think you are guiding to 5% growth. Verizon seems to be deemphasizing investments in wireline. MDN was the hot topic two years ago, it kind of fizzled out. So just as you look at project activity which areas and regions are you most excited about and why after growing 11% in the first quarter, do you still think it's a mid single-digit growing segment this year?
Thomas Lynch: I mean, I think 11% was driven very strong by some wins in South America, some accelerated activity in Europe. We expect those to level off. There is uncertainty around MDN, it's still in an early stage far enough that I don't think anybody is going to turn back if there is a question of how deep will they drive the fiber. And probably won't see everybody get fiber-to-the-home. But it's going to be fiber deep which is still a really good business. If you go back to the prior quarter it was a different part of the world, the important thing, the encouraging thing but we need to see it quarter after quarter after quarter is it just more project. So we  as I think, I said in Investor Day there is a lot more projects in the last year than they were the year before that. But it tend to be a lumpy business. Our fundamental belief is that when you model data flow, you got to have the fiber network deeper than it is. You don't have to go fiber-to-the-home to give the consumer a good experience, but you need to have fiber setting the offload even from a LTE network deeper than its generally in the network around the world, which is why we think its 5% to 6% growth business over time. But it does take fortitude to ride through the cycle and last year we took a lot of cost out to make sure that whatever cycle it is that we are probably above cost of capital kind of return. So that's how we see it right now. We don't expect 11% growth over the balance of the year.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much and good luck.
Robert Hau: Thank you.
Thomas Lynch: Okay. Well, thank you very much and for those of you like us who fought through the snow to participate, we appreciate it. Again, a good quarter and more than anything I think it reflects a lot of the actions we have taken over the last several years certainly it's very nice to see general economic improvement. We are not giddy about  hey, all of a sudden we are in the high growth area. We continue to be focused and we look forward to talking to you in the not too distant future. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Kolstrom Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert W. Hau - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Keith Kolstrom. Please go ahead.
Keith Kolstrom: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau.. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. [Operator Instructions] . Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Keith and good morning, everyone. This was a very good quarter for the company and we capped the year of strong performance in an uncertain economy. Q4 is especially noteworthy for several reasons. Our organic growth was 3.3% and the company returned to growth for the first time since early last year as continued strength in our Transportation Solutions segment was augmented with growth in our Industrial Solutions segment and then our Telecom Networks and Appliances businesses. Quarters excluding our SubCom business, grew 6% in the quarter and the strength was broad-based in terms of end market and region. Our $0.93 per share is a new earnings record for TE and it's up 22% versus the same quarter last year. We delivered 15.7% adjusted operating margin at a run rate of less than $14 billion in annual revenue. We did have a very favorable mix in the quarter but adjusting to more normal mix our margins were still above 15%. Our efforts to driving lean across the company, which is our TE operating advantage program are really paying off with customer satisfaction and margin improvement and we'll have more to come on this at our Investor Day in November. For the third consecutive year, we were selected at the top 100 innovator by Thomson Reuters. 5 years ago, we stepped up and refocused our renovation efforts and we have a terrific product pipeline and a wide range of intellectual property that should fuel our growth for several years to come. And we had another strong cash flow quarter, and for the year delivered $1.5 billion in free cash flow, our sixth consecutive year of 10% or better cash flow yield on revenue. For the year just ended, we increased adjusted earnings per share by 13% on sales, which were relatively flat. The team did a great job of delivering cost savings and productivity to more than offset the impact of a slow economy. I'm also very pleased with the integration of the Deutsch acquisition. The markets for Industrial Transportation and Commercial Aircraft are strong and we expect to deliver the sales and cost synergy ahead of the acquisition plan. As expected, Deutsch has added great products and people at TE. I'm also very pleased that we generated adjusted net income in excess of 10% for the year, and as I mentioned earlier, we are converting these strong earnings into strong cash flow. During FY '13, we returned $1.2 billion in capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. In fiscal year '14, we expect to return over $1 billion in capital shareholders -- in capital to shareholders, and as shown in our press release earlier this morning, our board has recently approved an increase of $1 billion to our share repurchase authorization. Now please turn to Slide 4. Total company sales were $3.43 billion and were up 3% organically versus the prior year. The sales increase was driven by continued strength in the Transportation segment and improving demand in the industrial and telecom businesses. Please turn to Slide 5, and I'll review our segment performance. Unless I indicate otherwise, all changes are on an organic basis, which excludes the effect of currencies, acquisitions and divestitures. We had another outstanding quarter in our Transportation business. Sales were $1.4 billion, up 10%, and adjusted operating margins were again over 19% and in line with our expectation. Global automotive production was up approximately 4% to 19.6 million units with strength in the U.S. and China. European demand continues to be soft but does appear to be stabilizing. We also continue to see improvements in the heavy truck markets in several geographies. The Deutsch acquisition positions us very strongly in this high end harsh connectivity market. The strong operating margin performance is due to the increased revenue, continued productivity improvements coupled with a very lean footprint and the strong performance in our commercial vehicle business. We expect another strong quarter in Q1, with revenues up about 10% versus the prior year on an expected vehicle production increase of about 3%. Please turn to Slide 6. Sales and earnings in our Industrial Solutions segment were better than expected due to stronger end market demand and favorable product and channel mix. Importantly, we had a strong ordered growth -- we had strong order growth for the second quarter in a row, a solid growth in every region. On a year-over-year basis, sales were up 2% and orders increased 10%. Book-to-bill was 0.96. Orders were especially strong in the commercial Aerospace and Industrial Equipment markets. Energy was up 7%. In the first quarter, we expect sales to be up mid-to-high single digits versus the prior year with Industrial Equipment up close to 10% and Aerospace and Defense and Energy up low to mid-single digits. Continued strength in our commercial Aerospace business is more than offsetting lower spending on Defense program. Sales and earnings in our Network Solutions business were little better than guidance. Within this segment, orders and sales continued to improve in our Telecom Networks business, which is the business where we provide the connectivity for the broadband network for telecom carriers and cable operators. Across the world, we are seeing a gradual pick up in fiber rich broadband network deployment. This improvement was offset by continued weakness in our DataComm equipment business. In our SubCom business, project activity continues to be robust and funding continues to be slow. Revenue in the quarter was in line with expectation but the return to the growth cycle looks to be in the second half. For the segment overall in Q1, we expect a slight decline in revenue as the weaknesses of SubCom and DataComm more than offset the growth in the telecom business. Please turn to Slide 8. Sales in the Consumer Solutions segment were down 5% versus the prior year. The continuation of declines in the PC market and a slowdown in the growth in smart phone and tablets more than offset our growth in our appliances business. In Q1, we expect sales to be down mid-single digits as growth in appliances is offset by continued softness in the Consumer Devices business. I'm going to turn it over to Bob who's going to cover the financials in more detail.
Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings, which start on Slide 9. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $465 million, which includes restructuring charges of $71 million and acquisition related charges of $3 million. Restructuring charges were $311 million for the year, which was higher than our $275 million guidance. Given the progress we made on projects already announced, we implemented additional items that we originally expected to occur in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2014, we anticipate a substantial reduction in the level of restructuring activity with charges of approximately $50 million. Adjusted operating income was $539 million with an adjusted operating margin of 15.7%, up 220 basis points from Q4 last year. The improvement is driven by 3% organic sales, productivity from TEOA and benefit of accelerated restructuring. As Tom mentioned, we did benefit from a favorable mix in the quarter. Adjusted EPS were $0.93 and GAAP EPS were $0.92 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.13 of restructuring and other charges and $0.12 of income related to tax items. Turning to Slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33.7%, which was a record level for the company. This is a 190 basis point increase versus the prior year, largely due to continued progress in our TEOA or lean programs driving increased productivity with reductions in both material and conversion costs and improved profitability related to the integration of Deutsch. Total OpEx spending was $617 million in the quarter, which is flat versus the prior year despite sales being up 3% organically. On the right side of the page, net interest expense was $30 million for the fourth quarter and I expect approximately $31 million of expense in the first quarter with a decline of about $1 million per quarter as we move through the year in 2014. Adjusted other income, which relates to our tax sharing agreement was $7 million and largely in line with guidance. The adjusted effective tax rate was 23.8%, also in line with guidance. In the first quarter, I expect other income of about $8 million per quarter dropping to about $6 million per quarter for the remainder of the fiscal year. And expect the tax rate of 24% to 25% throughout fiscal year. Now turning to Slide 11, I'll discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash from continuing operations was $595 million and our free cash flow in Q4 was $412 million. Full year free cash flow was $1.5 billion. Capital spending during the quarter was $183 million or about 5% of sales. This is consistent with our anticipated spending rate of approximately 4% to 5% of sales going forward. Receivable days outstanding were 61 days and inventory days on hand were 68 days, both metrics remain in line with our expectations. Now let me discuss the sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow shown on the right side of the slide. You see we began the quarter with $1.3 billion of cash and ended the quarter with about $1.4 billion. During the quarter, we returned a total of $313 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $103 million and repurchased about 4.2 million shares for $210 million. We expect additional share repurchases of $150 million to $250 million per quarter during fiscal 2014 consistent with the 2013 levels. Outstanding debt was $3 billion at the end of the quarter. On October 18, we filed the press release calling for the redemption of all the outstanding 5.95% senior notes, which were to mature on January 15, 2014. The slightly earlier redemption is part of our normal cash management. And while no decisions have been finalized regarding replacement of this debt, I do not expect our capital structure to change from the redemption and continue to expect that levels to be about $3 billion. Now I'll turn it back to Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to Slide 12 and I'll cover our outlook. As I mentioned earlier, we've seen solid improvements in our order rates over the last couple of quarters in most of the end markets we serve. And although the overall global economy feels like it has more momentum than it did this time last year, though, there's clearly still uncertainty given slow job growth, the weak economy in Europe and an unsettled U.S. government budget. When we take all these trends into consideration, this is our guidance for Q1. In Q1, which is our seasonally slowest quarter of the year, we expect organic sales growth of 4% to 7% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 14% to 20%. At the midpoint of the guidance, adjusted EPS would be $0.76, an increase of 17%. I feel like this is a really good start to our new year. In Q1, we expect continued strong performance in our Transportation and Industrial businesses with high single-digit year-over-year growth. We expect our Network Solutions segment to be down slightly as improving conditions in the telecom network marks -- -networks market are offset by the softness in our DataComm business and continued project delays in SubCom. We expect our Consumer Solutions business to be down mid-to-high single digits as Q4 trends continue into Q1. Please turn to Slide 13. Now for our full year guidance. Based on these current trends, we expect our organic revenue growth in fiscal '14 to be in the range of 3% to 7%. We do expect the continuation of solid demand in the Transportation and Industrial markets as well is in the Appliances and Telecom Infrastructure markets. We expect continued softness in our SubCom business as contracts coming into the force remains low until at least the second half of the year and we expect our Consumer Devices business to be about flat. We expect to continue our execution momentum and to deliver adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.50 to $3.80, which is about a 13% year-over-year increase at the midpoint of our guidance range. This improvement is driven by organic sales growth, another year of strong productivity and the increased benefits of restructuring. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect to deliver 15% adjusted operating margins for the full year at $13.9 billion of revenue. We also expect a significant reduction in restructuring charges as our footprint is much improved. Overall, this was an excellent quarter, a very solid year of earnings and sales growth -- and our cash growth and I feel good about our momentum entering fiscal '14. I'm confident that if the global economy continues to recover, we are well positioned to deliver attractive sales and earnings growth. Now let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Amit Daryanani, representing RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions for me. One, maybe you could just talk a little bit on the December quarter guide. I think sales, you're implying will be down about 4%, so call it $160 million, $165 million down sequentially. but if I'm run the math and EPS implies that operating income will be down $190 million or so. That suggests detrimental margins of 50% plus, so will you talk about why is such a severe decline or detrimental margin in the December quarter and then maybe you can give us comfort on why you see them expanding to getting out of 15% by year-end.
Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Amit. First, regarding the sales guide. As I mentioned, this is always our seasonally lowest quarter, so we will typically see a 4% to 5% sequential decline in revenue. It is a little higher fall off in operating income but that's not unusual either, because we typically -- what always happens in this quarter is you hit the holiday, you have less work days so your productivity and efficiency suffers a little disproportionately. And on top of that we come off what is typically a very strong quarter when we're running all out at the end of September. So if you look at how we pattern from last year, first half second half, almost exactly the same pattern. So no real difference there, that's why I'm confident that the sales growth and margin, particularly the margin growth through the second, third and fourth quarter and 15% is the -- I feel confident about achieving that. Fair enough. that's all. But let me just ask you a question about the Transportation side. If I look at the September results and also the December guide, looks like the Transportation business is up about 10% year-over-year organically in both quarters. If I looked at the lower production numbers, that's up about 3%. So I guess, it seems you are seeing about a 7% content growth for September and December, net of ASP erosion . Could you to tackle why you're seeing such a big acceleration on the content growth and could that perhaps sustain for the next several quarters as well?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes. I don't think it's -- there's any sudden change in content growth. But I think it's a couple of things. One, we continue to do well around the globe and are growing in every market. And believe we continue to move up our market shares. Secondly, the Industrial Transportation business is very strong with the heavy truck market. And that's a pretty high end market for us. So that's also lifting our growth rates.
Operator: Our next question today comes from line of Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: I wonder if you could comment in terms of the range of possible outcomes for SubC sales next year. In the context of $90 million next quarter, which would be at like a mid-$300 million run rate, and obviously you've talked about the robust pipeline. So what visibility do you have there in terms of the timing, potential downside, potential upside?
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Mike. Right now, I'd say SubCom feels flat year-over-year but the second half is hard to call. I think there's probably more upside than downside based on the project pipeline and when we map the extent of this project pipeline to prior years, we know all projects will not come into force but if we look at the typical come into force rate, we would expect to see things starting to pick up in the second half and as we watch projects move through their funding process. That's where we'd expect though -- first quarter is pretty much what the first quarter is going to be. Second quarter is probably going to be close to that. Hopeful that the second half picks up and these contracts that we won come into force.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Great. And then if can you comment also on the Transportation segment follow-up to that last question. Next year in terms of your vehicle production guide, you have more of a contribution from Europe than you had in your projection for this quarter and 1Q? What's the impact on TEL in terms of that greater contribution from Europe from a content standpoint, your out performance versus the global vehicle production?
Thomas J. Lynch: Well Europe definitely has higher content. And Europe, you really have to break it down. On the surface, which is the local demand for cars in Europe, that's been weak. But particularly, the German OEMs, they've been strong as they export quite a bit and that's where we are strongest. So we don't see a dramatic change there. We see a slight improvement in Europe for us. So there's no big swing in our numbers based on Europe.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel Nicolaus.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Looking at your margin guidance for FY '14, a 15%. Could you talk about the drivers? You have got 2 segments -- consumer and the Networking business you're guiding sort of flattish, you're coming off of peak margins in the Transportation business. What are the drivers in terms of margin expansion within the different segments particularly in the businesses that are guiding flat?
Robert W. Hau: Yes, Mike, this is Bob. Across the board in 2014, we're seeing improvement in operating margin from all 4 of our segments. As you know, we had significant restructuring activity is 2013 and we see the benefits coming through into 2014. We've indicated about a $100 million at exit. Into 2015, we'll see that $400 million. In our 2014 numbers, you have probably between $60 million and $70 million of operating income improvement from those restructuring activities. And of course, we continued down the path of lean and our TEOA activity. So all 4 of our segments, obviously, participating in that where we have the good top line growth obviously in our Transportation business and Industrial where we're seeing mid-to-high single digit growth, we'll get some nice volume leverage in our Industrial and Consumer business -- I mean, our Consumer and Networks businesses where they're a little bit more flattish, margin improvement will be harder to come by.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Tom, on the DataComm, the commentary continues to be cautious there. Do you see any signs of life going into fiscal '14 and if you think it's going to remain flat and down year-over-year. Are you looking at additional cost savings in that business?
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say it's going to be down, but most of the decline is because we exited some very low-end business this year. When you take that out, we're going to be slightly down. I think that's mostly just the slow market. But we're in the middle of the pack player there. That business has gone through a lot of restructuring over the last year, so I don't anticipate any significant additional restructuring there. Never say never, but we stepped up to that about 6 to 9 months ago.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Just following up on Matt's question on the margin targets. It's just, would you be willing, Bob, just kind of give a may be a range where you think each of the 4 segments could be for the year in terms of EBIT margin?
Robert W. Hau: I don't want to get into guidance by segment but I think the key -- and I've mentioned this in the previous answer, if you look at the volume growth overall top revenue Transportation, Industrial being kind of mid-to-high single digits Transportation, obviously stronger than Industrial but in general, nice improvement. That's where we're going to see the higher lift from a year-over-year standpoint. Consumer Solutions and network, we're seeing real benefits from the restructuring actions that we took in 2013 and continued improvement in new products have higher margins but without the volume lift you're not going to get dramatic improvement in the operating margin. Now obviously overall, I'm doing very well grown from the 14.2% we had this year to 15% next year. But clearly, Transportation and Industrial are doing majority of the heavy lifting given the volume.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Got you. I guess on the restructuring savings, maybe another way to come with that question is on that $70 million -- or $60 million to $70 million expect of restructuring savings to fall on the '14, how much of that is Networks versus Industrial versus consumer?
Thomas J. Lynch: Probably the easiest way to think about that is if you look at where the investment went to $300 million, roughly between networks and consumer, 70% of the spending were in those 2 businesses. So you'll see that majority of the benefit in those 2 businesses. 40% networks and about 30% consumer.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Got you. Got you, that's helpful. Then just as a follow-up. I guess, with commodities being down, how much of a tailwind from commodities you're baking in on a dollar basis to your '14 numbers?
Thomas J. Lynch: Commodity is definitely helping on a year-over-year basis, you have to be a little cautious, number one, there's a lot of the year left and our commodities still move. Additionally, with our hedging program that benefit feathers in over time. But on a full year basis, if commodities were to hold where they're at today, there's probably $45 million to $50 million of tailwind for us on a full year basis.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When we think about the outlook, just to be clear I assume that the stock buyback, I think you said $150 million to $250 million per quarter is built into your EPS guidance. And then also, am I correct that you are not building any potential acquisition so if you can talk about that a little bit because it seems like you past acquisitions are progressing better than historical and some of your peers do a lot of acquisitions. Are you now looking at the point where we should expect TEL to start a little bit more aggressive on acquisitions?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, Jim. We have baked in the share repurchase at that $150 million to $250 million range, the range of repurchasing we had in '13 and we plan to continue that per quarter going into 2014, so that's baked in, a modest improvement in the shares outstanding minus reduction. In terms of acquisitions, we have not baked into our guidance any acquisitions we may or may not do into 2014. Obviously, if we were to conclude any acquisitions in the year, we've revised our guidance to that point.
Robert W. Hau: Just adding onto that regarding M&A. We have a robust pipeline. But as you know, we're pretty thoughtful about it. We really focus on strategic fit. But I would expect and we desire to continue to round out our product line and our overall connectivity portfolio. It's a big market. We have the broadest product line but we're not satisfied yet. So we're always looking, but we don't build that into our outlook.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And as a quick follow-up, there's been some indications that the Australia fiber build out has been slowing down here, as well as some changes in China. Is that incorporated into your guidance, did you put in some conservatism there for it, and how should we think about those recent trends that are happening into those area, which once were a very highly attractive area and very robust outlook?
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say Australia for sure is still -- are very attractive. what's going on there, as you know, the changing government, they've got to sort through how they want to build the broadband network. The prior government was fiber to the home. This is more like fiber to the node. In both cases it's a lot more fiber in and a lot more broadband in the country had today. So it could affect us, $10 million, $15 million a year is our estimate right now, which we have included in our guidance. So we don't see -- I mean things could change, but we're not getting any indication and we're very close to the organization down there. On China, we are being [audio gap] in China, it's where we play in the network, it's a business you need to be selective in. I would say generally, this is reflected in our guidance, the market hasn't been as attractive as we saw a couple of years ago, a lot of competition, a lot of low-end competition, so much like we do on our energy business in the market like China. We're selective in playing were quality and reliability really matters. But from our telecom perspective, that business has been a slow business for us. The opposite side of the road on automotive so to speak, which has been, it continues to be a booming business for us.
Operator: A question today comes from the line of Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you could help us, remind us about what your exposure is to the European market and I think there is some green shoots in the Automotive business and than maybe even in Telecom as we look into the 2014. So are you seeing any positive indications in Europe and can you help us think about how much TE might benefit from that?
Robert W. Hau: About a third of our business is done in Europe. The biggest part of that is Automotive. And a pretty significant portion of that business, 20% to 30% is exported out. So it's a little murky to walk through. But in general, we're strong in all our businesses in Europe and that has depressed our growth rates over the past 2 years but we have a strong, profitable businesses there, our best businesses, Automotive which as I indicated is continue to be a good business because of the export base. Our strongest Energy market is in Europe, which has been a slow this year, very slow, but we're starting to see signs of picking up. We have a pretty sizable telecom business in Europe, which is not very fiber rich yet. So we're encouraged about the prospects for that and we are seeing some green shoots so to speak in some areas of accelerated fiber build out. And our largest industrial equipment business is in Europe, which has been slow but is also, as we mentioned in overall Industrial business, showing signs of stabilizing and picking up. So I'd categorize Europe end market demand as being feeling a little bit better, but off of a low base. So it's nothing to get gleeful over yet but the stabilizing is the way it looks.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. For my follow-up, can you guys just clarify on the restructuring benefits that you assume for fiscal '14, I know a $60 million to $70 million -- is that the $60 million to $70 million of benefit that you got for fiscal '14 overall or as you exit fiscal '14 you will be getting to $60 million to $70 million on a run rate basis?
Robert W. Hau: The $60 million to $70 million is for the full year. We'll exit a bit higher and what we've said is $100 million plus benefit into 2015 once we hit that full run rate.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of William Stein with SunTrust Robinson.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if you can comment on the cash flow outlook for next year with the lower restructuring charge. How does that affect cash?
Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Will. I think we're going to continue to generate cash at around the net income level. So I'd say it's in that 14, plus or minus. I do expect some CapEx to increase year-over-year and restructuring charges are down but restructuring spending is about flat. So and the early stages of restructuring our cash outflow lags our charges and that eventually, it catches up. Bob, I don't know if you want to add on to that.
Robert W. Hau: Yes, the charges that you see or saw in 2013, that's $300 million plus, the cash flow is out really over 3 years, simply the majority of it is in 2013 and 2014. '14 it's up slightly, but not significant one.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then if I can just hit the margins, I know there has been a lot of discussion on this. It's like Transportation at a very strong level going higher and certainly for the company, you just go blew through the 15% target nicely in the quarter. How we think about aggregate to the operating line, and then is there a significant delta from 1 segment to the next with regards to the drop through?
Robert W. Hau: I'd say relative to the relationships of the businesses, Transportation and Industrial, which are a long cycle highly engineered, harsh environment businesses, which honestly is that we do best at, have a higher flow through than the Consumer, which is the other end of the spectrum where you need volume particularly in devices to get flow-through and volumes has been intermittent for us there. Networks is sort of the mix. Our Telecom Networks business, again, highly engineered products and harsh environment, high flow-through. So you'll typically get higher flow-through in Industrial and then Transportation and Telecom networks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. [Operator Instructions]
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just have a quick follow-up guys. Regarding the capital allocation, Tom, I think you mentioned at the onset of the call that you expect to return $1 billion back to shareholders. But if I do my math, at least at the midpoint of the buyback on that $150 million to $250 million range that would be $800 million alone and in your dividend policy, I think it's a little over $400 million. That would put you all up to $1.2 billion, I think. So does that imply that maybe the buybacks would be at the lower in the $150 million to $250 million range or do I just mishear the $1 billion comment initially?
Thomas J. Lynch: I said $1 billion, but it's early in the year. Last year was the year of no M&A, to be determined what happens this year. Well I think, think of that as what we see right now, that's what is the most likely range. What happened this year as we progress through the year, there were no M&A opportunities that made sense to us, so we increased the buyback. That could happen again or if we see the right opportunities that are strategic and help us strengthen the company and increase our growth rate, we'll go in that direction. But at this point, I'd say a $1 billion is the way to think about it in total.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So that, I guess, Tom, that would imply the buyback would be $150 million a quarter then, right?
Robert W. Hau: Amit, actually the comment on the script was over $1 billion, so I mean, again, it's early in the year so.
Thomas J. Lynch: If you were to take it literally in a $1 billion, it would be at the low-end.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. So the way to think about it is at minimum it is going to be $150 million, and as you ramp through the year, and if you don't find or don't do enough deals, you can ratchet it up higher much as you did in fiscal '13?
Thomas J. Lynch: That's correct.
Operator: And speakers, nobody else is queued up at this time.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, everyone for calling in. Just one reminder. Our Investor Day, the first one in 2 years is in New York on November 19 and we look forward to hopefully seeing all of you there. And until then, have a good couple of weeks, see you late November.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using the AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Kolstrom Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert W. Hau - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Nicholas Jones Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Third Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Keith Kolstrom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Keith Kolstrom: Thanks. Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter 2013 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. [Operator Instructions] Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Keith, and good morning to everyone. If you would please turn to Slide 3. Q3 was a good quarter for the company. Sales and earnings exceeded the high end of our guidance range, and we had another terrific cash flow quarter. Orders were $3.4 billion for the quarter. Excluding our SubCom business, orders were up 2% versus last year, and book-to-bill was 1.02. Book-to-bill was over 1 for the third quarter in a row, and was at or above 1 in every one of our segments, excluding SubCom. This is the third quarter in a row of year-over-year quarters growth. Sales of $3.45 billion beat the high end of our guidance due to continued strength in the transportation market and improvements in the telecom market. In addition, due to project timing in the telecom market, we did benefit in Q3 from about $20 million of revenues that we originally expected to hit in Q4. We expect total company revenues in the second half to be up about $25 million versus the guidance midpoint we gave in April. Adjusted operating income margin was 14.8%, up 80 basis points versus the prior year and up 120 basis points sequentially. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.88 was $0.06 above the midpoint of our guidance due to the stronger sales and continued strong productivity performance. Free cash flow was $431 million, and we returned $314 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. For the fourth quarter, we expect sales in the range of $3.30 -- $3.35 billion to $3.45 billion and adjusted earnings per share in the range of $0.88 to $0.92. This represents approximately 1% year-over-year sales growth and 18% year-over-year EPS growth. We now expect full year adjusted EPS of $3.20, at the midpoint of our guidance. This is up versus the prior guidance midpoint due -- guidance due to the strong Q3 performance. Now if you'd please turn to Slide 4. As I mentioned earlier, total company sales were $3.5 -- $3.45 billion, which was $25 million above the very -- the high end of our guidance range, driven by the auto and telecom businesses. Versus the prior year, sales were down about 1%. Please turn to Slide 5, and I'll review our segment performance in a little detail. Unless I indicate otherwise, all changes are on an organic basis, which excludes the effect of currencies, acquisitions and divestitures. We had another outstanding quarter in our Transportation business. Sales exceeded $1.4 billion, which were up 8%, and adjusted operating margins were just under 20%. Global automotive production was up 3% to 20.7 million units, with strength in the U.S. and China offsetting continued softness in Europe. We also continue to see improvements in the heavy truck markets in the U.S. and China. The strong operating margin performance is due to the increased revenue, continued productivity improvements and the strong performance in our commercial vehicle business. We are capitalizing on the Deutsch acquisition we made last year, and the integration is going very well. We expect another strong quarter end in Q4, with revenues up about 10% versus the prior year on an expected vehicle production increase of 3.5% and continued strength in the commercial vehicle market. Revenues will be down slightly, about 3%, due to seasonality. For the full year, global auto production is expected to be up 2%, in line with the historical average. Due to our strong performance and the addition of Deutsch, we expect to be able to grow Transportation revenue by 7% for the full year. Please turn to Slide 6. Sales and earnings in our Network Solutions segment were slightly better than expectation, due mostly to improved demand in the Telecom Networks business. The pickup in telecom is due primarily to increased carrier CapEx spending in the U.S., as well as selected projects in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The fiber and wireless portion of our telecom business continues to be strong, offsetting declines in copper network investment. We've seen this trend for a while now. We also saw an increase in carrier activity around expansion of the fiber portion of the broadband network across the global market over the past several quarters. This is a good sign. With the ADC integration behind us, we feel we are very well positioned to capitalize on this activity as it turns into projects. On a year-over-year basis, total segment revenues were down 4%. Subsea activity -- project activity continues to be fairly robust, but funding continues to be slow. In the DataComm equipment business, we continue to see a weak IT hardware spending environment, although some signs of that stabilizing. And additionally, we exited the low-end magnetics components business, which had revenue of about $60 million per year. Sequentially, sales increased 15%, and adjusted operating margins improved 300 basis points. The revenue increase is primarily due to seasonality and an uptick in demand in the telecom market. One encouraging point is for the first time in 6 quarters, revenue increased in our telecom business on a year-over-year basis. Orders in the segment, excluding SubCom, were up slightly versus last year, and the book-to-bill was 1.03. In Q4, we expect sales to decline slightly versus Q3, with adjusted operating margins continuing to improve to near the 10% level. Please turn to Slide 7. Sales and earnings in our Industrial Solutions segment were in line with expectations. On a year-over-year basis, sales were down 4%, as expected. Orders in this segment increased 4% over the prior year, and book-to-bill was 1.03. In the fourth quarter, we expect sales to be about flat with the prior year. We see continued strength in the commercial aerospace and oil and gas markets, some signs of improvement in the U.S. and Asian industrial equipment markets and continued softness in the energy market and in U.S. defense spending. But overall, our industrial markets feel like they're stabilizing and feel like they're in better shape than they were this time last year. We expect to exit Q4 with segment-adjusted operating margins back near the 15% range due to favorable product mix, our ongoing productivity improvements and Deutsch synergies. Please turn to Slide 8. Our focus on improving operating margins in our Consumer Solutions segment continue to make good progress in the quarter as adjusted operating margins improved to 10%. Overall demand in the segment was a little weaker than the prior year. In Q3, orders did strengthen in the appliance business in the U.S. and China. However, we experienced slower growth in the mobile device market and the continuation of a weak PC market. In Q4, we expect sales to increase approximately 3% sequentially and adjusted operating margins to remain above 10%. In the Consumer Devices portion of this segment, we continue to be selective in the programs we are pursuing in order to drive margin improvement. Now I'll turn it over to Bob, who's going to cover the financials in detail.
Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings, which start on Slide 9. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $439 million, which includes restructuring charges of $67 million and Deutsch acquisition-related charges of $3 million. We continue to expect approximately $275 million of restructuring charges for the full year and a substantial reduction in the level of restructuring actions next year. Adjusted operating income was $509 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 14.8%, up 80 basis points from Q3 last year. Adjusted EPS were $0.88, and GAAP EPS were $0.79 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.11 of restructuring and other charges and $0.02 of income related to tax items. If you'll turn to Slide 10, our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 32.8%, which was the highest level since separation. This is a 180-basis-point increase versus the prior year and about $50 million less in sales. The increase is largely due to continued progress in our TEOA or Lean programs driving increased productivity, with reductions in both material and conversion costs and improved profitability related to the integration of Deutsch. Total OpEx spending was $623 million for the quarter, up $27 million versus the prior year, primarily due to several nonrecurring expenses during the quarter. In the right side of the slide, details of the items of the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $32 million in the third quarter, and I expect approximately $32 million of expense in the fourth quarter. Adjusted other income, which relates to our tax sharing agreement, was $10 million and largely in line with guidance. The adjusted effective tax rate was 23.6%, in line with our guidance of 23% to 24%. And in the fourth quarter, I expect other income of about $8 million and a tax rate of about 23%. Before I move to the next slide, I want to mention the 8-K we filed on July 1, which provided an update on the Internal Revenue Service's review of the tax returns of Tyco International for the years 1997 to 2000. While this was an update on the status of the review, I want to assure everyone that our view has not changed on the eventual outcome regarding these issues or the amounts we expect to pay in the future. I'm turning to Slide 11, and I'll discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash from continuing operations was $614 million, and our free cash flow in Q3 was $431 million. Year-to-date, free cash flow of $1.1 billion is up 25% versus the prior year. Capital spending during the quarter was $144 million or about 4% of sales, consistent with our anticipated spending rate of approximately 4% to 5% of sales going forward. Our receivable days outstanding were 59 days, and inventory days on hand were 68 days. Both metrics remain in line with our expectations. Now let me discuss sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow, shown on the right side of the slide. We began the quarter with $1.1 billion of cash and ended the quarter with about $1.3 billion. During the quarter, we returned a total of $314 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $104 million and repurchased about 4.8 million shares for $210 million. As discussed on prior calls, the dividend increased in the quarter by approximately 19% to an annualized rate of $1 per share. We continue to expect additional share repurchases of $150 million to $250 million in the fourth quarter. The outstanding debt was $3 billion at the end of the quarter, and we expect similar levels for the remainder of fiscal 2013. Now I'll turn it back over to Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Bob. If you could please turn to Slide 12. Based on the order trends we've been discussing, we expect revenue in Q4 to be in the $3.35 billion to $3.45 billion range and adjusted EPS in the $0.88 to $0.92 range. This strong performance would result in adjusted EPS being up approximately 18% versus the prior year due to increased sales, improved productivity, cost reductions and our share repurchase program. Revenue is expected to be up 1% at the midpoint of our guidance due to continued strength in Transportation. And the important thing here is this is the first quarter of year-over-year sales growth since FY '11. Please turn to Slide 13. For the full year, we expect sales in the range of $13.2 billion to $13.3 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $3.18 to $3.22. The full year midpoint assumes revenues about flat versus the prior year, adjusted operating margins of about 14% and adjusted earnings per share growth of approximately 12%. Second half adjusted earnings per share would be up about 15% versus the prior year on flat sales. Our adjusted EPS outlook is up compared to what we guided last quarter, due primarily to the strong Q3 performance. For the full year, we expect free cash flow of about $1.5 billion and a return in excess of $1.2 billion of capital to shareholders. A few final comments before we go to Q&A. I'm really pleased with the execution momentum we are building. Our team around the world is doing a very good job of navigating through the economic uncertainty, focusing on our customers' short-term and long-term needs and delivering strong earnings and cash performance. And I emphasize the long-term needs because we continue to invest alongside of our customers. Our adjusted operating margins are near 15%, and I'm confident we'll reach this level at about a $14 billion to $14.5 billion revenue run rate. This -- our annual free cash flow continues to run about 10% of revenue and gives us attractive choices. It enabled us to become a world leader in fiber optic connectivity, with the acquisition of ADC, and in harsh connectivity, with the acquisition of Deutsch. We've also increased our engineering and R&D investment to approximately $700 million per year in order to strengthen our technology and product pipeline across our businesses. And last but certainly not least, the substantial cash flow has enabled us to consistently raise our dividend and return close to $4 billion through share repurchase in our first 6 years. In total, we have returned over $5 billion in dividends and share repurchases to our shareholders since fiscal year 2008. TE Connectivity has a very strong business foundation, and we expect to deliver improved growth as the global economy recovers. Electronics continues to proliferate, and this requires more connectivity. And at TE, we're really proud to be the world leader enabling this connectivity. So now let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I have a question and a follow-up. First of all, maybe you guys could just touch on the Transportation margins, and it improved by 90 basis points, I think, sequentially to 19.8%. Maybe you could just talk about how much of this expansion was due to mix versus leverage. And then going forward, do you think these margins are sustainable in terms of there's no onetime benefit that you guys may have had in the June quarter?
Thomas J. Lynch: Amit, to answer the last question, no, I don't -- there weren't any unusual onetime benefits in that business in the quarter. We're really getting the volume leverage and we're getting the operating leverage from cost actions we took several years ago. And we're getting much better in that business at core productivity, which, historically, was not a strong suit but is becoming a strong suit. As far as sustainability, I think an important thing to keep in mind, we're performing very well, but auto production is going to be up 2% to 3% this year, which is the historical average. So there's not a windfall on auto production. It feels a little better than that in the U.S. because the U.S. is up, but Europe and Japan, for example, this quarter -- this past quarter, have been down. So I think this is just many years' worth of improvements in a number of areas and, at the same time, continuing to invest in that business to make sure we stay ahead on the innovation and technology curve.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And I guess my follow-up, maybe -- I guess, maybe I want to clarify, Tom, we should still be thinking of 25% conversion margins in the Transportation segment, I want to make sure that, that's the right way to think about it. And then the networking side, the 300 basis points of margin expansion you guys had this quarter was much better than what I was thinking. Can you maybe talk about was it always just driven by revenue leverage? Because I think most of that restructuring benefit is supposed to be a fiscal '14 story, so I'm assuming there's more margin expansion left going forward even if revenues don't improve substantially.
Thomas J. Lynch: Regarding the Transportation 25% fall-through, I think that's the right way to think about it over the cycle. In an up cycle, you might get a little more than that. In a down cycle, you're going to get more negative than that. But on average, we see it at about 25%. In networks, I would say there's 2 pieces: there's the continued improvement in productivity; and we're getting volume. As you know, that segment has -- that's been down for several years now, and we've been hurt by that. And -- but we took advantage of that to continue to tighten up the cost structure. It isn't really from the restructuring we introduced this year or we started this year. That's not going to kick in until next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Suva with Citi.
Nicholas Jones: This is Nicholas Jones on behalf of Jim Suva. Could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in European auto sales as far as like registrations versus production? Because I've noticed your outlook came down another percentage point for the full year outlook.
Thomas J. Lynch: Well, with respect to auto in Europe, I would say our auto business has consistently strengthened relative to our outlook for the year. It's been partially execution on our part but a better market, generally, every quarter than we expected. In Europe, it's definitely soft. New car registrations were down 6% or 7%. Some think they're bottoming. I hear that. But we do benefit from the fact that we're very strong. We're strong across Europe but particularly strong with the German OEMs, and a significant portion of their business is export to the U.S. and China. So the strength in the U.S. and China is definitely helping those OEMs.
Nicholas Jones: Do you think Europe is kind of stable and going to look up next year? Or is it still going to remain soft maybe for another year or 2?
Thomas J. Lynch: I would tell you that's hard to call. I think for us, we just stay close to the customers and make sure our lead times are tight. The recent trends and, I think, the industry is calling stabilization somewhat flat to slightly up next year. I don't -- we'll be giving you our view of that in November, when we talk about our fiscal year '14.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: In the Transportation segment, did you see any pull-in in the China commercial segment ahead of the class 4 emission standards that were supposed to go into effect July 1 for heavy trucks? And how long do you think the strength in commercial persists? Do you see this as sort of multi-quarter from here?
Thomas J. Lynch: I think there might have been -- not in our revenue, there wasn't any pull-in because we're not that strong in the -- most of the heavy truck business because it tends to be a very local business. That's what's exciting about Euro 4 now becoming the law of the land because that's where our strength really comes to play and the combination of Deutsch and TE over there. So we're starting to see a lift in our orders but no big pickup in our revenue because of an acceleration to kind of get under the wire with the implementation of Euro 4. The heavy truck market, our orders are still pretty robust there and especially in the U.S. So the construction side has been a little bit flat, but I think we're optimistic, given the general direction of the U.S. economy.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So continued strength for a few quarters here, at least?
Thomas J. Lynch: We certainly have that built into the fourth quarter.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And Bob, as a quick follow-up, are you baking in any of the margin improvement from lower raw material costs here in your near-term forecast?
Robert W. Hau: Yes, so we have single-digit million benefit in fourth quarter from lower copper, gold and overall raw materials in our business. We are certainly seeing a benefit of the decline that we've seen over the last couple of months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Question on the networking business and the margin targets. I know you've talked about getting -- eventually getting back to sort of a mid-teens operating margin. A couple of years ago, you were running at $1 billion of so of revenue a quarter. Do we need to get back to those volumes or will the cost-cutting actions that you're seeing enable you to get there sooner or mix or whatever the other issues?
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say, Matt, it's in the 3.5 to 4, depending on the mix of the businesses, but we have a better cost structure than we did. And we also have the benefits of the Deutsch synergy -- of the ADC synergies. Of course, right now, we're -- our SubCom business is at a very low point, and it's just a little bit above breakeven. Our telecom business margins are solid in the double digits, so as revenue picks up there, we expect to get a lot of leverage there. So we definitely feel this business, as it gets back to what we historically would define as a more normal revenue level, should be in -- at or around the company average margin. We [indiscernible].
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the Telecom Networks and in Enterprise, on the Enterprise side, are you seeing any signs of reinvestments there? For instance, December quarter into the next year. And then on the Telecom Networks side, are you seeing any signs of life in China in terms of any pipeline there?
Thomas J. Lynch: On Enterprise, it's mixed. The Enterprise business, in general, over the last several quarters, I'd say it's been going sideways, flips up, goes down. And it's a very, very local business. For example, we're strong in India, and our enterprise market there has been very slow because of the economy. We're doing -- we're number -- middle of the pack player in the U.S., so we're picking up there, particularly in the data center. But overall, I'd say it's pretty mixed and relatively flat. That's how we see it for the next quarter. In the -- your telecom question again? I'm sorry.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, just a bit about your outlook for China recovery and pickup there.
Thomas J. Lynch: I'd say 2 things: China's slow, and China's a tough market. It tends to be a very low-end market, so that's an area where we've become more selective over the last 2 or 3 quarters. We are really focusing on the mid- to high-end solution where they're available and because we find it super competitive at the low end. And in general, that's how we look at the company. We're staying away from the true commodity space that isn't strategic or necessary to kind of defend the balance of the business.
Operator: And we have a question from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more on the operating margin comments. I think the 15% threshold, the revenue required to get to that had been $15 billion to $15.5 billion of revenue overall. And Thomas, if I heard you properly, you said $14 billion -- around $14.5 billion now? With the restructuring that you're putting into place that comes into effect next year, should we expect the revenue that you need to get to 15% operating margin to come down further?
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say that, that includes the $14 billion to $14.5 billion, but we're close. Obviously, we're $14.8 billion in the third quarter, and it's down $1 billion from a year ago due to a couple of things: the margin leverage from Deutsch, the tremendous productivity year we're having, a little bit of business mix right now. For example, Consumer, with 15% of the business last year, it's 12% of the business this year. Some of that's Consumer being down and Automotive being up. So I think we have some of those kind of trends. But I feel confident in the $14 billion to $14.5 billion. Of course, we're not going to put a limit on that, but that's the best way to think of it. And think of it on an annual basis because we have seasonality, as you know. So Q3 is typically our peak quarter in revenue, all other things being equal. We come down a little bit in Q4. Last year we -- our revenue went down 3.5% to 4.5% sequentially to Q4. This year, only 1.5% because of some strength in other business. And then our weakest seasonal quarter is Q1. So when we say 15%, we're talking about a sustained full year of 15%, which means in the peak quarters, we'd be needing to run above 15%. We need to run 15.5%, for example, this time next year to offset what will be a lower-margin first quarter because of the lower sales due to the seasonality.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: For my follow-up question, there's been some talk about improved spending on broadband in the U.S., and I'm hoping you can help us understand how well you're positioned to benefit from that.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. We -- as you know, there's been a lot of announcements by the big carriers over the last 6 months and some search companies that are getting new into that business as well about expanding the amount of bandwidth per home. And more recently, just in the last week, another carrier announced a different type of plan where you could, as a consumer or a business, sign up for 500 megabits. One has announced they're going to deliver 1 gigabit. So that is all great news for us if it comes to pass. It tends to drive the whole industry to increased spending. So we did finally start to see a little bit of increased spending in the fiber portion of the network. And in our wireless business, which is still relatively small at about $150 million annual revenue, we've seen a double-digit pickup in the last 2 quarters as the carriers are trying to augment their tower-based network with not quite small cells, but distributed antenna systems. So it feels better than it has in a while for us in terms of spending on our portion of the network. I think there's only a couple of data points yet, so we're not getting carried away with bullishness. But what the customers are saying, we're seeing the amount of RFP activity in the U.S., all definitely feels more -- we're more bullish than we were last year, for sure.
Operator: We have a question from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: I had, I guess, a follow-up, first, on the commodities. Assuming the second quarter is kind of where we see commodities bottom out, when would you see the full benefit, would it be the December quarter or kind of the March quarter of 2014 before you would see that fully run through the model?
Robert W. Hau: I think the key to think about is, we have a hedging program in place for our key raw commodities. And essentially, what we do is we look out our demand out 18 months, and we hedge roughly 50% of that demand. So there's definitely a lag in the impact, both negative and positive overall, from commodity swings. So if you think commodities bottomed out in second quarter, it's Q4, Q1 that you start seeing that benefit roll through the P&L.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, we've earlier said that -- Tom, you may have said the operating margin target for Industrial is about 15% in the fourth quarter. I was just wondering if you can confirm that. And then second kind of should that business, with maybe some incremental restructuring gains and some volumes coming through, be operating long-term above 15%?
Thomas J. Lynch: I'd answer yes on both counts, Shawn. Yes, we did say we expect to be back to the 15% range, and we definitely view that as the business. It should be above average company margins, no question, with a little pick up in revenue, continued improvement in productivity and the benefit of some of the restructuring we're doing.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Is that a business where you would see maybe most of the benefit from a commodity tailwind?
Thomas J. Lynch: No, I mean, actually, we use the most copper in absolute terms than proportionally in the Transportation business. But industrial does -- will benefit. But there's a lot of copper and precious metal in the Transportation business because of the harsh environment, super harsh environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: In terms of the Transportation segment outperformance versus the global vehicle production, can you talk about how much of that is being driven by content on passenger vehicles versus the C&I or the Deutsch contribution there? And maybe along those lines if you can talk about whether Deutsch is still on track with that roughly $0.05 a quarter accretion? Or if the better C&I is helping that?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, I would say the performance, relative to production, is kind of all of those things you mention, other than Deutsch is really in the commercial vehicle, so it doesn't play into the light vehicle revenue versus production numbers. But we're benefiting as well from market share gains that we began to get into dine in [ph] shortly after the financial crisis. As you recall, we continue -- despite the significant drop in the auto business then, we made the decision to continue to invest in engineering and R&D and, in some cases, increased our investment. And that's really starting to play out. We won some design wins that usually takes 2 or 3 or 4 years to turn into revenue. And that's clearly helping us. So I think the industry estimates are we've gained 3 points of market share in the last 4 years. We do -- I think we're still gaining a little market share in China as well, even though we have a high market share there. Electronic content mix, I would say it's a little bit higher than norm because of the high-end car sales are a little bit higher than norm. It's not a big number, but we're getting a small tailwind from that. And our overall margin in Transportation is benefiting from just the addition of the Deutsch industrial and commercial business as it was because that was a high-20s EBITDA business and the synergy that we are slightly ahead of plan on the cost synergy. Revenue, although picking up, is slightly below plan. But the -- that overall acquisition is clearly shaping up to be a real winner for us.
Robert W. Hau: And Mike, we are on track to deliver the incremental $0.12 or $0.20 accretion from Deutsch.
Keith Kolstrom: And Mike, also -- it's Keith. As a data point, the commercial vehicle business was about $200 million in the quarter, so about 14% of the Transportation segment total.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Got it. Okay. And also on the Subsea business, how far does your backlog take you out there? You're forecasting $110 million next quarter, but with the $20 million quarterly order rate, I mean, is that -- is there risk that, that pulls back down to your trough levels?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, our backlog, as you know, we don't put anything in backlog until we get that first big downpayment and are ready to go into force as we say in that business. So I think -- Q4, we feel pretty good about it. That revenue level, some business needs to come into force to hit the -- to continue that revenue level or move it up. We're encouraged by the fact that there's a lot of programs out there, but that's been the case for a while. A year ago, I would've thought the SubCom business would be higher than it is now. And it's just taking longer to get the funding, but there's some very big projects that we've been awarded that are what I'd call very sensible projects. Sometimes, in this business, you can be awarded a project, but you know it's -- there's a 10% chance it's going to get built. We have several that are well over the 50% chance and the funding is close. So -- but in terms of visibility in backlog, it's a quarter or 2 at max right now. When you hit the boom time, it tends to move out to kind of a year to 5 quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Tom, a question on Network Solutions. We're hearing incrementally from operators focused on upgrading their copper networks to the VDSL2 plus or Vector VDSL. Can you remind us what that means for your business from a content perspective versus fiber to the prem type networks? It seems like there's a bit of a shift towards upgrading copper-based networks versus taking fiber all the way deep into the network.
Thomas J. Lynch: I think both are going on. But overall, investment in the copper network, almost everywhere, has been consistently declining. One of our strengths is that we have a strong copper business as well. So most -- more than half of our business is in the fiber network. Three years ago, that was different. So we feel we're really well positioned. Our overall growth rate has been down, even though our fiber growth rate has been consistently in the mid-single digits to double digits because of the slowdown in the copper network. So as long as there's investment in the network, we typically feel good about it. In the wired, the Last-Mile, the backhaul, whenever their carriers are making that a priority again, we're going to benefit from that because we have a very -- we really have the full end-to-end fiber and copper network, which nobody has anywhere near both of those to the extent that we do.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up, if I look at the operating margin expansion in that segment from roughly 6% to 9%, was that largely all driven by volume? Or would you say structurally, this segment is now at a higher operating margin level relative to where it was a quarter or 2 ago?
Robert W. Hau: Amitabh, there's certainly a benefit from the sequential growth. Sales up, I think, about 10% sequentially. Clearly, we've been doing some significant restructuring. We'll see benefits of that into '14 and '15. We are seeing the benefits of our TEOA and general productivity in that business. I'd say, we certainly feel better about margins at 9%. But historically, 13%, 14%, and we anticipate, in the long run, our Networks segment will be about company average. 6% last year, I think -- or excuse me, last quarter was abnormally low, and we're certainly happy to see the 300 bps improvement sequentially.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Just a follow-up on that last comment. I was wondering, in terms of some of the restructuring activities in the Networks business, can you just sort of maybe give us an idea of what the actions were that has helped margins, how much was completed or maybe completed towards the end of the quarter that gives you sort of comfort into this quarter as you get the full benefits of that and sort of an idea what's left to do that's important? And I have a follow-up question.
Thomas J. Lynch: I'd say you have to think about the restructuring in that segment in 3 buckets. Over the last year or 2, most of it has been related to the ADC integration. So that's where most of it was. The -- what we call the legacy TE business was pretty lean in that business. And we knew one of the very attractive aspects of ADC, after their phenomenal product line and strong position in the fiber network was, there was a lot of opportunity to move their cost structure, more like the TE cost structure. So that is largely -- that's the major contributor. With the market being lighter in the last couple of years, we've taken that opportunity to take additional cost out. And then the third piece of the puzzle is the restructuring that's in the works now that will benefit starting next year. So some of that is additional -- what you'd call additional ADC plant, though but we don't -- we're -- we've been together a couple years now, so we don't distinguish that much anymore. And some of it is our Lean programs are really enabling us to put what used to be in 3 plants in 2 plants, along those lines. So there's really 3 pillars to the restructuring piece of it.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great, that's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, I know you're not giving guidance for the December quarter, but relative to what you're seeing in both your sales and your orders for this quarter, how are you feeling about typical seasonality off of this base? Are there any markets that you feel a little bit better about, a little bit worse about, as you look out towards year-end spending?
Thomas J. Lynch: When I think about the markets in general, so let's think how we felt 6 months ago, we feel better. A part of that is because 6 months have gone by. But I do think on almost -- most indicators in our business, like we just -- we've talked about in this hour, orders up, book-to-bill up, things like that, are pretty -- are much better than they were a year ago. So if that lasts through the fourth quarter, I think that should -- we should feel better about the first quarter than we did a year ago. But as you know, it was in May of last year, we were feeling, as we guided 15 months ago, about the second half of FY '12 -- May of last year, the orders started to turn down. And it happened across the world, not just in our world. That didn't really turn back up until November. The good news is the order rates are still holding, and we're in the end of July. So I'd say that's a really positive sign, but I'd like to get through the next few months, obviously, before we start talking about next year.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Kevin LaBuz on behalf of Sherry. My first is on your Consumers side. Could you just talk about what success you've had gaining traction in smartphones and tablets? And I have a follow-up.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. I would say we've had more success in smartphones than tablets. We have a beachhead in tablets; it's fairly narrow. In the last 1.5 year, we've done extremely well with the smartphones designed in Asia. So it's not broad-based, but it's -- we have real momentum there. So in the tablets, not so well there but better in the other tablet area. So it's mixed for us, and it's still relatively small for us. And we continue to be very selective because not all smartphone and tablet business is great business. So that's really been our strategy. I think what I really feel good about and our team feels good about and deserves credit for is we know we can be successful where we target. It doesn't mean it'll happen overnight, but we know we can do the miniaturization, we know we can ramp from 0 to 500,000 parts a week in the way that's required in that market. We know we can be cost competitive and make an attractive margin in the projects we're targeting. So I'd say we feel like we have -- we know we have much better capability in that market, but we're still being selective.
Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. And then my next question is on the networking solutions side. Obviously, you sound a bit better this quarter than you did last. So I was just wondering what changes you've seen over the last 90 days that have led to the better assessment.
Thomas J. Lynch: Well, I think, for sure, the second half in Networks is always better than the first half because of the seasonality and you're in the summer and you're coming out of the winter. So it always makes the business better. As Bob pointed out, margins were unusually low and at the bottom of our experience in the last quarter, so we knew they would get better. We're really seeing and encouraged by the activity in the large portion of the network. So much CapEx went into, particularly in the U.S., LTE in the last couple of years. But you still need the wired portion of the network if you're going to deliver video in -- 30 second download video into your tablet or smartphone. You need to be fiber or very close to the home. So sort of the physics would say got to build fiber deeper. The recent RFP activity says, boy, there's more RFP activity. We saw the first year-over-year increase in our orders in 6 quarters. So all of those are positive signs. A year ago, all of those weren't happening, and we were not as bullish, to say the least. so we -- but we also know that 1 quarter or 2 quarters doesn't make a trend. But the most important thing is we have an outstanding product line, and we are well positioned around the world. I mean, we are -- we're calling on every major carrier, and they know who we are, and they know what capabilities we have. And so we're positioned -- as they decide to accelerate, we're positioned to help them and benefit from that. I think that was the end of the questions. I'll just take a minute to wrap up. Again, a very good quarter for us. I would say this quarter is a result of many years of hard work. And certainly, improving economic conditions in a few areas have been helpful, but most of this performance is due to the strong execution by the teams around the company. And we've talked a lot about the leverage this company has, and you really see it the last couple quarters that, with a little bit of revenue tailwind, tremendous leverage in the margins, the core productivity is the best I've seen since I've been in the company. And Bob mentioned our Lean program, which we called TEOA. We're becoming a Lean company, and it's showing up in everything we do and probably, most importantly, our ability to service the customer. We've gone through accelerating our restructuring, so we'll start to see the benefits of that next year. And then the cash flow is strong in this company. What really is, I think, a very good sign is it's been pretty linear this year. And if you look at our working capital statistics, at the same time, our on-time delivery statistics are getting much better. When those 2 things are moving in the right direction, that tells me we're executing well. The most exciting thing is there's still a lot more room for improvement. So thank you for being on the call, and have a good summer. And we'll talk to you soon. And with that, operator, we'll close things off.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Kolstrom Thomas J. Lynch - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert W. Hau - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ruplu Bhattacharya Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James F. Hillier - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Keith Kolstrom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Keith Kolstrom: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's second quarter 2013 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. [Operator Instructions] Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 3. I'm pleased with our overall performance in this quarter. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.76 was a record for the second quarter and $0.06 above the midpoint of our guidance. Sales of $3.27 billion were in line with expectations. Adjusted OI margin of 13.6% was up 60 basis points versus the prior year and up 120 basis points sequentially. We generated $353 million of free cash flow and during the quarter returned $319 million of capital to shareholders through dividends of $88 million and share repurchases of $231 million, giving us a total share repurchase of about $409 million in the first half. The strong OI performance -- OI margin performance is another step towards delivering 15% margins at the $15 billion revenue level. Our favorable earnings performance was due to higher revenue and strong margin results in our Transportation segment and continued productivity and momentum across the company. Orders were $3.4 billion in the quarter, up 4% versus the prior year and up 9% sequentially. Book-to-bill, excluding SubCom, was 1.06 and was above 1 in all 4 of our segments. This is a reference point, book-to-bill in our first quarter was 1.02. The economy does continue to send mixed signals, but based on our order trends, we continue to expect a strong second half due to the normal seasonal pickup, improvements in the industrial and telecom markets and strong productivity performance. For the full year, we expect adjusted earnings per share of $3.10 to $3.22 on sales of $13.075 billion to $13.375 billion. Earnings per share was up slightly from our guidance last quarter. The outlook in our Transportation segment has strengthened. It's more than offsetting foreign exchange headwinds and a reduced outlook in our networks business in the second half compared to the prior forecast. Please turn to Slide 4. Total company sales of $3.27 billion were in line with our expectations, as I previously mentioned. On a geographic basis, sales in the Americas were up 5%, excluding SubCom, due to another quarter of strong U.S. automotive demand and the Deutsche acquisition. This more than offset continued softness in networks and industrial. In Europe, sales were up 2%, again due to the Deutsche acquisition, which more than offset the weakness in those markets in our industrial networks markets. Our automotive sales in Europe were down about 1% versus the prior year on a decline in European auto production. Asia sales were down slightly in the quarter. Growth in China and Korea was more than offset by weakness in Japan. Strong performance in our Transportation segment and the addition of Deutsche more than offset weaker networks revenue and foreign exchange headwind. Please turn to Slide 5, and I'll provide some highlights of our segment performance. We had another very strong quarter in our Transportation segment. Sales were up 9% and adjusted operating income was up 31% due to increased organic revenue, the addition of Deutsche and very strong operating performance. The strong performance was in spite of a slight decline in global vehicle production around the world. On a regional basis, vehicle production remained strong in North America and it's picking up again in China. This offset weakness in Europe and Japan. Another important development was an increase in demand for industrial and commercial vehicles, primarily driven by demand for heavy trucks in the U.S. and China. The Deutsche acquisition is serving us very well in these markets. We expect continued strong results in the second half, with quarterly results similar to the Q2 levels. Please turn to Slide 6. Results on our network segment were down 11% versus the prior year, down 8% excluding the SubCom business, which is very soft right now. This resulted in about a $30 million decline in operating income. Demand across our networks businesses continues to be slower than we anticipated. We are seeing additional project activity in our telecom and SubCom businesses and feel we are well positioned to capitalize on these when these projects come into force. We have reduced our second half outlook in this segment, but do expect to improve our adjusted operating margin to the high single digit range exiting the year. Please turn to Slide 7. Revenue in the industrial segment was up 4%, in line with expectations, as the addition of Deutsche and continued strength in commercial aerospace and oil and gas markets offset weak demand in the industrial equipment and energy market. Organically, sales were down 7%, as expected. Adjusted operating margins were up 170 basis points sequentially, but below prior levels due to the decline in organic sales. Orders were up 10% sequentially, and we continue to expect sequential sales and margin improvement over the balance of the year. Now please turn to Slide 8. Sales on our consumer segment were down 7% from the prior year, largely in line with our outlook. Weakness in the PC market, still our largest devices market and a slow but gradually improving appliance market more than offset our improving position in tablets and smartphones. We do continue to be very selective about the projects we are going after in the consumer markets. In addition, we are seeing some delays in customer programs, and as result, we have reduced our second half outlook in this segment. Despite the sales decline, we continue to improve profitability in this segment and expect adjusted operating margins to be around 10% as we exit the fiscal year. Now I'll turn it over to Bob, who will cover the financials in more detail.
Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings, which start on Slide 9. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $359 million, which includes restructuring charges of $78 million and Deutsche acquisition-related charges of $6 million. We now expect a total of approximately $275 million of restructuring charges for the full year, an increase of about $50 million versus prior guidance. We are increasing our restructuring spending in 2013 and expect a substantial reduction on our level of restructuring actions next year. Our adjusted operating income was $443 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 13.6%, up 60 basis points from Q2 last year. Our adjusted EPS was $0.76 and GAAP EPS were $0.66 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.13 of restructuring and other charges and $0.01 of acquisition-related charges, partially offset by $0.03 of income-related tax items. The tax income was primarily associated with the expiration of statutes of limitations related to non-U.S. tax audit periods. Turning to Slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 32.2%. This is an 80-basis-point increase versus the prior year on relatively flat sales as a result of continued progress on our TEOA programs that's driving increased productivity and cost reductions. As you know, TEOA is our version of lean and is delivering results across the business. Total OpEx spending was $609 million in the quarter, up slightly versus the prior year. Increased expenses related to the addition of Deutsche were mostly offset by cost reduction and productivity initiatives. The right side of the slide details items on the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $30 million in the second quarter, and I expect approximately $32 million of expense per quarter for the remainder of the year. Adjusted other income, which relates to our tax-sharing agreement, was $8 million, in line with guidance. The adjusted effective tax rate was 23%, which was at the low end of our guidance of 23% to 24%. And for the remainder of the year, I expect other income of about $8 million per quarter and the tax rate to be 23% to 24%. Turning to Slide 11, I'll discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash flow from continuing operations was $446 million, and our free cash flow in Q2 was $353 million. We continue to expect free cash flow to approximate net income going forward. Capital spending during the quarter was $125 million or about 4% of sales. This is consistent with our anticipated spending rate of approximately 4% to 5% of sales going forward. Receivable days outstanding were 61 days and inventory days on hand were 71 days. We work to reduce working capital levels following the Deutsche acquisition, and they are now in line with our expectations. Now let me discuss sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow shown on the right side of the slide. We began the quarter with $1 billion of cash and ended the quarter with about $1.1 billion. During the quarter, we returned a total of $319 million to shareholders, we paid dividends of $88 million and repurchased about 5.7 million shares for $231 million. The cash flow statement shows a lower dollar amount for share repurchases due to a timing of difference on actual payment of funds. Beginning in the June quarter, dividend paid increased by approximately 19% to an annualized rate of $1 per share. We continue to expect additional share repurchases of $150 million to $250 million per quarter for the remainder of fiscal 2013. Outstanding debt was $3 billion at the end of the quarter, and we expect similar levels for the remainder of the fiscal year 2013. Now I'll turn it back to Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to Slide 12. Orders were up 9% versus the first quarter, and our book to bill was 1.06, excluding Subsea. All segments had a positive book to bill, as I mentioned earlier. And in the Transportation, industrial and network segments, orders were all up about 10% sequentially or more. Although, as I mentioned, networks -- the increase in networks was lower than expected. Orders were down slightly in Consumer. Please turn to Slide 13. Based on our order trends, we expect revenue in Q3 to be in the $3.325 billion to $3.425 billion range, and adjusted EPS in the $0.80 to $0.84 range. We expect adjusted EPS to be up approximately 4% versus the prior year due to improved productivity, cost reduction and our share repurchase program. Revenue is expected to be up sequentially, with growth in all segments. Versus the prior year, revenue will be down about 4% as weaker demand in networks and Consumer, coupled with the weaker euro and yen more than offsets growth in our Transportation segment. Please turn to Slide 14. For the full year, we expect sales in the range of $13.075 billion to $13.375 billion, and adjusted EPS of $3.10 to $3.22. As I mentioned earlier, our adjusted EPS outlook is up slightly at the midpoint compared to what we guided last quarter, primarily due to our strong Q2 performance. This, coupled with continued strong performance in our Transportation business, is more than offsetting foreign exchange headwinds to about $0.05 per share in the second half and a reduced outlook in our networks and Consumer businesses. This full year outlook represents a strong improvement sequentially in the second half, as adjusted EPS versus the first half will be up in the range of 28% -- 20% to 28%. This is driven due to the sales increase of 4% to 9%, improved productivity and reduced share count. Let me make a few comments about the range and put it in perspective. The midpoint scenario assumes revenue about flat with the prior year, with a modest economic pickup beginning in the second half and adjusted EPS growth of approximately 10% overall. The high end of the range would be a 1% sales increase, driven largely by a stronger recovery in the second half, particularly in our industrial and networks business. Adjusted EPS growth would then be about 13%. At the low end, revenue would be down about 2%, and we would expect to generate about 8% adjusted EPS growth for the year as a result of productivity improvements and the benefit of share repurchases. In summary, we had a strong Q2 and expect to deliver a strong second half, with second half adjusted operating margins above 14%. And for the year, we expect to deliver adjusted EPS up 10% versus the prior year. Our key assumptions for the second half: Global auto production expected to be up slightly in the second half, and Industrial Transportation demand increasing, particularly in the heavy truck area, the trend we're already seeing. Networks and Industrial demand -- Industrial Equipment demand is improving versus the first half level, but it still does remain slightly below last year's second half. SubCom revenue is expected to be up about 100 -- up to $100 million in Q3, that's an absolute level of $100 million in Q3 and return to about $125 million in Q4. In Q2, we ran $80 million, which is a low point in many years. And we expect continued margin improvement to our -- due to our lean programs and the acceleration of our cost improvement actions. And as I mentioned, we expect to deliver 14% plus operating margin in the second half. For the full year, we expect free cash flow of about $1.3 billion. And as we pointed out last quarter, we expect to return in excess of $1 billion of capital to shareholders. So with that, can we please open it up for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: This is Ruplu filling in for Wamsi today. Just wanted to start by asking you about the Transportation segment margins, very good performance. Just wondering, was that more seasonal, maybe because of commercial vehicle market picking up? And how do you see that progressing as we go forward in the second half of the year?
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Ruplu, a couple of things. Not so much seasonal, but I would say the pickup in commercial vehicles, that which, as you recall, really was soft last year, especially in the second half, has nice leverage on the margins. And the Deutsche business that we brought in has very strong margins. They're very highly engineered products that operate in very difficult environments, and they do command nice margins. So that's the biggest thing, as well as just continued strong execution. And with the 3% organic growth in the light vehicle, bringing that flow through to the bottom line.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. And just looking at the book-to-bill numbers, I mean, they're again very strong. How have they trended so far in this quarter, in the third quarter?
Thomas J. Lynch: The trend is continuing to be about that level through the first 3 weeks of April. So continuing what we saw build through the second quarter so far.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: And the last one for me, Bob, I think you mentioned the $50 million more in restructuring. I was just wondering if you could give some more details on which segments that this is targeting and when do you expect to see the benefits from that?
Robert W. Hau: Yes, the -- as far as the targeted segment, consistent with what we've seen really in the first half of the year, networks in particular, but also industrial and commercial -- or excuse me, Consumer, a little bit less obviously in our Transportation segment. In terms of benefit, we had indicated about $85 million of run rate benefit in 2015 from the $225 million. That number is now closer to about $100 million given the increased activity in that this year.
Operator: And we'll go to Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 questions for me. One, maybe just from a back to the Transportation side, the margin performance you guys had this quarter was at an all-time high, I believe. Maybe could you just talk about how sustainable that level is if revenues remain flattish? And then in addition, if you look at the European production data, it's been a lot more robust or declining at least less than what the registration numbers have suggested. So do you think that, that could end up in resulting in a more severe back half than what you guys are forecasting, assumptions being there might be an inventory build there? So just any thoughts on that would be helpful as well.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. Regarding the Transportation margin, the Industrial and Commercial vehicle, because of the Deutsche acquisition, is a bigger part of that business now. So we basically doubled the size of our industrial commercial business with that acquisition, and those margins are higher than the segment average. So that's giving us nice leverage, which we expected. And we've improved those margins. We're actually running them slightly ahead on the cost synergies that were the goals that we set out when we did that acquisition. So that's helping. Regarding the European registration, a significant part of the Northern European auto production is exported. So the strength in the U.S. and China, you're going to look at those OEMs and their revenues aren't going to track exactly to the European registration for that reason. And most of the decline -- the severe decline is in the South. So we think we've got this all reflected in our outlook. And our second half is really -- I think I touched on, we continue to expect the U.S. market to be solid. China, after a slowdown last year, is picking up, we saw that in the first 2 quarters. And we continue to expect Europe to be soft.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. That's really helpful. And then if I just look at the fiscal year guidance, I want to just make sure I understand this, you're basically lowering your full year revenues by $275 million or so, which you had 90 days ago. But it looks like about $165 million of that is really FX driven. Should we be talking about what the rest of that $110 million downtick is driven by? And then if my math is right, versus the 90-day guide that you had, that $165 million is a $0.04, $0.05 EPS hit, which means had you not had FX, you actually could have raised the midpoint by $0.06 rather than $0.01, is that accurate?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, yes and yes. I think you got the numbers right quickly. And as far as of the rest of the revenue decline, it's mostly in networks. SubCom continues to be slow. We are seeing -- we're seeing the seasonal pickup but we're not seeing it as much as we expected, I would say, in any of our networks businesses. So second half will be better than first half. Orders picked up, as I mentioned, in the second quarter versus the first quarter, but not as robust as we had originally. I think when you dig inside things, both SubCom and telecom have a lot of project activity, which is encouraging. I'd be a little more concerned if the project activity was light. But we are seeing activity, so we think that bodes well although it's been hard to call the timing.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Just quick clarifications and 2 actual questions. First off, on the $100 million of savings, is that a '15 run rate as you said, or is that '14?
Thomas J. Lynch: That's a 2015 run rate.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, perfect. And then the 2 questions. Just on distribution, I guess, are you seeing acceleration in that business? And is it accelerating at the same rate as kind of the overall orders or a little bit better? And then second on the networks business, typically when you see project activity build, how long does it take before you actually see that turn into actual revenues?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, so on the distribution, we are seeing the book-to-bill is pretty consistent with our overall book-to-bill of 1.06 in the quarter, so we've seen that pickup pretty broad based across the world, which is encouraging, knock on wood. On the networks project business, it is hard to call. In SubCom, it's really hard to call because you can -- especially in the last 1.5 years, we've been selected for projects. We haven't -- it's not in our backlog, because until you actually sign up and signed the contract, but we've been selected, but in many cases, the projects haven't started yet. So they can take longer. I'd say, typically in the telecom business, the majority of these are accelerated builds. There are some -- there are -- the encouraging thing as well is there's some new fiber-to-the-home builds throughout the world. So I'd expect those to start showing up in revenue early next year.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Is it broadly geographic or is it Euro-centric or U.S.-centric?
Thomas J. Lynch: I'd say, in the U.S., it's kind of continuation of fiber is pretty well established, although it's not -- still not that deep in the network other than one of the carriers. So it's, I'd say, add-on business in the U.S. In Latin America, Middle East and Asia, it's new projects. And in Europe, it's continuation of all projects. But it's pretty sporadic in Europe. I would say Europe is still soft. There's a few carriers that are accelerating, but overall, it's soft.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was hoping maybe you could start just more broadly on inventory levels across the supply chain. I know you touched a little bit on automotive and distribution, but just maybe holistically, how do you feel about customer inventory levels?
Thomas J. Lynch: Generally, pretty good. Again, I think after what happened 3 or 4 years ago to everybody in the supply chain, everybody has been more cautious and gotten better at this. I know we feel like we have. Our connections with the customer, our planning processes, our double checking, triple checking is much more rigorous than it was before. So in general, and I've spent a lot of time in the last quarter on the road with our customers and our distribution partners, and that's one of the first questions we talk about. I would say it doesn't feel like there's any kind of inventory issues.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. As a follow-up question, can you help us understand or remind us, what it was that you guys did that enabled you to increase your design win activity in the mobile segment as some of the larger OEMs, and then what the new outlook is on timing for some of those new programs to ramp?
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say a couple of things. One, we're starting from a low base, to be frank, so winning a few more awards is better than we were. The big thing is we put new focus and new leadership in the business about 18 months ago that had a lot of experience in that space. And that's helped us on our speed-to-market. I felt -- I feel like we've always had good products, but we haven't always been great in the speed side of it, so that's improved. As I mentioned, we are being selective there, we're trying to really focus where we bring some technology to the customer and not focusing on the more commoditized side of the business.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe just to follow up a little bit on that. I mean, how much of the full year change to your revenue were some of these new programs outside of the FX part? And then do you guys have good visibility on when some of these new programs could ramp?
Thomas J. Lynch: It's a couple of programs. It's really no more than that and one that we didn't do and one that pushed out. So there's no -- there's not really a substantial change, it's not like a dramatic change in the number of programs in our pipeline. It's really a couple.
Robert W. Hau: Mark, we do get a typical seasonal lift into the second half of the year, particularly around the consumer devices element of the Consumer segment, which we have baked into our guidance.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the full year guidance. Looking at your guidance for the June quarter and then full year on a revenue basis, it looks like September is going to be sort of flattish to up a little bit sequentially, which is seasonal. Yet to get to your full year EPS guidance, it looks like you're going to see fairly significant margin expansion with strong EPS growth on a sequential basis. So where is that coming from? Is that a mix issue, do you expect cost to come out through this cost-cutting program. Just trying to reconcile the difference there.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. No, I think it's really 4 main areas. You could call it mix, I'd say it's strength of our Transportation business, particularly in this commercial vehicle, which is one of our strongest margin businesses, so that's one. It is continued productivity. And Bob mentioned the program that we call TEOA, which is our version of lean, is really, really starting to deliver results for us. You'll see it in the P&L and in productivity, but it's on-time delivery, it's quality. So that, our productivity levels are up nicely from where they were even 1 year ago. There are the benefits of the early stages of the restructuring just starting to kick in. And as Bob mentioned, we're doing it faster, we're trying to get it behind us and doing it faster. And then the benefits of the strong cash flow that we're primarily using for -- in return of capital to shareholders and shows up in the lower share count.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what's the assumption on share count for the June quarter with your guidance?
Robert W. Hau: We're planning roughly $150 million to $250 million per quarter on share repurchase. We did a little more than that in Q2. We closed out the quarter on an average fully diluted at, what, about 4.25 million shares, it will go down 2 million or 3 million per quarter for the balance of the year.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just lastly, we've seen gold come down and copper has been down in terms of pricing, when do you expect to see that favorably impact your margins?
Thomas J. Lynch: We'll see a little bit of a tailwind in the second half. But as you know, we hedge quite a bit, so we won't get the full benefit if it stays down until -- you really won't start to see that until next year. But year-over-year, we've got a little benefit. It's not a lot.
Operator: We have a question for the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Kevin LaBuz on behalf of Sherri. Taking a step back and looking at last year, you're expecting to see demand improve in the back half of the year and it turns out that didn't materialize. Just now fast forwarding to this year, wondering what gives you more confidence in seeing that growth come about or the improved demand in the back half of the year?
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. Well, we usually get a little bit of a lift sequentially. So we feel pretty confident about that. I'd say the main thing is the order rates in Q1 and Q2. So we're 4% year-over-year, and as I mentioned, that's continuing and even a little bit better than that in the first 3 weeks of April. So that gives us a lot of confidence around Q3 and early to Q4. I think the question, it's really a kind of a Q4 question in a way. If this order rate continues where we are, things will be good. And to your point, the economy, I think, in general, kind of plateau-ed and softened a little bit in the summer last year and that's affected our fourth quarter. So we feel more confident at this point because of the way the order rates are running year-over-year and what our channel partners are saying, what our customers are saying. But we've got to see it continue this way through this quarter. The order rates continue strong through this quarter and into the early -- the very beginning of the fourth quarter.
Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right, that's helpful. And just looking at the distribution channel, have you seen any signs of restocking there?
Thomas J. Lynch: I don't know but -- maybe a little bit. I think it's really tracking demand, though. Frankly, because I think everybody is being careful about restocking in advance in light of the last 2 or 3 years where strong Q2, early Q3 momentum and then things petered out a bit. So I would say a little bit of restocking, but nothing else significant. It just feels like responding to customer and demand more than anything else.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you just take a step back and think about, as you run the business, kind of longer-term, help us understand kind of the organic true company in a normal environment sales growth opportunities for TE Connectivity? Maybe break it down into some of the major material components, such as content growth, what we -- you think over the long term will happen, unit growth maybe from automobiles. And then are ASP declines embedded in your content growth or then do we kind of deduct some type of ASP declines? And really how we should think about organically growing the company and maybe hopefully someday we get back to a more normalized environment.
Thomas J. Lynch: Great question. Yes we think about this all the time. It's -- thinking ways in the last 5 years, it's hard to call any kind of trend, but if you look over the long historical trend around our connector business, which is about 75% of our business, you -- that's in the 5% to 6% range over a long trend, that hasn't been that high over the last 5 years. So of that -- so I would say 5% to 6% is probably the long-term trend when we look at the continued growth of electronics. And that really is about probably 8% volume, unit volume growth on average -- or maybe, yes, 6% unit volume growth rather, 2% price erosion, 2% to 3% content growth, in those ranges, plus or minus 1%. And it really is kind of market by market as well. That's the way we would build it up. So -- but historically, the industry has grown in that 5% to 6% range.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
James F. Hillier - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Jim Hillier for Amitabh. In the Network Solutions business, if I look at this on a sequential basis, it looks like the operating margin showed a sequential drop with only a modest change in revenues quarter-over-quarter. Could you discuss the factors behind the margin softness and what's giving you the confidence that operating margins can improve to the high single-digit range exiting the year?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, the slight margin erosion -- well, the margin is really low. I mean -- and it's primarily due to overall compared to where we've run in prior years, the volume being way down. SubCom is essentially breakeven right now, a little bit above that. So we believe that's at the low end of the cycle. So the improvement from the rate we're at, picking up 200 to 300 basis point over the next 2 quarters is first and foremost volume driven, most of which I would say is seasonal related, a little bit of project related. And secondly, the actions that Bob described, the actions we've been doing to -- in light of it being down longer than we thought, taking additional costs out to sure up sort of the baseline margin level. So it's a combination of those 2 things.
James F. Hillier - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then as a follow-up on Networking Solutions, if you could talk about your broader expectations for telecom and IT spending in the back half of the fiscal year, that would be helpful as well.
Thomas J. Lynch: For the back half -- well, for the back half of our year, which would -- is the -- ends in September 30, I think we feel more -- a little bit of a pickup on SubCom because of projects coming into force. So $80 million in the second quarter and getting back to the $100 million to $125 million kind of run rate at the end of the year. Telecom picking up, mostly seasonal, but a few projects ticking in. And then I'd say our enterprise and datacomm business flattish over the next 2 quarters. So it's really driven more by telecom and SubCom. So spending in those areas.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: You'd previously talked about the National Broadband Network contribution to the network segment growth this year. Has that also gotten pushed out or can you give us an update there?
Thomas J. Lynch: NBN ramped up in the quarter. In fact I was down there about 1.5 months ago and they're going aggressively. So I would say we're kind of at the run rate we expect to be over the next few quarters. So the big nice jump up in Q1 and Q2, and it's probably going to continue to run at that level for a couple of quarters as really just deploying the resources to accelerate that. So yes, we're well positioned there, we're shipping product, it's materializing. It's been -- it's taking a little longer than I think the original plan, but not unusual with a project of this magnitude. But it's real and we're shipping. It's one of the largest projects we have done.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. And of the roughly, I think you said $2.2 billion is China sales you had last year. Can you talk about how much of that is related to automotive and what you saw there in the quarter and what you're outlook is? I think China luxury vehicles are pretty strong in the first quarter.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, we had a 20% growth in our China automotive business in the first quarter. We have a real strong position across every level of the market in China. And automotive is about 1/3 of our total revenue that we do in China, and we're pretty well spread out across our other businesses in China as well. It's the biggest local business per se, meaning that the products are all consumed in China, there's really no export in that. About 2/3 of our other business ends up in products that get exported. Well thanks, everyone, appreciate your time today. Just kind of just to reiterate, we really do feel good about this quarter. I think the operating leverage of the company continues to get better. The cash flow continues to be strong. The integration of Deutsche has gone very well. We're really pleased with the people mostly and the products. And I think we're adding a lot to the value proposition that Deutsch already had. We are looking for a nice pickup in the second half of the year, the current order rates are right in line with that. And I think importantly, at those revenue levels, expect to generate around 14%. And as I mentioned, we're definitely on track to do between dividend and share repurchase about $1 billion of capital return to shareholders. So thank you very much, and talk to in a quarter or if not before.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T Executive TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-01-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Keith Kolstrom  VP, IR Tom Lynch  CEO Bob Hau  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research Sherri Scribner  Deutsche Bank Steven Fox  Cross Research Amitabh Passi  UBS Matt Sheerin  Stifel Nicolaus Jim Suva  Citi Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Mike Wood  Macquarie 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity Quarter One Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Keith Kolstrom. Please go ahead, sir.
Keith Kolstrom: Thanks. Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivitys first quarter 2013 results. With me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in todays press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of todays call, I would like to remind everyone to please limit themselves to one follow-up question. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. If you could please turn to slide three and well get started. First quarter results were in line with our expectations, as strong margin performance offset slightly weaker than expected sales, particularly in our Network segment. Orders were up 3% versus prior year to $3.1 billion and strengthened through the quarter in most of our businesses, primarily due to improved economic conditions in the U.S. and China. And excluding SubCom, our book-to-bill for the quarter was 1.02, which compares to about a 0.98 last year. We also had another strong free cash flow quarter generating $304 million. And of that, returned $267 million to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase of approximately 5 million shares. We expect to return over 1 billion to shareholders for the full year as we also indicated on our prior call. Im encouraged by the order trends, also encouraged by our strong execution on productivity and the traction were making on the cost reduction programs we announced last quarter. And as a result, we do expect increased sales and earnings in the second quarter and we expect to deliver a strong second half. Please turn to slide four. Total company sales of $3.13 billion were down 1% versus the prior year and down 4% on an organic basis. Currency translation negatively impacted year-on-year growth by $43 million and the Deutsch acquisition contributed $148 million in revenue. Versus the prior-year, revenue in our Transportation and Industrial segments were up low single-digits due to the addition of Deutsch. The Network and Consumer segment declined in the quarter. The Network decline represents a continuation of weak CapEx spending and many segments of the broadband network. Consumer was down slightly due to weak PC demand, more than offsetting our improving position in tablets and smartphones. By region, compared to the prior year, revenues were up 4% in the Americas, down 2% in Europe, and down 5% in Asia. Within Asia, China was up about 4%. However, the rest of Asia was down primarily due to weakness in Japan. Please turn to slide five and Ill provide some highlights of our segment performance. Transportation had another strong quarter of performance with sales up 3% and adjusted operating income up 10%. Overall, global light vehicle production was up slightly versus the prior year with growth in the U.S. and China offsetting declines in Europe and Japan. Commercial vehicle production continued to be soft in Q1, but orders have strengthened early in the current quarter, and we expect sales in this segment to continue to grow in Q2. Please turn to slide six. Revenues and adjusted operating income in our Network business were down 8% versus the prior year. As I mentioned earlier, the market for broadband network equipment, particularly in the wireline portion of the market, continues to be soft. And we dont expect to see this improvement till late in the second half. Project activity in the SubCom business remains robust, but the funding continues to be slow. And we actually expect this business to bottom in the second quarter. So we have a strong pipeline, but projects coming into force have been slow. With respect to the Network segment overall, I still continue to be bullish despite the fact that were in this pretty extended lull in demand on the wireline side. The underlying trends would say that the network has to continue to be built out with small base stations coming and the need to drive fiber close to the home to get the data rate that consumers and businesses demand. We think the market will be coming back. Its been hard to call the timing, but well still remain bullish on the underlying market trends. Now during this lull, weve been pretty aggressive, as we mentioned last quarter, in taking costs out. So much like we did in automotive in the downturn, were positioned in this business for a really strong rebound in sales and earnings growth as demand picks up. Please turn to slide seven. Revenue in the Industrial segment was up 2% as the Deutsch acquisition offset continued weak demand in the industrial equipment and solar markets. Adjusted operating margins up 12%, were down as expected due to the low sales level. Based on normal seasonality and improving order trends, we expect steady sales and margin improvement over the balance of the year. And we expect our margin in this segment to be up several points by the end of the year. Please turn to slide eight. Sales in our Consumer segment were down 4% versus the prior year, with adjusted operating margins up 300 basis points and adjusted operating income up 32%. Were finally beginning to see the results of our efforts in tablets and smartphones, and getting increased number of designing with the important customers in this segment. However, this growth was offset by general weakness in the PC market, which is still a large portion of our Consumer Devices business. Adjusted margins improved in this segment over the prior year, primarily as a result of improved productivity and cost reduction actions. Now, let me turn it over to Bob, whos to going to cover the financials in more detail.
Bob Hau: Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings, which start on slide nine. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $293 million, which includes restructuring charges of $92 million and Deutsch acquisition-related charges of $5 million. Adjusted operating income was $390 million with an adjusted operating margin of 12.4%, up 30 basis points from Q1 last year. GAAP and adjusted EPS were $0.65 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.15 of restructuring and other charges, and $0.01 of acquisition-related charges, offset by $0.16 of income related to tax items. The tax income was primarily related to the settlement of an audit of prior year tax returns as we continue to make progress on resolving our pre separation shared tax liabilities. Please turn to slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 31.6%. Despite sales that were slightly lower than expected, both gross and operating margins were above our outlook for the quarter as a result of increased productivity and rigorous cost and spending controls. Total OpEx spending was $599 million in the quarter. And this was up about 7% versus the prior year largely due to the addition of Deutsch. The right side of the slide details items in the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $33 million for the first quarter, about flat versus the prior year. I expect approximately $32 million of expense per quarter for the remainder of the year. Adjusted other income, which relates to our tax-sharing agreement, was $5 million versus our outlook of $9 million. On a GAAP basis, taxes were a benefit in the quarter, due primarily to the settlement of an audit of prior year tax returns as I mentioned earlier. The adjusted effective tax rate was 23%, slightly lower than the 24% to 25% guidance. Both adjusted other income and adjusted tax expense were lower, and the net effect was no impact to EPS compared to guidance. For the remainder of the year, I expect other income of about $8 million per quarter and tax rate of 23% to 24%, which is slightly lower than what we guided last quarter. Please turn to slide 11. Cash from continuing operations was $393 million. Our free cash flow in Q1 was a very strong $304 million. This was a very good start to the fiscal year as free cash flow is typically the lowest in the first quarter. We continue to expect free cash flow to approximate net income going forward. Capital spending during the quarter was $124 million or about 4% of sales. This is consistent with historic levels of approximately 4% to 5% of sales. Working capital levels are in line with our expectations. Receivable days outstanding were 63 days and inventory days on hand were 74 days, both up slightly versus the prior year primarily due to the addition of Deutsch. Our businesses continue to do a very good job managing working capital. Now, let me discuss the sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow shown on the right side of the slide. We began the quarter with $1.6 billion of cash and ended the quarter with about $1 billion. During the quarter, we returned a total of $267 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $89 million and repurchased 5 million shares for $178 million. The cash flow statement shows a slightly lower dollar amount for share repurchases due to the timing difference on actual payment of funds. We continue to expect additional share repurchases of $150 million to $250 million per quarter in fiscal 2013. Outstanding debt was $3 billion at the end of the quarter. As I have discussed on last quarters earnings call, debt was reduced by approximately $700 million in early October with the pay off of notes that had matured. We expect debt levels to remain at approximately $3 billion for fiscal 2013. And finally, on December 26, Standard & Poors raised the credit rating on TE from BBB to BBB+ with a stable outlook based on our stronger performance. Now, Ill turn it back to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to slide 12. We are beginning to see some positive signs in the U.S. and China as order strengthened during the quarter. I mentioned this earlier. And this momentum has continued into January, the first three weeks of January. All segments except Network had a positive book-to-bill in the quarter. And our overall book-to-bill was 1.02 excluding SubCom. As a result, we are a little more optimistic that we will see continued demand improvement as the year progresses. Please turn to slide 13. Based on the order trends, we expect revenue in Q2 to be in the $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion range and adjusted EPS in the $0.68 to $0.72 range. At the midpoint, revenue would be about flat versus the prior year with EPS up 3% and adjusted operating margins would be between 12.5% and 13%. We expect approximately $100 million of restructuring charges in the second quarter as we are accelerating our cost improvement actions. On a year-over-year basis, revenues in the Transportation segment would be up about 5% primarily due to the addition of Deutsch, as growth in automotive is offset by a weaker demand for industrial and commercial vehicles. Networks will be down about 8% primarily due to weakness in SubCom. Please turn to slide 14. For the full year, we expect sales in the range of $13.3 billion to $13.7 billion and adjusted EPS of $3.05 to $3.25. And the midpoint of $3.15 is consistent with our prior guidance on lower sales of about $200 million. At the midpoint of this guidance, adjusted EPS would be up about 10% on revenue growth of about 2%. We expect the total of approximately $225 million of restructuring charges for the full year. And this is an increase of $25 million versus prior guidance as we plan to accelerate several actions in response to the current slow environment. We do expect stronger than normal earnings improvement in the second half and Ill highlight the key reasons for that. Global auto production is expected to improve slightly in the second half compared to the first half. We are expecting a modest pickup in Network and Industrial Solutions demand relative to the first half of the year, and slightly up versus the second half of last year, which is not very strong. We do expect SubCom revenues to return to the $125 million per quarter in the second half. And we have won the awards and now they need to go into force. And as I mentioned, the key there is getting the funding, but we believe were getting closer. Momentum in our Consumer Device business continues. We have a number of new products were launching that will go into the market in the second half. So thats another key milestone for us in this business contributing to the sales growth. And then were expecting a continuation of a slow but steady recovery in the industrial vehicle market. As I mentioned earlier, the orders in that market segment have been very strong over the last four to five weeks. And then last but certainly not least, we expect to continue the margin improvement due to our Lean programs and the accelerated cost improvement action. So, about half the revenue increase in the second half is seasonally related. The other third is were expecting stronger markets for automotive, commercial, aerospace, industrial. And then another third is we have some significant new product launches, particularly in our Consumer and Fiber businesses, Network businesses. And I think the key point is at the margin rate were delivering now, weve continued to improve operating leverage. So please turn to slide 15. Before we move to Q&A, I wanted to review the three scenarios I laid out for fiscal 2013 on the last call. And these scenarios really summarize how expect to perform at different sales levels, which I think is important to understand. To recap, at the low end scenario, revenue would be flat year-over-year and we expected to generate about 5% adjusted EPS growth as a result of productivity improvements and the benefit of share repurchases. The midpoint scenario assumed 3% sales growth with a modest economic pickup beginning in second half and adjusted EPS growth of approximately 10%. And at the high end of the range, a stronger recovery in the second half was assumed with sales growth of 5% and EPS growth of 15%. So, what happened in the first three months of the year, sales in the first quarter were slightly lower than expected. Margins were stronger due to the increasing impact of our productivity programs and cost and spending controls. Free cash flow continued to be very strong and it was in fact stronger than anticipated. And order rates did improve through the quarter in the vast majority of our businesses. So when we take that all in and all the data points in the macro world, these results in current order trends lead us to a view for the remainder of the year that anticipates revenue at the low to midpoint of prior guidance, and adjusted EPS at the midpoint. Revenue levels remains tough to predict in this environment. But on the positive side, weve got off to a great start with our productivity and cost reduction initiatives. And we expect to carry this through the balance of the year. We expect another strong year of cash flow and expect to return over $1 billion in capital to our shareholders this year. As Bob mentioned earlier, we continue to expect $150 million to $250 million of share repurchase a quarter in fiscal 2013. And in addition, our board has recommended a 19% increase in the dividend to $1 per year. This increase would be effective with the June quarter and is subject to shareholder approval at the March annual meeting. So again, I think the bottom line for us is our strong cash flow and improving operating leverage should enable us to deliver very attractive earnings growth even at a low sales growth rate. So with that, lets open it up for questions.
Operator: Of course. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. Just a question, I guess, on the Automotive segment. If you could maybe talk about the softness that you saw in the December quarter, specifically in EMEA. This was more demand driven or do you think theres an inventory correction thats occurring over there that could persist over the next couple of quarters especially related to dealer registered vehicles, if you may? Maybe if you could just talk about that part of the business and the inventory correction, thatll be helpful.
Tom Lynch: Sure. I think in the Automotive piece, its more demand-driven, Amit, to your point about the low new registrations. Thats offset a little bit by the fact that the high end, half the cars there are being exported to other parts of world. Where in China and the U.S. where the economies are picking up again, we didnt see too much inventory. I think inventory in auto chain, value chain or supply chain is in good shape. We did see some inventory corrections the last couple quarters in the industrial vehicle market. But now, were starting to see that turn around. So Id say thats how I would summarize it.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And so the expectation would be that that segment or that automotive in general should improve as you go forward through fiscal 2013, right, on a revenue basis?
Tom Lynch: Yes.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: And then as a follow up, if were just talking about the Industrial segment, can you just touch on the margin declines? You said it was fairly severe on a sequential and year-over-year basis. Maybe you could just talk about what happened there. And more importantly, the path to go back to 15% margin in that segment, is that going to be more revenue driven or do you think some of these cost takeout initiatives you have could help out that segment, especially in the back half of fiscal 2013? Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Okay. To answer the second part of your question first, itll be both revenue and cost, which the cost piece is well underway. The drop-off, thats in high margin items. I mean thats a business thats over 50% through the channel into the industrial equipment portion of our Industrial Solution segment. So that tends to be very high margin. But we are seeing signs that the channels starting to replenish. We need to see a little more of that before well move from cautiously optimistic to bullish. But it has a, I guess you could use the word mix to describe it. Its just high margin business that dropped off. And then coupled with the solar business that was twice the size it is today a year ago because of everything that went on with the shift to China and then the ultimate significant collapse of the business. But Im pretty confident of our ability to drive the margins back up to near company average or company goal over the next four or five quarters.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Hi. I wanted to focus in on, I guess, the cost profile, both the savings generated this quarter from raw materials and efficiency gains and kind of what you have left there. And then also, the accelerated restructuring program at $225 million this year, what does that mean for restructuring savings for fiscal 2013?
Tom Lynch: Shawn, I guess the second question, the $225 million restructuring, we begin to get a little bit at the end of the year. But most of this doesnt start to hit until next year, given the nature of plant realignment and shut down and things like that. So for example, weve announced about half of them already, which is where we spent the $100 million. Now, once you announce, we need to move equipment, transition it to the receiving plant. Then that will typically take some time of the year. So as we said last quarter, we didnt really expect to see too much benefit, maybe a little. I mean, were pushing and accelerating very hard and maybe get a little bit at the very tail end of the year.
Bob Hau: Shawn, the other aspect, you heard Tom say the restructuring charge for fiscal 2013 prior guidance was $200 million, now $225 million. So not only are we accelerating the actions we had already kind of laid out, but theres a slight increase in the restructuring charge and the actions were taking. That will translate into about $85 million worth of annual savings. We had previously said wed see $75 million of annual savings as we exited 2014, so full year benefit in 2015. That $75 million is now $85 million. So theres a higher return from the increased spending.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: In the raw material savings you saw this quarter, I mean, do you think youve eked out as much as you can from that or will you see more benefits as the year goes?
Tom Lynch: I think well see more benefit. That was a nice contribution to our gross margin. Its a program thats been  we call the war on material. Its been driven hard for several years here and it includes everything from upgrading the capabilities of the organization to how we design products to faster localizing of material sources. And over the last couple of quarters, all that have heavy lifting really started to come into fruition. So I would expect to continue to see this level of productivity through the balance of the year. And its one of the reasons why were optimistic about the ability to improve margins over the balance of the year.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: And then just as a follow up, Network Solutions, taking maybe a little more bearish view. If I exclude the Subsea business coming back in the second half and the broadband project, what gives you confidence that the business bounces back over the next 12 months to 18 months? I know youre taking more restructuring charges, but I just didnt get a good sense today that you have maybe a lot of confidence in that bouncing back.
Tom Lynch: I thought wed have more confidence by now. But its not quite where Id like to be to your point, Shawn. Were seeing signs. You need to go around the world. So in the emerging markets, theres still double-digit growth. Pockets of growth in Europe. I think the U.S. finally had a little bit of growth in the first quarter in our revenue, which says that some of the investment is moving back into the wireline. Really, a lot of spending has been around expanding capacity on existing towers and then just deploying LTE, of which we dont participate that much in our Network business. I think the next phase, which we thought would happen a little faster, I think is taking a little longer, which is pushing small base stations out and further near the home or the office because theyre not going to be building that many more towers. And those base stations, theres going to be a lot of fiber connectivity to that. And then, we believe  you see what some of the carriers around the world are doing. Theyre upping the bandwidth. Theyre providing to the home and it is a way to raise the price. So, we havent changed our view on the underlying thesis of this business, which is you got to have the bandwidth. And over time, that fiber is going to continue to get closer to home. But it has taken longer than we thought. So, we think a little bit of an uptick by late this year, but were not counting on anything. Not about, I wouldnt say its about. Its just sort of a gradual pickup. Thats our current projection.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri Scribner  Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thank you. I dont know if I missed it. But did you give the number of orders this quarter?
Bob Hau: I think we did.
Tom Lynch: We said that our book-to-bill was 1.02 for the quarter excluding SubCom.
Sherri Scribner  Deutsche Bank: But you didnt...
Bob Hau: And $3.1 billion.
Sherri Scribner  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just looking at the order rates, it seems like everything is improving with the exception of networking. Just wanted to get a sense of where you seeing improvements throughout the quarter and do you think youll see consistent improvements in orders as we move through the year in all the segments? Maybe a little more detail on the segment areas. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Yes. That is our current view that starting with Transportation, I mean, not big increases, because its running pretty strong right now, but a pickup. I think the industry is forecasting 1 million more cars queued first half, second half. So thats a little lift in the business first half and second half. We are seeing signs talking to our big OEM customers in the Industrial business and the distributors. Were seeing orders for distribution pickup. But I think once everybody got through sort of the first wave of January uncertainty in D.C., we did see orders pickup. So four out of our last six weeks, you take the two holiday weeks out, orders had a lot of  were pretty robust, which was more than in prior years at that time of the year because its going to be a pretty soft time. And often at times, its very hard to call. So then you go into the Consumer business. We definitely have nice momentum albeit were still small in tablets and smartphones. But we have more designs than we did last year at this time. Were executing them well. So those orders are picking up. PC is going down, but I would expect Consumer business will gradually ramp. The second half should be higher than the first half that we have some significant new products were launching there. The balance of industrial energy expected to be steady. Its been a little slow particularly in Europe, but staring to see signs that thats loosening up a little bit. And thats a very seasonal business. So as we go into  coming out of the second quarter and go into third quarter, our Telecom and Energy businesses pick up because theyre outside businesses. So there is a typical kick to that. So theres nothing thats probably the biggest jump from first half to second half at SubCom. We have all the awards. Its just those awards working through the funding. And of course, thats the business where we can jump the most. So I think its pretty balanced. With Networks showing the lowest growth, I think were not bearish, but were conservative, I hope.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox  Cross Research: Thank you. Good morning. Two questions. First of all on the Consumer segment. I believe you just did 9% margins in that segment, which is a nice recovery. Tom, given all the product shifts that you mentioned for the next few quarters, what does that imply for the Consumer margins going forward and where could they go, maybe longer term? And then secondly, you mentioned one-third of the second half recovery would be around new products. I was wondering if we could get some key examples of what youre referring to there. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Sure. We would expect Consumer had a nice pickup from, of course nowhere to go but up you could say, from this time last year to 9%. And really, well-run to get there launching new products and we mentioned before new team. Our expectation is to pick up another point or two in the operating margin through the year. So the target is at the end of the year in double-digits in this business. We believe when we model it  and it is in many ways the hardest to predict business because the cycles are the shortest. We do have a nice infrastructure in Asia to support this business. So its low cost infrastructure. Most of our leadership team is there. So were on the ground close to the customer. We believe this can be low double-digits, nice return on capital, nice earnings growth model. We would expect this business to grow, core organic growth to be higher than the other businesses, part of that because of the share and part of it the nature of the growth of smartphones and tablets, et cetera. So Id say the important thing for us in this business is to get double-digit margin by the end of the year.
Steven Fox  Cross Research: And then just on the new products?
Tom Lynch: The second part of your question was new products?
Steven Fox  Cross Research: Yes, just sort of examples of what you were referring to in terms of helping the second half?
Tom Lynch: You can imagine we cant get into too much. But look, were really focused on miniaturization in the connector space. So high speed, really high speed, high performing, high reliable cables and then flexible antennas, so that theyre design friendly for the device designer. So those are the three big things and we have new products coming in all those. Weve launched some new products in the first half as well. But we have another round of that coming in the second half that has some potentially higher revenue associated with it if we execute and the demand for the end products are there.
Steven Fox  Cross Research: Great, thats very helpful. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Sure.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Hi. Thank you. Bob, just a clarification. It looks like the implied EPS for the back half of the year is about $0.90 a quarter versus the $0.65 and $0.70 in the first half. You may have touched on this. Just curious how do you see that ramp in the back half and that seems like implied operating margins would be almost kind of in the mid 30%s?
Bob Hau: See, youre correct, about $0.90 per quarter in the back half. And thats really driven by a combination of the seasonal growth that we typically see an outsized portion of our earnings in the second half of the year, given the sales growth that we see driven by seasonality plus the new products that Tom talked about. The other benefit we have is in our cost reduction programs whether its our Lean efforts with the TEOA, TE Operating Advantage, our war on material that we talked about earlier in getting both raw and component, material costs down on a year-over-year basis. We continue to accelerate that. And of course, the accelerated restructuring as well as a slight increase in restructuring all benefit us as we enter the second half of the year.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Got it. And then just a follow up for you Tom, you touched on Network Solutions. You talked about the potential small cell opportunity. Weve also heard some updates from AT&T, Deutsche Telekom. Just wondering, what kind of visibility do you have into any sort of potential bills with these two large operators? And any sense of timing? Do you think theyre more a 2014 type event? Do you think you could see some benefit this year? Just some thoughts around at least some of the more publicly announced updates from some of the larger carriers.
Tom Lynch: Well, theres been definitely big announcements of total amounts of spending. And then you got at the doubles in the details where its going to be spent.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Correct.
Tom Lynch: I think for us, we would expect a slight increase in spending in the U.S. in our section of the network. And probably a little more than that in Germany, but it is a carrier by carrier. We really have to go carrier by carrier. Id say in the greenfield, building fiber quickly. In the U.S., it went through a significant investment in the sort of three to five years ago, pushing for the traditional telcos, pushing fiber and video on that fiber close to the home or to the home depending on the operator and then a lull there. But now, we see the pickup. And the carriers in the U.S. are talking about significantly increasing speeds. I think thats the best news for us because that puts the pressure on everybody else. And as you get to 200 megabits, 300 megabits, that people are talking about and even in some of these experimental systems, theyre being built at a gigabit, you really got to bring fiber right to the home. So I mean, were very bullish. Weve been off on the timing. Were adjusting the cost structure accordingly, but we continue to be bullish on that. It only takes a couple of these operators to really drive it deep because then they begin to deliver quite a different experience for the consumer. And it enabled a lot different experience. And so, that typically, based on my history in the cable industry, that typically will lead to everybody getting more aggressive. But all of our customer have to figure out their business model. And I think...
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Are there any regulatory hurdles that you think need to be cleared, both in Germany and the U.S., for deployments to accelerate?
Tom Lynch: I dont think anything significant now, not that Im aware of.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Youre welcome.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Just a question regarding the accelerated restructuring program, could you be more specific about the areas? I know you talked about Networking, Industrial, Consumer. Could you parse that out? And on the Networking business, is that where you taking the biggest cut? Because with the pressed revenue, even ex-Subsea, trying to figure out what revenue run rate you need to get to get back to double-digit operating margin?
Tom Lynch: As we laid out last time, Matt, it hasnt changed that much. We just found more. Lets say thats really the  were digging for every opportunity. And three more months went by and we identified another $25 million investment with a pretty good payback. And its going to be primarily in the Networks and Consumer. I think its fine-tuning in Industrial. Theres some difficult work there to get the footprint in order and rebalance. But fundamentally, those businesses are pretty healthy. And were pretty confident as the revenue comes back, we have significant operating leverage. But when you look at the margin levels of Consumer and Network, we needed to take a lot of cost out. And we found it and we think we can do it without really mortgaging the upside of revenue. So I think well run in, I believe, around 3.4% annual somewhere for that segment. We probably need to get, lets say, into the  3.2% rather. Were running about 3.2%. We probably need to get to 3.4%, 3.5% to get to the double-digit. I would expect at 3.6%, we should be somewhere in the 12% to 13% range. Theres a lot of leverage in the  its high gross margin business in Network. And itll be higher with the costs were taking out and the synergies that we continue to extract across all the businesses. And one of the reasons we put those four businesses together because they all basically are in the same industry and in many cases touching the same customers. So the goal was to become much more efficient than they were grouped in other segments.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. And on the use of cash, you talked about the dividend and buybacks, not much mentioned on acquisitions. I know in the last couple of quarters, youve talked about doing niche sort of tuck-in deals, nothing really big. Is that still part of the strategy and any specific areas where youre looking to fill voids?
Tom Lynch: We really havent changed our strategy. If you could find the right opportunity at the right price, we would like to be bigger in energy and industrial. Theyre really good businesses. They play to our strength, highly engineered, high quality, reliability, got to last the life of the piece of equipment. I mean thats what we do best. So we have a number of opportunities that were looking at. But theres nothing really even warm, I would say. And also to ourselves, we want to make sure we fully capitalize on Deutsch. I feel very good about the integration on that. So were careful. Lets get that under our belt and running well before we would do anything else. I mean, were looking and knocking though.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva  Citi: Thank you very much and congratulations to you and your team there at TE Connectivity. I have two questions. The first one is on the Networking. Can you talk to us a little bit more about your confidence in that? Like are there carriers giving you roadmaps for the small base stations? Because it just seems like the whole LTE upgrade cycle so far, you guys are not positioned to capture that. So are you actually getting firm orders from that or is that hypothetical which you foresee happening? It just seems like this segment continues to disappoint. And so, Im just trying to get the disconnect about why its not coming to fruition.
Tom Lynch: I wouldnt use the work hypothetical, Jim. But I would say its still at the architecture stage. And so there isnt really much. Whats being deployed thats called small base stations today are these digital antenna systems. But thats not really what the carriers and the equipment providers are really thinking when they say small base stations. So, small base stations are on the drawing board, in test pilots in the field. But its not being deployed, I would say, yet.
Jim Suva  Citi: And whats typical timeline for deployment of that?
Tom Lynch: Well, I think when it starts, its going to be a long drawn out deployment because youre talking about really taking these base stations almost like cable amplifiers today. Now, you see, for every so many houses you have a green or brown box that has a cable amplifier in it. I mean thats almost what a small base station is. Its getting something to repower the  boost the signal close to your house. Today, the only thing you really have are the towers. And theyre running out of capacity with all the data thats going through them. And as you know that its not very easy to get a new tower built. But I would expect it to be a long deployment as small base stations get rolled out. I mean, as I said, what were selling right now and were seeing a little pickup is more the traditional backhaul, more up the  theres more fiber going up. The current towers and antennas, theyre switching off slowly from coax. So, theres changes in the network that way that were benefiting from. But I mean, the big one for us is when fiber to the home continues to pick up. And it is in different pockets around the world. Its just not broadly deployed and small base stations get deployed. Thats when we would expect to see a nice pop in our demand.
Jim Suva  Citi: Great. And then my follow-up question is on the operating margin. I believe you had kind of a goal of 15% and there were certain revenue metrics of when you thought youd hit that as well as the timeline of hitting that 15%. Can you just refresh my memory on that?
Tom Lynch: Sure, Jim. I think right now, we feel in the $15 billion revenue range down a little bit from what weve said. That part of the goal or the restructuring to accelerate that. And if we can do it faster, we will without upsetting the apple cart. But think about it as 15% in the $15 billion range. Six months ago, we were talking about $15 billion to $16 billion range. So were pulling that in.
Jim Suva  Citi: And then the timeline?
Tom Lynch: Well, if you to take our forecast, lets say, it would probably be sometime late next year youd start getting at a $15-million run rate.
Jim Suva  Citi: Thank you and congratulations to you and your team at TE Connectivity.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: We do have a question from line Anthony Kure with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Just a couple of quick questions. First, on the book-to-bill as it relates to the different segments specifically on the Consumer side. Can you just speak to  given the shorter cycle nature of Consumer products, does the first quarter book-to-bill reflect second quarter revenue only or is the order book here have a long review than the shorter cycle nature of Consumer products?
Tom Lynch: I would say, Anthony, generally it would reflect  its a good indicator of the quarter to come. We did see in Q1. And part of the reason we were a little down on sales because with this kind of book-to-bill, we would have expected to be in the sales range for Q1. So, what we did see was a little more scheduling out of orders. And it was almost a phenomenon of, look, I want to get in line. The customer is saying I want to get in line for the order, but I dont really necessarily want to take it in early January depending  could something, the fiscal cliff, et cetera. I think just that extra uncertainty and so trying to protect themselves. So that would explain to me a little bit of the book-to-bill. So the encouraging thing is in January, weve seen the book-to-bill get even stronger. So I think if it wouldve turned down, that would have said that would just a pushing out of orders. Were really at a different order rate and were not seeing that much for the second quarter. So Consumer itself, I would say, generally is indicative of the next quarter generally.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. So it doesnt reflect then the new products that are coming online in the second half?
Tom Lynch: Only the new  yes, not the new products in the second half, no. Theres no orders in for that.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. And then my follow-up is just on a little bit more on the Consumer. You mentioned obviously the puts and takes within the business itself, PC being weaker. Can you just remind us what the weighting is PC versus smartphone and tablets for that business?
Tom Lynch: Bob, take that out real quick here.
Bob Hau: PC is about 35% of the business. Mobile and tablet is about 45%. And then the remainder would be business equipment, those types of things.
Tom Lynch: And in business equipment, its everything from cameras to copiers to Nintendo and things like that.
Bob Hau: And those will be the percentages for the Consumer Devices business within the Consumer Solutions segment.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay, great. Thank you.
Bob Hau: Youre welcome.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Mike Wood  Macquarie: Hi. Good morning.
Tom Lynch: Good morning.
Mike Wood  Macquarie: The outperformance to global vehicle production that youre expecting for 2013, can you provide some color on your visibility to that and the main drivers whether its luxury vehicle outperformance or content growth?
Tom Lynch: Ill make sure I understand your question, Mike. Our outperformance of the vehicles, you mean us growing faster than...
Mike Wood  Macquarie: Global auto production, correct?
Tom Lynch: Yes. Well, I think theres a couple of things there. There is the electronic content. So if production is growing 1% or 2%, youre going to have anywhere depending on the mix of cars in the world anywhere from 3% to 5% of content. Then youre going to have a couple percent of price erosion. And it is different region by region. So if production is going up, you would expect our revenue to go up a little more than the production numbers. And then I think we have had a strong performance, continuing to gain share in places like China and the U.S. where we really invested in both places in the downturn. And because of the fragile nature, a lot of supply chains at those times were able to garner a little more business. So thats why weve been tracking  those three things have been why were tracking slightly ahead.
Mike Wood  Macquarie: Okay. And does the $125 million SubCom quarterly sales pace that youre expecting in the second half, is that more of a chunky drawdown of some of this shadow pipeline or is that more of a sustainable pace that we should expect heading into your next fiscal year?
Tom Lynch: Right now, we would say thats more of a sustainable pace. In the past when weve seen this kind of pipeline, its usually a signal that were going back into an up-cycle. But we need to see that start to happen. So I think that some of these projects break loose in the next two quarters. Thats going to tell us a lot that this cycle really is starting to recover or is it going to stay on the bottom. I think we have enough signs that were starting to see recovery. And then what will the slope be. Will we go back into another boom or will we go into a more steady build cycle? And thats really the call.
Mike Wood  Macquarie: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Youre welcome.
Operator: And we do have no further questions in queue at this time. Please continue.
Keith Kolstrom: Thanks everybody. We appreciate the questions as always and have a good week.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Keith Kolstrom  VP IR Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director Bob Hau - CFO
Analysts:  Wamsi Mohan  BofA Merrill Lynch Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc Amitabh Passi - UBS Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Jim Suva  Citi Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Steven Fox  Cross Research  Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Kevin LaBuz  Deutsche Bank AG Anthony C. Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC 
Operator: 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the quarter four earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Keith Kolstrom, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Keith Kolstrom  VP, IR:  Thank you, good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter 2012 results. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hau. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release.  In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that addresses the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at TE.com.  Finally, for participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, I would like to remind everyone to limit themselves to one follow-up question to make sure we are able to cover all questions during the allotted time. Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Thomas J. Lynch:  Thanks, Keith, and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide three and we'll get started.  We had a pretty solid Q4, delivering sales of 3.4 billion, adjusted earnings per share of $0.76 and free cash flow of 569 million. Our operating performance was in line with our guidance. And are adjusted EPS benefitted by $0.02 due to a lower tax rate.  Our Transportation business had another strong quarter, while our CIS and Networks businesses continued to experience soft markets as expected. Overall, I consider this to be a quarter of good execution. Our adjusted operating margin at 13.5% during the quarter and ran just under 14% during the second half of the year despite the fact our Networks business continues to be in a very weak part of the cycle.  Our overall business is now running at a full-year adjusted operating margin of 13 to 14% at the $13 to $14 billion revenue range. So I feel good about the improvement in our operating leverage. However, in this uncertain and slow economic environment, it's also clear that we need to reduce our costs further. I'll touch on this in more detail later in the call. During the quarter, we resumed our share repurchase program and bought back 5.5 million shares spending just under $200 million.  Integration of Deutsch is proceeding very well. And the touch in services business  divestitures are complete. With these changes, we have a very strong and focused connectivity portfolio.  For the full year, sales were 13.3 billion, down 3% organically versus fiscal 2011. Adjusted EPS was $2.86, also down 3% versus the 52-week fiscal 2011. Free cash flow was 1.43 billion, up 7% versus the prior year. And operating cash flow was right around 2 billion.  I'm especially pleased about our free cash flow performance, which has been strong and consistent over our first five years despite what has been, at times, a volatile and uncertain economic environment. This is certainly one of our most important strengths in the company.  Now, if you could please turn to slide four. Total company sales of 3.36 billion were down 3% versus the 13-week prior year quarter and also down 3% on an organic basis. Currency translation, primarily due to the weaker euro, negatively impacted year-on-year growth by about 400 basis points or 155 million. The Deutsch acquisition contributed $153 million in revenue.  On an organic basis, in Asia, our revenue was up slightly. Automotive continued to be strong across the region, offsetting demand softness in our CIS businesses. Within CIS, the industrial equipment market was especially soft. On the positive side, our small but emerging Mobile business was up 40%.  In China, markets were quite mixed. But overall, the slowest since the '08, '09 timeframe. Our auto business continued to be strong, up 20% year-over-year while our CIS businesses were down 10%.  In Europe, which accounts for about one-third of our total revenue, business was down 5% organically from the prior year level. Most of this decline was in automotive and industrial as our networks business was flat with last year. We expect further seasonal declines in Europe in Q1 due to the seasonality of our business and continued softness in auto and industrial. Right now, the automotive industry is projecting about a 10% reduction in European automotive production in this coming quarter.  Our revenue in North America was down 6% year-over-year on an organic basis. Continued strong demand in our automotive business was offset by soft demand in our Telecom and Industrial businesses as well as our SubCom business.  Please turn to slide five and I'll provide some highlights of our segment performance. As a reminder, beginning next quarter, we will be reporting in our new segment structure and I'll touch briefly on this later on. Transportation had another strong quarter of performance. This business is now running at a 5-billion-plus annual revenue rate. Overall, vehicle production is now at about an 82 annual unit rate with continued growth. And in 2012, there was strong growth in the U.S. and Japan, moderate growths in China offsetting weakness in Europe.  The industry is currently projecting vehicle production to be about flat in the coming year with the 2012 levels with continued growth in North America and China expected to offset declines in EMEA and Japan. In the first quarter, we expect revenue in this segment to be up slightly versus the prior year with growth in the U.S. and China offsetting weakness in the industrial and commercial vehicle market and weaker auto production in Europe.  Please turn to slide six. Revenue in our CIS businesses was about $1 billion in the quarter. Most of our markets in this segment continued to be soft primarily reflecting slowdowns in industrial equipment and IT infrastructure spending around the globe. Margins in this segment did improve through the year and we stabilized our consumer business. As the quarter progressed, we did see additional softness in orders in our industrial appliance business. And we expect these businesses to be down sequentially in Q1. Most of this softening in Industrial and Appliances in Asia and Europe.  Please turn to slide seven. Demand in our Networks business continues to be rather weak, especially in the U.S. Telecom and in the SubCom business. Telecom, our largest business in the segment, which accounts for about 1.3 billion of annual revenue has been very soft in the U.S. for about 18 months. It was down 15% in the quarter year-over-year and for the year. In Europe, business was about flat and in Asia, we were up slightly. These are the lowest  these business levels are at the lowest revenue in over five years. And we do expect at least another two quarters of soft demand due to this normal seasonal slowdown.  Now despite the current softness in the market, I continue to remain very bullish about the future of our network segment because the wired portion, primarily fiber portion of our customer's infrastructure is critically important to meeting their capacity in coverage needs. And we have never had a better product line to meet these needs.  Now while this business is slow, we are going to take advantage of this and reduce our costs across the business. We're taking an approach similar to what we did in '08 and '09 with our automotive business.  Now I'll turn it over to Bob Hau, our still brand new CFO to cover the financials in more detail.
Bob Hau - CFO:  Thanks Tom, and good morning, everyone. Before I cover the fourth quarter financial performance, I want to remind everyone that the segment reporting changes as Tom mentioned earlier are effective with the first quarter. We will report first quarter results in this new structure in January of 2013. And we expect to file an 8-K with recast historical P&L information in December, well in advance of the January earnings call. Now let me discuss earnings, which start on slide eight.  Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $401 million, which includes 14 million of charges related to the acquisition of Deutsch and restructuring charges of $39 million. The Deutsch acquisition-related charges includes $7 million of non-cash fair value purchase accounting adjustments and cash acquisitions charges of 7 million. We expect approximately $75 million of total cash charges related to the acquisition of Deutsch. About $40 million of the cash portion was incurred in 2012. With the remainder expected in 2013. The Deutsch acquisition is on track, and EBITDA, exiting the year, was in line with our expectations.  Our adjusted operating income was $454 million with an adjusted operating margin of 13.5%. Both gross and operating margins were in line with our outlook for the quarter. We do anticipate revenue levels and margins to be down sequentially in Q1 due to normal seasonal trends and continued softness in Telecom and Industrial markets.  GAAP EPS were $0.93 and adjusted EPS were $0.76 for the fourth quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.07 of restructuring and other charges, $0.03 of acquisition-related charges, and $0.27 of income related to tax items. The tax income was related to a reduction in evaluation allowances associated with tax loss carry forwards in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions where the ability to use NOL's in future periods now seems more certain than prior estimates.  Please turn to slide nine. Starting at the top half of the slide, our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was slightly above guidance at 31.8%. We expect adjusted gross margins to be down around 31% in the first quarter due to lower sales volumes.  A summary of operating expenses is shown at the bottom half of the slide. Total OpEx spending of $617 million was lower than the prior-year quarter due primarily to the additional week in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011.  SG&A was up about 100 basis points as a percentage of sales due primarily to the lower sales levels. In Q1, we expect RD&E and SG&A to be approximately 5.5% and 13.5% of sales respectively.  Turning to slide ten, let me discuss items in the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $40 million in the fourth quarter. As planned and discussed in our earnings call in July, in early October, we did pay off notes that matured of $714 million. Therefore, in the first quarter, we expect net interest expense to drop to approximately $32 million and stay at that level through the fiscal year.  Adjusted Other Income, which relates to our tax-sharing agreement, was $12 million. In Q1, we expect other income of approximately $9 million.  A GAAP effective tax rate was negative 5% in the quarter due to the reduction in the NOL evaluation allowances that I discussed previously. The adjusted effective tax rate was 23.5%, which was favorable versus our guidance of 26%. As Tom mentioned, this favorable rate has a positive impact to EPS of approximately $0.02 in the fourth quarter. And we expect adjusted tax rate to be 24% to 25% in Q1 and the full year 2013.  Now turn to free cash flow and working capital on slide 11.  Cash from continuing operations was $714 million, up 17% from the prior year. Our free cash flow of Q4 was $560 million, a very strong finish to the year, and free cash flow for the full year was $1.43 billion. We continue to expect free cash flow to approximate an income going forward.  Capital spending during the quarter was $148 million, and in fiscal 2013, we expect capital spending levels of approximately 4% to 5% of sales, consistent with our historic levels.  Working capital levels are in line with our expectations with receivable days outstanding was 63. Inventory days on hand returned to 69 days. Our businesses continue to do a very good job of managing working capital in this uncertain environment.  Please turn to slide 12 and I'll discuss sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow. We begin the quarter with $1.3 billion of cash and ended the quarter with 1.6 billion. During the quarter, we returned a total of $283 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $89 million and repurchased 5.5 million shares for $194 million. This cash flow statement shows a lower dollar amount per share repurchases due to the time difference of actual payment of funds.  Our outstanding debt was $3.7 billion at the end of the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, debt was reduced by approximately $700 million in early October with the payoff of the notes that matured. We expect debt levels of approximately $3 billion in fiscal 2013. We expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow in future periods. And plan to continue share repurchases of $150 to $250 million per quarter in fiscal 2013.  Now, I'll turn it back to Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to slide 13.  Before I get into the orders and our outlook, I just wanted to refresh everybody's memory on the new segment structure, and this slide shows are fiscal 2012 revenues in the new segment groupings.  The regrouping of our business units into these four segments has two primary objectives as we discussed on the last call. First and foremost, it enables us to best leverage our capabilities for the customer and further optimize our efficiency. It's pretty critical for us. And it also has enabled several of our top leaders to move into expanded or different roles, which is very important for the organization's totality and long term. We believe this will also provide improved information regarding the performance of the company for all of our investors. And as Bob indicated, a recap of historical period results will be filed in December.  Please turn to slide 14. As we alluded to earlier, as we enter into fiscal '13, and I dont think any surprise to anyone, things are pretty uncertain in much of the global economy. And many of our customers, many of which I have talked to in just the last month, especially tier-one customers are taking a very cautious approach to the outlook, which translates into tightening down the amount of inventory and supply chains; a typical reaction. As our fourth quarter progressed, we saw our order rates slow. And this slowdown was pretty much across the board in Europe and in our industrial business in the U.S. and Asia. Total orders for the quarter were 3.19 billion. And our book-to-bill was 0.94 excluding SubCom.  This trend is very, very similar to the trend we had in the fourth quarter of last year and our book-to-bill was very similar to the Q4 fiscal year '11 and Q4 fiscal year '10 book-to-bill that we had exiting the fourth quarter.  Please turn to slide 15. Based on the order trends I just discussed, we're currently expecting revenue in Q1 to be in the $3.15 billion to $3.25 billion range and adjusted EPS in the $0.62 to $0.66 range. It's a slight increase over last year and a decline sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, the benefits of Deutsch are being offset by continued weak market for broadband network equipment as well as weaker exchange rates, particularly the euro. Sequentially, the decline is a combination of normalcy finality in most of our businesses coupled with the slowness in Europe and Asia we alluded to earlier.  Please turn to slide 16. For the full year, I'm going to lay out three scenarios, arrange if you will, to show how we would expect our company to perform at different sales levels over the next year.  At the low end, which would be a very slow growth year or no growth year, we would expect revenue to be flat year-over-year, and essentially, our quarterly revenue pattern would mirror last year. You can see this in the lower left-hand corner of the chart. In this case where there's really no revenue growth, which is the benefits of Deutsch being offset by weaker exchange rates, we would still expect to generate 5% adjusted EPS growth as a result of the productivity improvements we continue to see and the benefit of share repurchases.  The midrange scenario or midpoint assumes 3% growth with a modest economic pickup beginning in the second half, and revenue, again, following seasonal patterns. In this case, we would expect EPS growth of approximately 10%. And I would call this, based on everything we see today, we hear from our customers and the assumption people are making about the economy, this is our most likely scenario.  And then the high end of the range assumes a stronger recovery in the second half and drives full-year sales growth of 5% and EPS growth of 15%. The key takeaway from all these; one, it's obviously difficult to call a year out in these circumstances right now. But in any scenario, we would expect to see solid earnings growth even in a no-growth scenario because of our productivity and are strong cash flow, we're going to generate approximately EPS. And if we were to see a pop in the second half of the year across the global economy and a recovery in the Telecom spending, then you could really see our operating leverage kick in generating up to $3.30 in EPS. But as of now, I would say based on everything we see, $3.15 feels like the most likely scenario.  In any of these three scenarios, we would expect to return over $1 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. And in the most recently completed quarter as Bob mentioned, we did over $280 million in the quarter.  And I guess a core assumption we have is that the first half of our fiscal year is going to continue to be pretty slow economically. And then there will be some  we'll see our seasonal pickup in the second half. And we do expect a little bit of an economic pickup by the time our fourth quarter rolls around. And that would be our July, August, September quarter.  So please turn to slide 17 and I'll kind of wrap things up here. Although 2012 was a tough year from a demand perspective, I feel we continue to strengthen the company. We improved our operating leverage. We strengthened the portfolio with the addition of Deutsche. And the divestitures of Touch and Services. And had another very strong cash flow year. And to reiterate, since 21007 when we came out on our own, we have generated over $7 billion of free cash flow. And we've returned approximately $4.4 billion to shareholders.  We look forward to 2013. Clearly, these are uncertain times. And a couple of our key markets especially Telecom are in a weak part of the cycle. Despite this, I believe we are very well-positioned to manage through any negative economic scenarios and accelerate our profitability as the economy improves. And I think you could get a sense of that in our Q3 and Q4 with just a little bit of revenue running in the$13.5 to $14 billion level. We're generating 13.5% to 14% operating margins.  In addition, our technology and product pipeline is very strong across the company. Over the last five years, we've been increasing R&D spending, absolute spending because there are so many opportunities in our core connectivity business. And over the next couple years beginning in '13, I expect that we'll begin to realize a wealth of new products particularly in high-speed lightweight and fiber optic applications across our entire portfolio.  And are strong suit, our cash flow and operating leverage enable us to deliver double digit earnings growth even at a low sales growth rate.  But it's also clear that in this environment, we can't depend on normal revenue growth to drive margin expansion. And so as a result, we are taking additional actions to further reduce our costs. Our objective is to permanently reduce costs by an additional $75 million. We expect to hit this annual run rate in the second half of fiscal 2015. We expect to incur approximately $200 million of charges during fiscal 2013. Our current year that we just entered was roughly half occurring in the first quarter.  Cash spending in fiscal 2013 related to these actions is expected to be approximately $150 million. [Inaudible] is a very important investment albeit painful. And at times, to continue to get our cost structure down to the levels that we feel are in sync with the levels of the business.  And with these investments we're making your products and cost reductions, we expect to be able to deliver that 15% operating margin at a lower level than previously anticipated. For those of you who have been following us, 15% operating margin is an incredibly important level of performance for us to hit. That's why we're taking these actions. And we would expect to be able to do that in the $15 to $15.5 billion revenue range.  With that, Ill open it up to questions. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan  BofA. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan  BofA Merrill Lynch:  Yes thank you. Good morning. Tom can you talk a little more about what youre seeing in the automotive market and MAF. Weve heard from some of the companies of an atypical buildup of inventory of zero kilometer used cars is how they dubbed it?  Also curious, are you seeing any softness in China in the luxury car market, and Ill follow up.
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Thanks Wamsi. Well Europe continues to slow down, and I think right now, and some of it is a little bit of extra inventory. I dont think its overwhelming, because I think the automakers have been adjusting as well as the tier one. But right now the expectation in Europe is to be down 10% year-over-year in Q1 in number of cars produced. And that is our biggest market. With respect to China, China was - by China measures flow even in automotive through 2012 we had a very strong year again. But production was in single digits for the first time. [inaudible] digits for the first time in a while. Now most of the decline was at the mid-tier to low end vehicles, it was not at the high-tier. Were seeing a little bit of slowdown at the high-tier, but its still fairly robust. I was there last week with our automotive team, and they expect production to be up slightly. Total production of Chinese cars to be  China cars to be up slightly in the year, and for us to have another year of double digit revenue growth, so obviously watching it pretty closely.
Wamsi Mohan  BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks Tom. As a follow-up, I think you mentioned on the prepared remarks that these additional restructuring actions will kick in, in the second half of this fiscal year. Why is it that it takes so long to realize these benefits? Is it the region where these actions are being taken, and what end markets are these actions gears towards? Thanks.
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director: Thanks Wamsi. A couple things. If its factories, it takes a while with noticed periods and all of those things, and the move equipment. You also typically have in that case, were incurring some costs that are operating expense costs in the period of the move. So it does take a few quarters, Id say typically two or three, if youre involving factories to begin to see the benefit of the savings. We would expect to see a little bit in Q4, but  and of course were doing, were pushing for as much as fast as we can, but practically speaking we have to be careful of not disrupting the customer flow. What was the very last part of your question?
Wamsi Mohan  BofA Merrill Lynch: Just the end-markets where youre taking these actions.
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director: I would say primarily around our consumer and networks businesses. Those businesses  you know consumer were kind of regaining our footing in that business, and besides a lot of new products now coming into market, part of it is to make sure we have the right cost structures. You know, thats a very competitive business, and were making good progress there. And then in the networks business, its because the markets been down for such a longtime, taking the opportunity to make sure that in the event that its a lower level of business than we had thought, we still have attractive returns.
Wamsi Mohan  BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks a lot.
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from Matt Sheerin  Stifel, Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Matthew Sheerin  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Inc:  Yes, thank you. So, regarding your commentary Tom on weakness in the industrial markets, I know that a lot of that is through distribution in terms of your overall exposure to distribution, not as much as other suppliers but certainly in the industrial side. Are you seeing sell into distribution at a lower rate than sell out like we say last year when we saw an inventory correction? Or are you getting signs that just demand from the distributors is weak and will continue to be weaker?
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director: I would say its more just sell out is weak. I will also say Matt that we do have a pretty substantial amount of our business go through the channel for the company as a whole of 20%. In our industrial businesses its closer to 50%. So we leverage the channel, benefit from the channel, work with the channel quite a bit.
Matthew Sheerin  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Inc: Okay. And then on the cost cutting actions that youre taking, it sounds like it makes sense on the networking side. Are you looking at mostly manufacturing related cost, as opposed to technical sales and support, because we are potentially at the bottom of the market here and you dont want to take those kind of costs our and those kind of resources out right?
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director: We totally agree with that and as we did in the big downturn three and a half years ago, we didnt take those kind of resources out. We believe thats really kind of the heart and soul of the company, and thats where we create our value. So, no, its more around excess capacity that  hey I think theres a couple of things. Were getting smarter, were getting better with our leans, so were creating capacity every year, which if you go back two or three years ago we would have expected to use for growth, but in these times we dont need it, and so were going to take advantage of the slowdown and take some of this capacity offline and move it into other locations.
Matthew Sheerin  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Inc: Okay, thank you.
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director: Thank you.
Operator:  We have a question from Amitabh Pass  UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Pass  UBS:  Thank you. I had a clarification and then a question. My clarification was, in you EPS guidance for fiscal 13, have you already embedded the potential impact of your share repurchases of somewhere between 150 to 250 million per quarter? And then Tom, my question for you was, your (Y line) segments, whether it be your telecom, fiber business, the service provider segment, of Subsea has been weak for quite some time. Just wanted to get your thoughts on what do you think spurs incremental spending there, particularly in North America? And is there a need for you to perhaps bulk up the macro cellular wireless piece of your business to perhaps complement whats going on with the wire line markets?
Bob Hau CFO:  Hi, this is Bob. From a share repurchase standpoint, as weve indicated, were planning about 150 to 250 million per quarter in 2013. We did restart the fourth quarter of 12, and that is baked into the EPS guidance per employer. 
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:   And on your question about the networks business, it really depends on where  the cycle depends on where we are in the world. So Europe is kind of flattish right now. Some carriers there are being very aggressive pushing fiber deep, others are backing off typically because they did it a few years ago. But in general, fibers still not that deep in the network. Its deepest in the U.S., but its still not close enough to the home or the office to handle all the digital content thats coming. And then in Asia, its still growing, although its lumpy. And then you have big programs like whats going on in Australia and New Zealand.  In terms of small bay station, we have through the ADC acquisition what is commonly referred to is the (daftedness) or distribute antenna, which is  its the forerunner of small bay station I would say. The capability to add on capacity and coverage without having to build a tower, and clearly thats where the industry is going, especially in the U.S. We have a product line there that we feel pretty good about. But were more excited about, as you build out all these small bay stations, to get the signal back on to the main network you need to connect them with fiber. So these small bay stations in supporting an LTE Network are going to be out pretty close to the home, in order to have the bandwidth that you need for the home, and they will be in our view predominantly connected by fiber. So, in the last year and a half, weve had the acquisition activity in the carriers in the U.S. and well tend to slowdown spending. And then I think a really big push to get 4G or LTE out there, and at the expense of some of the wired infrastructure.  So, weve seen these cycles before. When were in the bottom of them, they always feel pretty tough, and there are those moments when it seems like its never going to come back, but we really like the product line we have and we feel were very poised for when that investment cycle hits again. And then with respect to SubCom, as you know, thats a very cyclical business and its at the low end of the cycle. Five years ago it was at the top end of the cycle, and life couldnt have been better. But even at the low end of the cycle its a good business returning cost to capital. And when you model bandwidth around the world and nobody is perfect at this, and we expect another growth cycle to come in the next few years.
Amitabh Pass  UBS: Excellent. Thank you.
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director: Thank you.
Operator:  We have Sharron Harrison  Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Sharron M. Harrison  Longbow Research LLC:  Hi, good morning. Two questions, just the first on Deutsch. Maybe if you could just  it sounds as if things are going pretty well there, but if you could maybe talk about just how its progressing, what we should expect from that business in 13 and both kind of just the earning contribution whether you think theres upside or challenges? And then just second, the raw material environment, if youre facing any incremental headwinds right now, or if you think youre kind of relatively neutral to raw materials? Thanks.
Thomas Lynch  CEO, Executive Director: Thanks Sharron. With respect to Deutsch, going very well. The cultural  and Ive been to most of the locations is very good as weve said before, our people have been in these similar businesses a longtime, so theres an initial point of understanding to start with, which I think is important. The business is a little slower than, you know when we bought it. The assumptions we had when we bought it, I think thats reflective of the slowdown in the global economy. The synergy is higher, so on balance we expect the earnings contribution from Deutsch in 13 to be as we stated at the time of acquisition, which Im pretty pleased with given its a little softer topline. We also feel theres  the longer term theres a little more opportunity than we thought from a sales perspective. The ability to take these products, some directly, some with modification and other applications so, so far so good. I have a tremendous amount of enthusiasm I think with the Deutsch team and us about what the prospects are. And then with respect to raw material.
Bob Hau - CFO: Raw materials for us, about a push for 2013 perhaps a very small tailwind if copper, gold, and silver stay where theyre at today, but it would be low single digit millions of tailwind if it were to hold, particularly given where we stand from a hedging standpoint.
 : Also add on a Deutsch standpoint, I mentioned in my opening comments, we exited 2012 about on expectations from an EBITDA standpoint. As Tom pointed out, sales a little bit late. Integration cost coming in better, integration segments coming in better than we had anticipated. So, we actually crossed the 30% EBITDA margin in the second half of 2012 in the first six months of ownership. So, were very pleased from that standpoint.
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets, please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes, thanks a lot, good morning, guys. Theres two questions on my side  one, just on the Deutsch side, you touched on this a little, but, you know, your revenues were 27 million off, which you guys were initially expecting last quarter from Deutsch  even though the rest of tel transportation segments seem to have held a blow, what do you think Deutsch under performed on the revenue line so severely?
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  The biggest part, Amit, is in the heavy truck business  you know, with slow down and industrial activity, so thats really where weve seen it. I think youve seen some of the companies, the big OEMs, how theyre guiding in that area in the last month, and theyre big customers of ours. And China, were starting to see acceleration again towards the new caf  equivalent to the caf standards which is a big opportunity for us, and was one of the core series of the case, for doing Deutsch, where today trucks in China are, unlike the automotive market, a truck market is all kind of local and at the low end with a few exceptions, but with a new, much more strict emissions standards that should come into play over the next year-and-a-half, and get ready for that over the next year, we see a really big opportunity there. But in the short term, its off-road heavy truck. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Good, thats helpful, and then, you know, could you just touch on what drove the sequential margin declines for the transportation segment? Was that about 160 basis points  was that largely just a revenue mix, or something else that impacted that? And then how do you think that segment will perform in fiscal 13  you know, that youre baking into your guide?
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Amit, from a sequential stand point, you hit it right on the head, its definitely associated with the lower revenue partially on a seasonal basis. We saw a bit of weakening in operating margins just from a standpoint of leverage through the factories. 
Bob Hau - CFO:  At the  and Amit, at the 13.7, $3.15 EPS scenario, I would expect the margin in that business to be up modestly.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Fair enough, thanks a lot.
Bob Hau - CFO:  It takes another year of good performance. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citi, please go ahead.
Jim Suva  Citi:  Thank you, congratulations to your team. Can they talk a little bit about the restructuring  is it mostly attributed to activity or ADC, or Deutsch, or a combination of the three? Proportionately, how would you think about where their structure actions are?
Thomas J. Lynch:  Thats a  I appreciate that question, Jim, and thanks for the complement. Its hard to cut it that finely because, you know, ADCs been a part of us almost two years now, but if you were to go back and look at some of the locations weve already announced  you know, theres a couple that are ADC locations that were originally contemplated, you know, as part of this synergy, and were doing more than we originally contemplated because the business is slower. There is a little bit of fine tuning in Deutsch, I would say. Again, as we get smarter, and as Bob mentioned, were identifying more synergies.  If you want to break it down, the business is  I mean, were going through and finding wherever we have excess capacity thats still may not be where the customer is going, or where the customer has gone  its an ongoing journey to make that happen. But generally speaking, you could say the majority of it is going to be around Consumer and Network. 
Jim Suva  Citi: Okay, and then as a quick follow up, with this restructuring actions going on, is your M&A pipeline still very active, or has this slow down economy youre taking a cause on it, or are those people focused on restructuring  are they like different [inaudible]? Im just trying to get a feel for your M&As? You talked about stock buyback, you talked about restructuring but M&A, just really didnt come up, and Im just wondering about your outlook [inaudible]?
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  No, our M&A headline is still full because I think in that case, its all part of understanding whats going on in your markets, and we certainly have areas where weve said many times that are very attractive to us if the right opportunity was available, desire to do something, and it was the right price. So, I think we have a group of people that work with our businesses that are constantly making sure that that pipeline is growing in the sense that were identifying all the companies out there, so were on top of our mark. So, I would say, clearly the threshold for doing one is higher, and as I said last quarter, weve done two sides of the ones in the last two years, and our priority is to make sure we make them successful, and I feel very good about where we are on that journey with those two acquisitions. So, in a sense that it gets harder and harder to  the threshold gets higher and higher, and likely to be smaller size, really true [inaudible] in the area where we are most interested in. So, we dont want to, in a sense, restrict the pipeline, because I think, you know, we could run, and maybe misunderstand whats going on in the market, and to miss opportunities, because many of these take a long time to come to fruition. 
Jim Suva  Citi: Thanks, and congratulations to your team.
Thomas J. Lynch:  Thanks, Jim.
Operator:  Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, thank you. Tom, you called out the parallel to the restructuring actions to automotive market in 08, 09. So, I was hoping to get a sense of the operating leverages [inaudible] in that business kind of coming out of the down turn, if you see any similar parallels to the earnings power for the networks and consumer once end demand comes back?
Thomas J. Lynch:  Yes, I  in automotive we picked up a point-and-a-half to two points, we also did increase our investment in R&D, and that business at that time, especially in hydroelectric and a few other areas. We  I would expect in the businesses were primarily focused on to get a similar kind of leverage a point to two points in consumer or networks, thats the objective, and the opportunity is there because the team has identified, you know, the excess capacity and how we could take advantage of locations that have capacity.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc: Okay.
Bob Hau - CFO:  Overall, we expect about $75 million worth of savings, which once we get up to that run rate in the second half of 2015  Tom indicated, we see an accelerated opportunity to get to the 15% operating margin, $75 million will remain to [inaudible] point at the total [inaudible] connectivity level. 
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc: Got it, thanks for that  and then as it relates to the [inaudible] location, the buyback is [inaudible] this quarter. Any thoughts on the dividend, which if you look at your payout, even though you steadily increased it sense its been out, its still, you know, below the overall market, and just really curious how you think about that payout ratio, if theres on opportunity over time to increase that from where it is today?
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Well, we do think for us, depending on where we are in the cycle and what our other opportunities are, that payout ratio in the 25-35% range isnt  would be a right ratio for us. And as you know, weve been consistently increasing the dividend, I would expect that at the upcoming board meetings in advance of our annual meeting, thats certainly a topic that we will be reviewing with the board to see what we want to do in the coming calendar year regarding payout, but we have to take into consideration what does the economy look like, what do the other opportunities look like, but our philosophy would be consistent increase in the dividend rate, we just have a lot down with that [inaudible] yet for the coming year. Okay?
Operator:  We have a question from Steven Fox, Cross Research. Please go ahead. 
Steven Fox  Cross Research : Thanks. Good morning. Two questions, first, as it goes to the restructuring, I was just curious what it implies about your typical incremental margins, whether theres been any change there or the ability to realize meaningful sales synergies from Deutsch over a longer period of time?  And then secondly, Tom, maybe you could just talk a little bit more about China, around the other markets there seems to be  seems to be the lynchpin maybe for the next six months in terms of which way the economy goes globally and how your operations have improved over the last year or two there. I know youve been  had some initiatives underway to bring them up to par maybe with other areas, so that will be helpful. Thank you. 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Just a point of clarification on your first question, restructuring relative to Deutsch? 
Steven Fox  Cross Research : No, the overall restructuring, the new restructuring charge that youre announcing. Im trying to understand what it implies about your typical incremental margins, if you have to take cost actions here. 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Were addressing fixed costs, primarily in the restructuring. So the goal is to continue to improve the flow through on higher volume growth. So yeah, we  we typically fluctuate between 25 and 30% depending on the mix of businesses and the region it happens in and you know, we want to continue to reduce where it makes sense and we dont sacrifice capacity for growth, thats fixed cost base. So thats the way to think about that.  As far as Deutsch sales synergy, I think its early, but were seeing it for sure in the two key markets. You know, were seeing opportunities of one having the complete product line going into a customer and from soup to nuts providing the heavy-duty connectivity system and thats beneficial to customers, theyre telling us they like that. It simplifies their life. I think overtime, that is an opportunity. The shorter-term opportunity is to take advantage of our channel strength around the world where we have a large  a large infrastructure or Id say an effective infrastructure that works with our channel partners to support all the smaller customers, generally smaller customers around the world and were seeing increased activity around this product line from Deutsch from through those partners, in many cases, not sold by the channel partners before. So that would be early synergy. And then in the longer-term, I think its really the opportunity to get more design-ins because can provide more of a system and we can solve the problems in a more effective way having this complete range of products for the harsh environment.  And then with respect to China, yeah, we have quite a presence in China. As you know, about $2 billion of revenue. We have substantial engineering resources there, obviously manufacturing resources there. Our strong suit in China is in our Beacon business, automotive where weve been supporting the automotive industry there, both multi-national and the locals for a long time. I think were doing, you know, were doing well in the Telecom business. Telecom and Energy are tough businesses in China, lots of low competition, but were in the upper echelon of suppliers, not huge businesses  and the balance of this business in China, typically, not to generalize too much, but a [inaudible] export business where  whether its computers or mobile phones or even industrial equipment. You know, we have a  more than a beach head there.  So  but clearly, China getting energy and getting a pickup in their environment, then I was encouraged from my visit and talking to our folks last week that it  it looks like that transitioning government over there comes soon, the desire to get the economy going, stimulus flowing again in some areas and the recognition that that economy needs to grow 7.5 to 9% to keep the country moving forward. But for the last year its been slower than Ive seen other than the, you know, the crisis here. 
Steven Fox  Cross Research : Thank you very much. Thats helpful. 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Thanks, Steve. 
Operator:  You have question from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Hi, good morning. Regarding the outperformance that youre expecting with global auto production, is that being driven by higher content per vehicle or Deutsch synergies or is this just better performance on the high end? And can you talk about whether or not youre worried about a trade down impact as the economy is slowing? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, President :  Sure. Its not really Deutsch related in the automotive business. They bring a little bit of capability, but theyre more harsh environment. Its continuing content at every category of cars, A, B, C, D, E. It is selective expansion beyond our traditional product line in areas like sensors. Its continuing to lead, weve invested a lot for a long time in light-weight and be able to connect alternative metals and copper and weve got tremendous capability there. So its a combination of factors that contribute to us growing a little bit faster than the market. 
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay, and the growth that you mentioned in tablets and smartphones, are these new wins with customers or are these just an expansion with your current business? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, President:  Weve had a couple of significant new wins, not enough to say, you know, were well established yet. I think enough to tell our customers that, hey, we really are a good capable, innovative supplier to these markets and to tell ourselves that we can do it. So the last year was an important year for us to convince more than anything ourselves that this is a market that we should be able to be successful in. So its a couple of more wins, not just extensions of existing wins. And, of course, in that business, youve got to have wins all the time because unlike automotive or industrial, you dont typically get designed in with a particular part number that lasts that long. It is  if youre not that well established in the business, its a good thing because it gives you a chance to get established, but it does make pretty ferocious business. So you have to be good at it and you have to be quick to ramping volume, which has not been our strong suit in the past, but which were getting much better at. 
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Great. Thank you. 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Thank you. 
Operator: Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Kevin LaBuz  Deutsche Bank AG: Hi. Thank you. This is Kevin LaBuz on for the behalf of Sherri. Its really no surprise given the macro situation that youve seen it slowdown in sales, but Im wondering what have you seen on the design side? Has the pace activity there slowed? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Not really. You know, weve seen a little bit and Id say there are really one-offs where when things slow down, sometimes customers slow down their efforts to introduce something that might be cutting edge. But we havent seen even a lot of that, a couple things where we were close to getting designed in and then the customer decided, in light of the market, to hold onto the incumbent solution.  But for the most part, the customers arent slowing down their demands on the number of designs. I think thats not in their best interest and you can really lose a lot of momentum if you have a customer doing that. You want to have a pipeline of design so that when things do come back and they spend more money, theyre ready. And a lot of what we do in this industry, supporting our customers, whether its high-speed or light-weight or fiber optic related are important parts of the architecture. So its not just a simple component that gets dropped into a design, it is very often a component that is custom designed or partially custom designed for their application. And in many of our industries, the consumer might have the shortest cycle but in almost any industry, next-generation products are designed several years out and if you delay that, you really run the risk of missing a window.  So weve kept our investment, thats why I said earlier, even with the restructuring, were not touching engineering. You look at our investment in engineering over the last five years, its gone up. I just think we have so much opportunity that we felt like we were going to go after it. But I guess to answer your question, we have not seen much change in the design demands of our customers. 
Kevin LaBuz  Deutsche Bank AG: All right, thank you. And just on  just turning to Asia, theres been a lot of talk about slowdown in China, but what do you think in other geographies there, including China, what about Asia? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  I would say, and it really depends on market, but to generalize a little bit, Japan had a strong year in 12 and I would expect them to have a very slow year in 13. You know, the post-earthquake bounce really drove some business there, but were seeing that slow down already.  China, by typical recent measures, I would say had a slow year although a growth year. Expect that to pick up a little bit, were seeing signs of that in our order rates this quarter. Korea, steady, I would say. You know, low growth, but steady growth and of course, continuing to have significant exports in the auto and in the mobile device business. So those being the three big markets. Southeast Asia, very promising, growing market. Places like Indonesia really  standards of living starting to improve and investments starting to grow there. And Australia/ New Zealand, pretty significant investments in infrastructure and relative to us, Telecom infrastructure so very important there, those governments have made a statement that having a full broadband solution across the country is important to being competitive. By the way, I think well see that over time everywhere and thats one of the reasons were so bullish on our Networks business. 
Kevin LaBuz  Deutsche Bank AG: Excellent. Thank you. 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Thank you. 
Operator:  We have a question from Tony Kure, KeyBanc. Please go ahead. 
Anthony C. Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Hey, good morning. Just a quick question on the guidance for fiscal 13. As you look at the EPS and the revenue lines, Im sort of trying to back into the EBIT margin improvement. Weve already talked to your expectations on the transport side, but you know, overall for the company, Im looking at sort of a 20 to 30 basis point operating margin improvement. First, is that correct? And second, how would it be influenced by the other segments, the two segments at this point? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Thats directionally correct, yeah. Youre in the ballpark with that. With that kind of revenue growth we would expect the productivity we have in the pipeline to generate that kind of operating margin. 
Anthony C. Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then like you talked about the transport being up marginally, could you talk about the other two segments from the margin expectations? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Yeah. I would say 
Bob Hau  CFO:  I think ultimately to your point, the 20 to 30 basis points operating margin is about right on a year-over-year basis. Transportation being the strongest one given some growth opportunities there. The other three segments; industrial, consumer and networks, all expanding on a year-over-year basis, but to a smaller level given the lack of volume leverage from those three individual segments. 
Anthony C. Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Great. And then on the Enterprise IT side, obviously slowing down there, just  if you have visibility into whats driving that, I mean, weve heard a lot about the C-level decision making extending, a lot of projects pushing out. Do you have that sort of visibility that these types of things are pushing into 2013 or are these just cancelations on run rate business? Maybe if you provide [inaudible] down onto that market? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  I think, again, it depends on the region of the world and the customer. Theres some customers that are very aggressive and pushing us for earlier implementation of next-generation, high-speed solutions. There are some that are, in light of the economic circumstances and holding capital budgets in an uncertain economy are living with the solutions they have. So I would say its mixed, but if I were to categorize in one area, Id say its more of a push than a cancelation. We often dont  we dont see too much kind of cancelation because I think from an end  our customers point of view, thats not a smart thing for them to do. Its easier for them just to push rather than lose the attention of the supply base and the continued innovation and investment we bring. 
Anthony C. Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you so much. 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Thank you. 
Operator:  And our last question is from Michael Wherley, Janney. Please go ahead. 
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I just had a question about the consumer restructuring and you know, if youre seeing some program wins there, where does exactly is consumer restructuring? Does it have to do with customers that lost share or is it just more broad based? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Its really about tightening up the capacity, Michael, and when I talked about the organization change we made three months ago, that had been in the works for a while, it was really founded on grouping like businesses together and making the final break from what had always in this company been structured as a regional geographic business and making the transition to a vertical global business. So in the past, consumer really was three businesses in the Americas, Europe and Asia. We concluded a couple years ago that that was not going to enable us to be, one, cost effective, or nimble in responding to the needs of that market. So part of the capacity in the restructuring that you hear us talking about is really tightening up the backend of that business now that weve had it as standalone for about nine months now and you know, getting scale because time to volume and scale in that business is critical to getting the margin you need to make it an attractive business and Im encouraged with the leadership and team we put in a year ago, the progress theyve made in that year both on new products, important new wins that the key customers and the customers are setting the pace in that market. As well as making a lot more sense out of the backend of that business and making us much more efficient. 
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Okay. And whats your core confidence that you can  that youve gotten better at sort of the quick ramp ups where youve struggled in the past in that consumer business? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Growing confidence. We have a couple of really great success stories with a couple of the biggest and the most demanding customers and they were  they were critically important for us, of course because we dont have a long track record of doing that, so we  very important products for these customers that we did a very, very good job, and you know, in one case, helped them out of a bind. So I think were building our confidence and their confidence in us, in this business. Youre only as good as your last experience, so you, you know, we have to be good every time. So far, so good, knock on wood. But you know, were not  were far from declaring victory and probably never would anyway, but I think our teams confidence in the ability to make this a good business is growing. 
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Okay. Thanks very much. The last question I have is just sort of on your LEAN opportunities across TE. You know, separate from the restructuring, what sort of headwind are you making with LEAN and how does that sort of tie in with the current restructuring? 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  The headwind on LEAN is really good and I think you could start to see it in the year last year where we had the actual flight shrinkage in some of our markets, in revenue and overall, and you know, the operating margin held in there nicely. Three years ago, that would not have been the case. So LEAN is focused on taking the waste out of the process and its a  its been around, its a tool-based program, it requires a lot of discipline and strong site-by-site leadership and its  it is implemented at every site we have; some further along than others. But in at least half our sites, and we refer to it as a Star 3, you get when its actually improving your performance. So its a  its a journey that takes a lot of perseverance. It is helping us, and it is bringing up physical capacity, which plays into some of the decisions we're making now. 
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Thanks very much. 
Thomas J. Lynch  CEO, Executive Director:  Thank you all very much for the questions. 
Keith Kolstrom  VP, IR:  Thanks very much for joining the call today. Please call the IR team with any follow-up questions. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Kolstrom Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Terrence R. Curtin - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Samuel Meehan Ruplu Bhattacharya James F. Hillier - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Anthony C. Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fiscal Quarter 3 Earnings Release Meeting. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Keith Kolstrom. Please go ahead.
Keith Kolstrom: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's third quarter 2012 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. [Operator Instructions] Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. If you can turn to Slide 3, I'll give you a quick summary of Q3 and an overview of our Q4 outlook. Q3 results were as follows: Sales of $3.5 billion were up 8% sequentially. This was slightly below our expectations, due to further weakening of the euro which had about a negative $50 million effect and a slower-than-expected recovery in our Network Solutions segment. Adjusted operating margin improved 100 basis points sequentially to 14% and very importantly, sequential improvement in all of our segments. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.79 were at the midpoint of our guidance, despite the lower sales. And this is an improvement of 16% sequentially and 4% year-over-year. This year-over-year EPS improvement was on a slight sales decline. Free cash flow is very strong at $414 million and that was up 19% over the prior year. Uncharacterized Q3 for us is a quarter of good execution. Strong cost control and productivity improvement enabled us to improve operating margins back to the 14% level despite lower-than-expected sales. And importantly, margins improved across all segments. In CIS, margins improved 100 basis points sequentially and are essentially at prior year levels on sales that are 12% lower than the prior year. We do expect additional margin improvement in CIS in the fourth quarter. We completed the acquisition of Deutsch in April. The integration is on track and as expected. In Q3, Deutsch added about $0.04 of EPS as expected. We're excited about the opportunities this acquisition will provide. They have excellent products and technology as we've discussed before. We're going to add strong channels, the scale to drive cost down and better customer service, and the results we're seeing are a little better than planned, despite the markets being a little softer. We're very -- we're really excited about the quality of the team that joined TE. And the cash flow, as we mentioned earlier, was very strong and we completed the sale of our Touch and Services business which generated approximately $400 million of proceeds. We entered a little bit on the market environment. We entered the quarter with order momentum building across most of our markets and in particular, in Telecom Networks and our CIS businesses, as the economic outlook was improving in the U.S. Inventories in the channel were back in line, and we experienced a seasonal lift we typically see at this time of the year, especially in our Networks business. So things were tracking pretty much as expected. In mid-May, this momentum began to stall and orders began to soften, especially in Telecom and our Industrial and Appliance businesses. We haven't seen a pronounced decline, but we have seen a softening. Demand in the automotive and commercial aerospace businesses continues to be solid and we are building in the momentum in the consumer business. These trends, coupled with the uncertainty in Europe which is having an impact from a demand and a foreign exchange perspective, and the lower-than-expected growth in China, is resulting in a reduction in our guidance for Q4. I'll go through the details later in the call. I do expect us to maintain our margin in the 13.5% to 14% range in Q4, despite the softness, and to deliver another strong cash flow quarter. We also plan to resume our share repurchase program in Q4, and I'll comment more on capital allocation later. Before we move into the review of our results and outlook, I'd like to recap the organization changes we announced last week, so if you can turn to Slide 4. These changes have been in the planning stage for some time. The regrouping of our business units into these 4 segments had 2 primary objectives. Enabling us to best leverage our capabilities for the customer, and further optimize our efficiency. And we also believe this will provide improved information regarding the performance of the company for our investors. The changes in our segment structure are also enabling several of our top business leaders to get expanded or different roles, which I believe is really great for the organization's vitality and future evolution. The most noteworthy change, for purposes of this call, is Terrence moving into a segment leadership role. I'm really excited for Terrence and the company. And we're also very fortunate to have Bob Hau succeeding Terrence. Bob, most recently was the CFO of Lennox International, and prior to that, was at Honeywell. Bob is a talented financial leader, with strong multi-industry experience and operating skills, and he'll join us in early August. If you can please turn to Slide 5, and I'll talk about our Q3 sales. Total the company sales of $3.5 billion were down 2% year-over-year on an actual basis and down 3% on an organic basis. Currency translation due to the weaker euro, negatively impacted year-on-year growth by 400 basis points or about $143 million, and the Deutsch acquisition contributed $174 million in revenue. On an organic basis, year-over-year, sales increased slightly in Asia, but were offset by broad-based weakness in Europe and continued weakness in the North American telecom market. In Asia, automotive continued to be strong, offsetting softness in our CIS businesses. In China, we had another quarter of double-digit automotive growth, but most other markets were slower than normal. Europe, which accounts for about 1/3 of our total revenue, was down 4% organically from the prior year level and flat sequentially. With the exception of Energy, all of our major businesses were down versus last year. We expect a further slight decline in Europe in Q4, due to the auto seasonal shutdown, and reduced industrial spending at OEMs and in the channel. And in general, Europe has been slow for a while and the decline we had seen has been gradual. Steady, but gradual. In the U.S., our auto business has been strong and demand in our Telecom and SubCom businesses have been weak. On an organic basis, which excludes Deutsch, our U.S. revenue was down year-over-year and up sequentially. We expect similar trends in Q4 with Telecom weakness and a slowdown in Industrial, offsetting another good quarter in auto and commercial aerospace. I'll now turn it over to Terrence to walk through the third quarter results, and then I'll come back to cover the outlook in more detail.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Just before I get started with third quarter performance, I want to remind everyone that the segment reporting changes that Tom mentioned earlier will be effective with the first quarter of fiscal 2013, which begins on September 29. We will report current results in this new structure for the first time, as part of our January 2013 release, and we would expect right now, to file an 8-K with recasted segment historical P&L information by December, which should be well in advance of the January earnings call. Now let me give you some highlights to the key markets in each of our segments. Unless I indicate otherwise, all changes will be on an organic basis, which excludes the effect of currencies and acquisitions. So if you could please turn to Slide 6. In our Transportation Solutions segment, sales increased 13% on an actual basis versus the prior year, and 6% organically. Sequentially, total sales were up 10%, driven by the acquisition of Deutsch which added $174 million in sales in total, and the breakdown of that between our businesses are $96 million in automotive and $78 million within our Aerospace, Defense and Marine unit. Overall in the automotive market, our sales performed as expected, within an organic increase of 7% versus the prior year. Sales were up 22% in Asia and 11% in the Americas. While in Europe, sales were down 4%. Global vehicle production was approximately 20.5 million units in the quarter, which was up 10% compared to the prior year. By region, vehicle production was up 20% in the Americas, 22% in Asia. However, the EMEA region remained soft, with production down 8%. The strong year-over-year growth rates in Asia and North America were once again driven by the rebound following the disaster in Japan, as well as our strong market position. We expect fourth quarter production to be about 19.5 million vehicles, so we're down about 5% sequentially, in line with typical seasonality driven out of Europe. In the Aerospace, Defense and Marine market, sales were flat versus the prior year. Strong demand and increased share in the commercial aerospace and oil and gas markets were offset by declines in the Military market. For the Transportation Solutions overall in the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to be down slightly sequentially, due to the seasonal decline in auto production. Part of our sales that relate to Deutsch are expected to be about $180 million which would be up 4% sequentially versus the third quarter, and is -- which is also high single-digit growth when compared to Deutsch standalone versus its prior year. Please turn to Slide 7, so I can cover our Communications and Industrial Solutions segment. In this segment, total sales declined 12% on an actual basis, and 9% organically versus the prior year. Sequentially, sales were up 8% organically, which was in line with expectations. In the Industrial market, organic sales were down 14% versus the prior year, but were up 5% sequentially. While we did see temporary improvement in quarter 3, customers, both direct and in the channel, became more cautious around mid-quarter. And due to this, and based upon current order trends, we expect quarter 4 in the Industrial market to be down about 10% sequentially. In the DataComm market, which we include sales to the communication equipment, server, storage and wireless equipment markets, our organic sales were down 15% versus last year, due to reduced broadband and wireless spending, particularly with customers in Asia. Sales did show a nice sequential improvement and were up 10%. And in quarter 4, we expect revenues in this market to be similar to quarter 3 levels. In the consumer area, consumer device revenues were down 4% organically versus the prior year, due to continued softness in the PC and consumer electronics markets, that were partially offset by strong growth in both the mobile and tablet markets. Sequentially, our sales grew 9% organically and we expect sales in the fourth quarter to be up 5% to 8% sequentially as well. We are seeing improvement related to the new program wins and new product launches in both the tablet and mobile phone areas. In the Appliance business, we were down 3% versus the prior year, due to soft demand in Asia, which was more than offset by growth in the U.S., and sales grew 8% sequentially in this market. In the fourth quarter, we expect the CIS segment revenues to be down about mid-single digits sequentially, due mainly to normal seasonality and a softer demand from customers in the Industrial and the Appliance businesses. So please turn to Slide 8, and let me get into the Network Solutions segment. Total sales were down 13% on actual rates and down 9% on an organic basis versus the prior year, driven by our Telecom and SubCom businesses. Sales did improve 5% sequentially which was lower than we expected. Organic sales to the Telecom Networks market were down 15% versus the prior year, but up 9% sequentially. Year-over-year declines were once again due to reduced carrier spending in the U.S. and Europe. As I just mentioned, sequentially sales were up about 9% in this market, but that was only about 2/3 of what we have expected. We saw a nice order momentum coming out of our second quarter, the March quarter, but we did see order rates begin to slow in mid-May in the Telecom market, and currently, we expect sales in -- for the fourth quarter to be down about 5% sequentially. Demand in this market, particularly in the U.S. continues to lack consistency. However, the longer-term trends remained attractive, based on the demand for higher speeds and more connected devices. In the Energy market, sales were up 3% versus the prior year, with growth in all regions. And we had 6% growth sequentially. We have seen some of the softness in orders. However, we expect revenues in quarter 4 to be up slightly versus quarter 3, driven by continued investment in distribution, transmission and power generation around the world. In the Enterprise Networks market, our sales were down 2% as data center investment growth was offset by declines in office network spending. And finally, in our SubCom business, our sales declined 21% year-over-year as we expected. We did book about $110 million of projects during the quarter. However, funding of additional order projects continues to be slow. We expect sales in the fourth quarter of approximately $120 million versus our prior expectation of $140 million, due to the push out in these customer fundings. For the fourth quarter overall, Network Solutions sales, we expect to be down slightly on a sequential basis, due to the softness in the Telecom Networks business. Let me now shift to earnings, which start on Slide 9. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $371 million, which includes $94 million of charges related to the acquisition of Deutsch and restructuring charges of $25 million. The Deutsch acquisition-related charges include $68 million of noncash fair value purchase accounting adjustments and cash acquisition charges of $26 million. The $26 million is made up of transaction costs of $15 million and restructuring charges related to cost synergies of $11 million. We continue to expect $75 million of total cash charges related to the Deutsch acquisition. About 1/2 of this cash portion will be incurred in 2012, and the remainder in 2013. As Tom mentioned, the Deutsch integration is on track and we expect the EBITDA to exit the year at approximately a 28% level, which is slightly ahead of where we reviewed with you when we did the acquisition plan, when we told you would be about 27% at this time. Looking at adjusted operating income. Adjusted operating income was $490 million in the quarter, with an adjusted operating margin of 14%. This performance is a strong improvement, both in dollars and rate, both year-over-year, as well as sequentially. Both gross and the operating margins were in line with our outlook for the third quarter, despite the lower-than-expected sales in the quarter. The 100 basis-point sequential improvement in operating margin, include an improvement in all segments, driven by the increased volumes and the cost actions that we initiated over the past year in our CIS and Network Solutions segments. As Tom mentioned, we do anticipate revenue levels in the fourth quarter to be down sequentially. However, we do expect operating margins to remain in the 13.5% to 14% level with additional improvement in the CIS segment. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.79 and this was up 16% versus the prior quarter, due primarily to the fall through on higher sales and the benefits of our cost and productivity actions. So let's turn to Slide 10. If you look at the top half of the slide, our gross margin in the quarter was in line with guidance at 31% on lower-than-expected volumes due to the cost actions I just mentioned and the operating leverage on the sequential volume growth. We expect gross margins to be in excess of 31% in our fourth quarter. Looking at the bottom half of the slide, operating expenses, as a percentage of sales, were 17% as expected. In quarter 4, we expect research development and engineering, as well as SG&A to be approximately 5% and 12.5% of sales, respectively. Now let me discuss items on the P&L below the operating line. Please turn to Slide 11. Net interest expense was $42 million, up from $37 million in the second quarter, due to a full quarter of interest on the debt that we issued related to the Deutsch acquisition. As we discussed when we announced the Deutsch acquisition, part of the debt raised was a pre-funding of our upcoming bond maturity in October. Because of the pre-funding, our net interest expense will remain slightly elevated, again in the fourth quarter, before being reduced in 2013 by about $8 million per quarter, once we pay down the October maturity. We expect a net interest expense of approximately $40 million -- $41 million in the fourth quarter. Adjusted other income, which relates to our tax sharing agreement was $9 million. And in quarter 4, we expect other income of approximately $11 million. The GAAP effective tax rate was 25% in the quarter, and the adjusted effective tax rate was 26%, which was in line with our guidance and we expect the adjusted tax rate to be about 26% again, in the fourth quarter. Now, let me turn to free cash flow and working capital that starts on Slide 12. Our free cash flow in the second quarter was $414 million, a very strong result, and up 19% compared to last year. Cash from operations was just below $500 million. And with the strong year-to-date performance, we now expect our free cash flow to exceed $1.3 billion in 2012. At this level, free cash flow will exceed our long-term target of 100% this year. Capital spending during the quarter was $115 million. And for the full year, we expect capital spending of approximately 4% of sales, in line with our long-term expectations of 4% to 5% of sales. Working capital performance in the quarter was very strong and levels are in line with our expectations. Receivable days outstandings were 62 days and inventory days on hand, reduced to 66 days. The inventory days are a 5-day sequential improvement, and I believe we've done a very good job managing our working capital in this uncertain environment. If you could please turn to Slide 13. Let me discuss sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow. We began the quarter with $2.9 billion of cash and ended the quarter with $1.3 billion. During the quarter, we paid dividends of $90 million which reflect the 17% increase to $0.21 per share per quarter, and we used $2 billion in April to acquire Deutsch. And when you look at this slide, the $2 billion is shown, both in the acquisition line and the repayment of Deutsch debt of $642 million. In addition, we received proceeds of $394 million from the sale of our Touch and Services business. Outstanding debt was $3.76 billion at the end of the quarter, which is down about $200 million from last quarter due to the commercial paper pay down in the quarter. As I mentioned on the last call, we plan to reduce our debt levels to around the $3 billion level in 2013. As Tom mentioned earlier, with the strong free cash flow we expect for the year and the proceeds from our divestitures, we plan to restart our share repurchase program in the fourth quarter. And I want to remind you, that we have $1.5 billion still remaining under our authorization. Before I turn it back to Tom to cover the outlook, I'd also like to very quickly say, I've enjoyed my tenure and time here as TE CFO over the past 6 years, and I'd like to thank everyone, both my finance team, all of our employees, as well as our investors and analysts for their support. I'm very much looking forward to my new role, leading the Industrial Solutions segment and the opportunities that we have in the space, and I'm also confident that Bob Hau will be an excellent CFO going forward. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thank you very much, Terrence. If you turn to Slide 14, I'll talk about what we're seeing in our order trends. As I mentioned earlier, the order rate started to slow around the middle of the third quarter, particularly in CIS and Networks. And right now, orders are continuing to run around the $3.4 billion per quarter rate, which is down about 3% organically versus our last outlook. So what we saw in March and April were orders running in the $3.6 billion range, slightly higher. And then it began to soften. And as we all know, there's a great deal of uncertainty in most markets, particularly as it relates to the weak economy in Europe. In our Transportation segment, book-to-bill was 1.01. Orders continued to be solid with steady demand in the automotive and commercial aerospace markets. In CIS, book-to-bill was 0.97, with particular softness noted in the Industrial business and in the distribution channel, as customers continue to be very cautious. In Network Solutions, excluding SubCom, book-to-bill was 0.99. But spending by telecom carriers continues to be less predictable and below expected levels. The net of all this is demand in our Telecom businesses, including SubCom, is at one of the lowest levels in several years due primarily to the slow global economy. We're the leading provider of fiber connectivity. And based on the fundamental bandwidth expansion needs, we believe this -- the long-term growth of this market is going to be in the mid to high single-digit range. And we very much earn a strong position to capitalize on this growth. If you turn to Page 15 or Slide 15, I'll cover the current outlook. For the fourth quarter, we expect our sales to be in the range of $3.325 billion to $3.425 billion, which is down 2% to 5% sequentially. EPS are expected to be $0.72 to $0.76 per share, or down or 4% to 9% sequentially. Versus our prior guidance, the difference is due to a weaker economic outlook, a weak Telecom market, and the weakness in Europe and the continuing weakening euro. The euro itself is causing a decline of about $80 million in sales and a negative $0.02 earnings per share impact. If you turn to Slide 16 for our full year outlook. Full year sales are expected to be $13.25 billion to $13.35 billion, which is down slightly versus 2011 on an organic basis. Earnings are expected to be $2.82 to $2.86, also down slightly versus 2011 adjusted earnings per share of $2.95, excluding the extra week that we had in 2011. The euro has created about a 300 basis-point headwind to our overall sales growth, compared to last year, and about a $0.09 negative impact. A few final thoughts before we open it up for Q&A. It is clearly a challenging economic environment, but I think you can see where we're holding the operating margins, that we're taking the appropriate action. I continue to feel really good about our portfolio, the range of connectivity products and solutions we offer. We did make 2 big acquisitions over the last year and a half to become the leader in fiber optic connectivity and to become one of the top 2 players in hours activity, and I really think the integrations are going well. The synergies are on or ahead of plan, and this is just going to make us a stronger company for the long time. And at the same time, we continue to focus the portfolio, most recently with the divestiture of the Touch and Services business. We're getting back on track in tablets and smartphones. A small part of our business still, but we have a little momentum there. And in -- really importantly, our operating leverage is -- leverage continues to improve. And within that, as we mentioned, CIS margins are picking up momentum again, with 2 quarters in a row improvement and we expect Q4 to be at the third quarter. When you look at performance versus 2011 on a 52-week basis, second half margin will be about 50 basis points higher this year, and EPS will be about equal with the second half of 2011 on sales that are 3% lower. So again, we're managing the middle of the P&L very well in my opinion. And second half EPS will be up about 17% versus the first half of 2012. And I think our strong suit, which is our cash flow, it's going to continue to get stronger. And as Terrence mentioned, we'll start regular share repurchases this quarter. Just a little more comment on capital allocation. We're pretty much completing our first 5 years since we separated. And in that time, we generated over $7 billion of free cash flow. We used about $4.4 billion of that for return on capital and about $3.4 billion for M&A. So the ratio is about 55%, 45% return on capital. And our priorities were to #1, strengthen the needs of the company and make sure that the strategic position of the company got stronger. And of course secondly, any capital we didn't use for that, to make sure we return promptly to the shareholders. When I look forward, our priorities are going to change. I think #1 will be a consistent return of capital. We'll continue to look for bolt-on M&A in targeted markets, but I think you can think of us kind of a 2/3, capital return, 1/3, reinvest in the company. So I think we're positioned to do that. We like the make up for the portfolio and we certainly expect to get, to continue to generate strong cash flow. I think the bottom line of all that is it's definitely uncertain out there, but we're really confident in our strategy and in our ability to execute well through the challenging environment. So thank you, and now, we'll open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just have 2 questions. Tom, maybe when you look at the operating margin profile, you guys are clearly doing a good job of hitting the 14% target on sub $3.5 billion revenue now. The mix though looks like, of margin to just Transportation has been doing a lot of the heavy lifting. How do you think of margins with the other 2 segments? And could you maybe talk about what gets the other 2 segments to 14% off margins, in terms of for a revenue run rate or for the cost initiative, especially in the Network Solutions side?
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. Yes, I think your comment that Transportation has been carrying the load is right. And Networks, I think the issue there is with the bottom of the cycle. We think that I would expect that group of businesses to get back to 15% as the revenue comes up. I think inherently, it's -- the gross margins in that business are good. Some of the highest we have in the company. So it's really a volume, more of a volume issue. Clearly, we continue to drive productivity there. On the CIS, I think it was a combination of 2 things. One, the market softened and the channel correction that happened in the first half of the year, in response to that, we took a lot of cost out. So there's clearly significant cost actions we've taken in that business. And now as revenue -- even though it's not picking up, you can see us improving the margin and we should get significant lift in that business, as the margin -- as the revenue picks up.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then Tom, maybe I'm reading too much into this. But I think you said, that you guys intend to return 2/3 of the free cash flow back to shareholders. That seems a high number at 67%. Whereas in the past, you've talked about 50% to 60%. Could you verify that? And then would the split between buybacks and dividends change on a go-forward basis?
Thomas J. Lynch: Well, as I said, we ran about 55, 45 return to M&A in the first 5 years. And if my memory serves me right, about 2/3 of the return was buyback, and 1/3, dividend. So dividend is about $1.4 billion and return's about $2.9 billion in that period. I do think because we've made 2 significant acquisitions that really fill the 2 key strategic areas that by -- almost by definition, going forward, that there'll be much more focus on a consistent return of capital and bolt-on acquisitions. I would never say never, but that's what I say when I think -- when you think in terms of the model, the 55%, the 60% to 70%, is how I think of it as a return. I would expect us to continue to raise the dividend, as long as global economies are sound and our earnings are keeping in line with our target dividend yield. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Matt Sheerin representing Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the commentary on the CIS business and specifically, the channel softness. Obviously, you went through an inventory correction there. And it sounds like distributors are being more cautious. But what is sell-through look like in inventory levels? Are they bringing down inventories yet again? Or are they just being super cautious here?
Thomas J. Lynch: Matt, I think it's more of the latter, super cautious. A quarter ago, when we were all together, I think we were feeling cautiously bullish as the inventory correction was over and we saw in Q2, and in Q3 actually, the lift in sequential revenue through the channel and their sell-throughs were going up. But as this slowdown began to happen in mid-May, with U.S. jobs peaking and all those other things, everybody's just starting to dial back a little bit. I don't think the inventory and the channel, a problem. I think just that -- what we've gone through over the last 5 years, a couple of times collectively, everybody is managing that much more closely, and including ourselves, where our inventory days are actually down this quarter. I think it's just -- everybody's a little bit gun-shy.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You're getting the sense that the distribution point-of-sales has weakened as well, going into this quarter?
Thomas J. Lynch: No. I think the slope is just changed. It was ramping, and now it's flattening, and I think that's just leading the caution.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the OpEx side, it looks like you're holding margins fairly well, given the volume softness across different parts of your business. If we're in this sort of a component cycle that's stuck here and we continue to see softness, are you looking at other cost-cutting measures, whether it be in CIS or other businesses, particularly networking, where it doesn't look like things have bottomed yet?
Terrence R. Curtin: I would say, Matt, I think as we proved over the last year, if we do, we will continue to assess where are we from a volume level and we will take actions as appropriate. So I think what you can expect, and I think what you saw, like we did in CIS over the past year -- CIS was an area that we had to adjust it. We're happy that in the third quarter, we're back to prior year OI levels even on lower volume. Essentially in there, we're going to prove it. So we see markets change that fundamentally, we sort of had a higher level that we will take -- we'll evaluate further cost out. So...
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: It doesn't sound like you're at the point now where you're ready to do that. You feel like things have at least, fabbed -- aren't you getting materially worse? Is that fair or...
Thomas J. Lynch: I'd say there's not much visibility, Matt, but what we do have is a pretty robust set of alternatives of what we do, depending on the circumstances. And even though, as we entered the second half of the year, we were expecting, I'd say modest recovery and normal seasonality, we weren't -- we kept our cost structure more conservative to that. And that's why, we were able to get the margin to where it is. So that's -- we're taking a very conservative view, not in a way that would hurt our responsiveness to customers. But it's uncertain out there, and so we're managing it accordingly.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Shawn Harrison representing Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: I just wanted to talk a little bit about Deutsch. It sounds as if margins are going to be better exiting the year than you anticipated, and high single-digit revenue growth year-over-year. Maybe if you could just speak to where that revenue growth could get over the next 12 months? Can you see it accelerate, given the feedback you're getting from the channel? And then, why is profitability running a little bit better than expected?
Thomas J. Lynch: I think a couple of things. On the profitability, the teams had been tremendous at getting at the early synergy opportunities ahead of schedule. So that's helped. The revenue is off slightly, and that's economics, but it's still up year-over-year and the business is solid. I'd say it's -- we're not calling next year yet. It's a little outside our window, and we'll talk about that next quarter, but we're very bullish about the business. We do expect that we'll get lift through the channel because they -- especially in their Aerospace and Military business, they didn't really have much there and we bring a lot there. We're the biggest player to those channels. So I mean, we'll definitely be able to help that there and that's part of that channel strength comment before. And I think we'll continue to find more opportunities for cost synergy. Just because of our size, helping them buy materials cheaper, and things like that. So we feel good about it. It's a little bit hard to call the market, the end-demand environment, but -- much like we did with ADC, the end-to-end system we can offer in fiber, we have that end-to-end hours connectivity we can offer into the Industrial and commercial market, every application we can serve. So we're very, very excited about that.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, just with restarting the share purchase program and understanding that you have some debt coming due, how aggressive do think you'll be in terms of repurchasing stock during the fourth quarter?
Thomas J. Lynch: Well, we're going to get started. As you know, this quarter, I think our main thing is to be consistent within a certain range. And I think that's the thing that -- we have bought back a lot of shares, but when we've made acquisitions, we've turned it off. They were big acquisitions. You can expect us to be consistent in -- and I'd say, think about the 150 to 250 range.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to get a little bit of detail on what you're seeing or what you're hearing from customers in the networking segment, and clearly there's lots of long-term demand drivers, but as you've noted in that segment, it continues to be weak. Do you have any sense from your customers about when they expect to see a pickup in that market?
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes. We talk to them regularly. I think it really -- it's a customer-by-customer situation in that business. Last year, Europe was very strong, for example, and the customers were more aggressive even than we thought. This year, they've turned that back. I think it's some of that uncertainty. In the U.S., it started very slow because of all the strategic activities that was going on in the U.S. telecom market. So we have seen the U.S. pick up. It's just not anywhere near the rate, and it was slow last year in the second half. So I think it was a combination of caution, as well as -- if I'm going to spend a little more capital, and I believe that at -- overall, CapEx spending is down, a little more going into the wireless versus the fiber, right now. That's not unusual a few years back. The big push in the fiber to the home, or fiber deep into the premise-type program, those have slowed down. No surprise. We fully expected that. So it's really a case-by-case. And we've seen China slow a bit. It was very strong for us last year, slowing down this year.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then in terms of the consumer business, consumer devices. That has been a segment where you've been struggling. This quarter, you mentioned PC's down, but you said tablets were a bit better. Can you give us a little more detail? And do you think you're gaining share in that market?
Thomas J. Lynch: I think we're growing with the market now, Sherri. I think, as you know, we had -- before the double whammy, the customers -- our customers that were losing share, we were strong with them. We hadn't established with the customers that are winning share. So in the last year, it's been about stabilizing the business, both from a top line and a market position and a cost perspective. I think our team has done a tremendous job of doing that. And now we have, we've won several important programs that should -- I used to call it a beach head. I think it's more than a beach head for us now. Still a small part of our business. But this last quarter, in terms of the programs you want and the orders we got, we show good [ph]. So I'd say we're now growing with the market, and that tablet and smartphone market is growing 40% to 50% or 30% to 40%, something like that, and we're finally growing with that, even though it's a small part of our business. So for us, the proof point is, we can serve these customers. We have the technology, and we can get more than 1 or 2 wins. We still have to build on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Suva, representing Citi.
Samuel Meehan: This is actually Samuel Meehan, on behalf of Jim Suva. I want to get a couple more details about Europe. When you look at the weakness in Europe, European automotive, have you seen any mixed shifts or model push outs that would have a significant impact on content dollars per vehicle?
Thomas J. Lynch: No. Not really. I'd say the strength is still in the high end and a lot of that is exported from Germany to the U.S. and China, and that part is still robust. Most of the weakness is in the Southern Europe OEMs. So we have not seen any negative shifts in content because of mix of cars.
Operator: Now we have a question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: This is Ruplu filling in for Wamsi. Just -- you've talked about the margins and transport connectivity. I just wanted to touch on that again. Some margins improved quite a bit, 140 basis points sequentially. How much of that was Deutsch and how do you see -- how should we think about margins going into the September quarter? Do you think you can maintain that higher margin?
Terrence R. Curtin: #1, Deutsch as we talked on our last call, both in Transportation as well as the total company, is about 10 to 20 basis points of NOI benefit. So when you look at that part of the question -- when you look at the fourth quarter because we will have seasonal slowdown in Europe, we do participate in the shutdowns that the OEMs have. We do expect our margin in Transportation to be about 16% in the fourth quarter. I think when you look at what's offsetting that, we do expect a further improvement in our CIS segment, going the other way, that helps us to cost improvements that we've had there in CIS. The combination is going to allow us to keep our margin up in that 13.5% to 14% level, Ruplu.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, got it. Just as a follow-up on subsea. I see you've lowered the guidance a little bit from 5 20 to 4 90 for the full year. Last quarter, you talked about one contract coming in later this year. Is that the contract that is being pushed out? And you also mentioned something about $110 million. When did those come into revenue?
Terrence R. Curtin: If you look at that, Ruplu, the 110 we booked during the quarter was actually a number of smaller projects, really in the oil and gas area. The one project that we've talked about last fall, you're correct. That customer has not completed his funding yet and that's really why the revenue is down from the 140 that we expected last quarter, in fourth quarter, down to the 120. The 110 that we'd talked about, they will be contracts that start up next year and it will be as part of next year.
Operator: Again, we have a question from Amitabh Passi with UBS.
James F. Hillier - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Jim Hillier for Amitabh. I was hoping in light of some of the macro trends, you can provide us any color on the current pricing environment as well as how lead times are currently trending?
Thomas J. Lynch: Pricing overall I'd say, not any big change. I mean, I think there's always pricing pressure in the business. But we're not seeing any unusual pressure. It always feels like a lot of pressure. But nothing unusual here. So I think we'll continue to be in that -- I'd expect to be, plus or minus at 2% price erosion range.
Terrence R. Curtin: And on lead times, lead times have been at normal levels. I mean, certainly on certain products for certain customers and applications, that's specific, but on an overall basis, you look at our lead times, there's no extension or contraction of them. They've been at normal levels for most of this year.
Thomas J. Lynch: I think what we see more is just change orders. A little more frequent. So it's people waiting, waiting to buy until they get a little more sure. So it's not so much that the fundamental lead times are reducing, but we do see a little more churn in the order.
James F. Hillier - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And if I could also follow-up on your telco business. It appears that while spending has been weak, if look at the budget outlooks for some of the major North American carriers, spending looks more back half-weighted this year. And from your customer conversations, do you think that ultimately we could see some improvement in this business by year end? And also as a follow-on to that, if you any update on the NBN ramp, that would be really helpful.
Thomas J. Lynch: Say, for us, we're only 2 months away from our year end. So could there be, yes. I'd say the general feedback has been it's coming. It's coming. And it's been a little slower than obviously, than we expected. Could it happen by the end of the calendar year? I mean, our fundamental view is that pent-up demand is happening because of this. Because you still have to be able to invest more in the wireless part. You still have to get the signal in the ground to have the coverage and the capacity really work. So I'd say we expect the investment to pick up in our portion of the network, but it's hard to call the timing right now. I mean, a quarter ago, we were feeling pretty good in seeing the ramp, that it was our Q3 and Q4 which would have been the June and September quarters. We got half of what we expected in Q3 and it's not going to -- right now, our call is that it's not going to happen in Q4.
Terrence R. Curtin: And on your NBN -- NBN for our 2012 is about $20 million. We're going to -- we started to get some of that program, started to ramp here on our quarter 3. A similar amount in quarter 4. Next year, right now, we would expect that to increase up to $50 million, $60 million, as that program continues to ramp.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Tom, with the recent management changes, are you expecting any sort of -- after everyone takes over and gets set in the job, are they supposed to come back with cost savings initiatives or growth initiatives, investment suggestions?
Thomas J. Lynch: We always expect that. I think with this -- look, I think we'll get some fresh looks at things. Right? But all these 4 leaders have been in the company from anywhere from 3 to 25 years. So they may know the company pretty well. We -- they've been part of the senior team for several years now. So they understand even the business they're going into, while it may be new for them to run, they understand it pretty well. So -- but I do think that my comment on vitality, and what I mean by that is, it's good when people shift around, especially if it's not that disruptive because they've been around and they already know the business. So I do expect to get new ideas. Absolutely. I don't expect us to turn the place upside down, as a result of it. But I do expect that we're going to be stronger as a result of these changes.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. And on the Transportation side, your orders were above the growth of global OEM production. Your sales reported were slightly below that. Has that segment also been impacted by the destocking that you'd mentioned, just given the uncertainty ahead of the plant shutdowns in Europe?
Terrence R. Curtin: No. No. Really, Mike, when you look at it, what you saw in the third quarter of our sales being a little bit less in production, really just due to our Asia content per vehicle and what we've got in Japan, just being such a weight on the production growth. In the fourth quarter, we expect our sales to be greater than production and we expect it to be that way for the year. So it's really just how the production builds were going around the world.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Mike Wherley with Janney Capital.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to ask on the restructuring. So you're not talking about any further actions right now. But the restructuring that you've already done, is that going to roll through immediately in the fiscal fourth quarter? Or will it be more of a fiscal 2013 event?
Terrence R. Curtin: Most of the restructuring has to do with the Deutsch integrations. So when you look at that, it mainly relates to Deutsch and the integration of Deutsch into our structure. That will come in the relationship as we have the Deutsch integration. There are some tailing items that are coming. But most of those costs are already in, or will be in, in the fourth quarter. So some of those costs you see are tails related to prior actions.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, so in the CIS segment, for example, is the benefit already being realized in the third quarter? Or will there be some upside in the fourth quarter?
Terrence R. Curtin: As I've said, we do expect CIS margin to go up sequentially. There is a little bit more benefit because the volume's coming down. But there will be a little bit of benefit in the fourth quarter.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the smartphone and tablet commentary. Are you getting on to more platforms? I mean, I know you mentioned a few wins. But is it about a broader set of customers? Or is it more content uptake on each platform that's sort of helping you out there? Which is it more?
Thomas J. Lynch: It's more customers. It's a couple of customers we really haven't had much of a position with, and now we have a starting position with them. So we have more customers in a broader way and in a deeper way than we did a year ago, is the way I think about it.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Tom, you mentioned -- or commented on the stable trends in the automotive market. Can you talk about just how suppliers and customers are managing inventory through this environment? Did you see any type of change through the quarter?
Thomas J. Lynch: No. I think -- I mean, everybody is tight. Where we see it is, as I kind of mentioned earlier, a little more churn in the releasing of orders. So which -- I think it's typical. Right now, in Europe, we're going into the shutdown season. So the Southern OEMs are going to shut down for more than normal, but that's no surprise. We've been expecting and planning that for months. I think it will be kind of a normal shutdown in the North. But inventory levels, whether on the lot or in the channel, seem to be in pretty good shape, and our inventory levels are in good shape.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then if I could just follow up on the smartphone and tablet piece, you commented, you think you now have a beach head. Any thoughts around the types of technology? I know you've done antennas, how the kind of connectors fit in, and is there an opportunity to kind of expand your content on programs as you go forward?
Thomas J. Lynch: I think there's an opportunity to expand it, but within the products that we know best. So right now, our focus is on the key things we do, antennas connect, and connecting systems. So -- no, we're not -- not to say we will never stray from that, but I think there's just so much opportunity as we continue to get better. The good news is we have the technology. We have the products. It's for us. It's -- our problem in the past has been more about execution and the pace of execution, and we're really improving that. And now we have to build a track record. We earn a couple of programs, do well, and then we earn a few more. And that's the way we're -- the approach we're taking.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and how much -- I know you guys have talked about the management change about a year ago, in terms of the customer interface and things like that, how much has that come into play, in terms of the ability to gain traction now?
Thomas J. Lynch: The changes we did with our channel?
Terrence R. Curtin: In consumer.
Thomas J. Lynch: In consumer, I'm sorry. That's helped a lot. Organizing around the vertical markets which -- it took us a while to take the CIS and break it into these global vertical businesses. But it's -- one of the first we did was consumer and that has made a massive difference, as well as the leadership that's in that group. So they've made all the difference in the world. We have better customer intimacy and relationships and we're executing better. And we just have to keep doing it.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Anthony Kure with KeyBanc.
Anthony C. Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. Can you just talk about China, specifically how it progressed through the quarter, and if you saw any inflection points, maybe to the negative and then any change in that, relatively recently, just maybe talk about the linearity of China through the quarter if possible?
Thomas J. Lynch: I think China has been steady, but slower than we thought. When we sat there a quarter ago, we would have been expecting, and as you know, the government was keeping interest rates up, trying to cool things off, trying to cut back on some of the speculation in housing that was going on and trying to head that off and of course, balance that with economic growth. We saw that for sure, the first 2 quarters. We thought by the third quarter, that, that would begin to pass and that stimulus would happen. Now, there's still applying stimulus. It was announced and things like that, but we haven't really seen it pick up. Auto has been still very robust, although slowing a little bit slower than it's -- for sure, than it has the last couple of years, but still high. 15%, 18% for us. But a lot of our other businesses are flat to -- even slight. In some cases, slightly down. Now, some of that, is the exports are down because of Europe and U.S. But it's -- I haven't seen an inflection point. No. I'd say our people on the ground there expect things to get better because of what the government is saying. But it's hard to call.
Anthony C. Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful color. And I guess in a similar vein, instead of China, maybe on the enterprise IT market, I'm just hearing consistently now that the sea level folks make -- the decision makers here are really taking a sharper eye on budgets in the second half of the calendar year. I'm just wondering, is that -- are you seeing that? And has that had any differences among the geographies, either better or worse?
Thomas J. Lynch: I'd say we're seeing it pretty broad-based. That second quarter to third quarter, our business that serves those markets picked up, recent sequential pickup, we would have expected that. Again, go back 3 months, we would have expect some sequential pickup in Q4. We don't expect that now in this outlook. So I agree with you. We're feeling that as well.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just want to maybe talk a little bit about the commodity cost, how that's playing out in the September quarter and your progress there? And then secondly, given the fact that FX has been a fairly severe revenue and to some degree, and EPS headwind for you guys this year. Any confidence on a hedged FX on a rolling 12-month basis that you guys come up with annual guidance?
Terrence R. Curtin: Amit, it's Terrence. So 2 things. Let me take the second piece first. So #1, we do hedge transactionally. We don't hedge translationally. I mean, you are right if you look at this year. It is a significant headwind that we're dealing with, almost $400 million with the euro weakening. I don't see us changing our policy around hedging translation because of -- our earnings are also hedged because that translation comes through at the OI margin. When you look at metals. Metals is a slight benefit right now. As you know, we have a risk management process that we do on how we fix. So really when you look at it, metals are a slight benefit, not significant due to the position we put in place when copper and gold and silver were a little bit higher. So we're relatively fixed out for the next 6 to 9 months pretty firmly. There may be some benefit if metals stay where they are and later next year. But right now, it's pretty minor benefit.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And it goes on the metal hedging. It's still a rolling kind of 2 quarter-out process, right?
Terrence R. Curtin: It actually goes out 18 months. But the more current it is, the heavier we are fixed from a ratio of what we buy, and then it sort of goes out overtime. But you're right, it's a rolling 18-month program.
Thomas J. Lynch: This is Tom. Before we cut off the call. Just a few closing comments or 1 closing comment. Terrence and I have been together since we separated in the year before that in the business, and it's been -- for me, it's been fantastic. Many of you, if not all of you out there have had the opportunity to deal with Terrence and the consummate Pro. A guy who loves, and committed to the company, and he's made it a lot better. And in his new role, he's going to make it even better. So I know, it's not easy for him to unplug from this part of the job. But boy, I'll tell you, he's done a good job. He's left our organization in great shape. He's been integral in recruiting a tremendous successor. And he's going to take this other business, in my mind no question, to another level. So thank you, Terrence for everything you've done. And thanks, everybody, on the call. I appreciate it.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thank you, everyone.
Keith Kolstrom: Thanks for joining our call. Please feel free to follow up with the IR team, with any follow-up questions. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and for using the AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-04-25 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Keith Kolstrom. Please go ahead. 
Keith Kolstrom: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's second quarter 2012 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin.
 During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com.
 On April 10, 2012, we announced the planned divestitures of our Touch Solutions and Professional Services businesses which we expect to close in the fiscal third quarter. Results for these businesses are now being reported as discontinued operations for the current and prior periods. Second quarter impact versus our January guidance was a reduction in sales of about $150 million and a reduction in adjusted EPS of $0.02. Please refer to the 8-K filed on April 12, 2012 for the recast of prior period financial information.
 [Operator Instructions] Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments. 
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. If you could now please turn to Slide 3. Q2 was a solid quarter for the company. Sales of $3.25 billion were at the high end of our guidance range. Adjusted EPS of $0.68 were above the high end of guidance due to another strong quarter of performance in our Transportation segment. Free cash flow is very strong at $379 million, and our operating margin improved 90 basis points sequentially to 13%, a sequential improvement in all of our segments.
 From a strategic perspective, we continued to strengthen our portfolio with the closing of the Deutsch acquisition in early April and the planned divestiture of Touch and Services.
 Orders strengthened during the quarter, and book-to-bill excluding our SubCom business was 1.03, up from 0.98 in Q1. Market trends in our Transportation segment continue to be strong, particularly in Automotive and commercial Aerospace.
 Telecom, DataComm and appliance markets started to show some strength in the quarter, coming off a relatively weak Q1. Industrial Equipment markets were up slightly in the quarter, however, the improvement is coming a little slower than we expected. Our Consumer business was down slightly as expected.
 Overall, orders are picking up. But there is still a fair amount of uncertainty in the global economy. On a regional basis, we see strengths in most U.S. markets. And in Europe and Asia the markets remain mixed, with the exception of Automotive.
 The company's operating margin was back at 13%, as all of our businesses improved margins in the quarter. And importantly, CIS profitability improved sequentially by about 150 basis points on essentially flat revenue. We do expect CIS margins to be back to the double-digit operating level in the second half.
 Our outlook for the full year is for sales of $13.5 billion to $13.8 billion; adjusted EPS of $2.88 to $2.98 per share; and free cash flow of approximately $1.3 billion.
 Compared to our view of a quarter ago, the Automotive market is a bit stronger. Industrial markets are improving, but not as much as we had thought. And revenues in the SubCom business are down due to customer funding delays. The net effect is that our full year guidance is down by approximately $100 million in revenue and $0.03 in earnings per share. We do expect -- we continue to expect to have a strong ramp in the second half, with revenues up 13% and EPS increasing 24%. We also expect our adjusted operating margins to improve to the 14% level in the second half.
 Now please turn to Slide 4. We're very excited to have Deutsch join TE. They provide a broad range of harsh environment connectivity solutions, and fill an important gap that exists in our product portfolio. As we've indicated before, we expect to grow revenue of Deutsch products at the 8% to 10% per year range and improve the EBITDA of the business from current levels of about 26% to approximately 30% in year 3. We're going to do this by leveraging our scale and our supply chain, integrating our go-to-market organizations and leveraging our strong position in emerging markets.
 For the remainder of 2012, we expect Deutsch to contribute approximately $370 million in sales and $0.08 of EPS, consistent with what we've indicated earlier. This is about 9% revenue growth versus last year for that business. Our expectation for fiscal 2013 for Deutsch remains the same as previously communicated, approximately $760 million of sales and $0.20 of EPS.
 Now I'm going to turn over to Terrence to take you through the quarter in more detail. 
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I just want to highlight, as Keith mentioned, that all the numbers I'll review today as I go through the financials reflect the treatment of our Touch and Professional Service businesses as discontinued operations.
 If you could please turn to Slide 5 and let me get started with our sales performance. Total company sales were $3.25 billion, which was at the high end of our guidance and they were down 3% year-over-year on an actual basis and down 1% on an organic basis. The difference between the actual and organic growth was driven by the effects of a stronger dollar compared to last year.
 We continued to see strong growth in our Transportation segment, which grew 7% versus last year, while our CIS segment was down 12% and our Network Solutions segment declined 6% due to slowness in certain end markets, as well as the impact of inventory adjustments by our customers.
 On a sequential basis, our sales grew 3% on an actual basis and 4% organically. The sequential growth was in line with our expectations in both the CIS and Network segments, and was better than expected in our Transportation segment.
 Looking at our revenue by geography and on an organic basis versus last year, our sales were flat in Asia and down 2% in the Americas and Europe.
 Now let me get into more highlights in key markets in each of our segments. And unless I indicate otherwise, all changes I discuss will be on an organic basis, which excludes the effect of currencies and acquisitions. So please turn to Slide 6. In our Transportation Solutions segment, we had another strong quarter. Sales increased 7% on an actual basis versus the prior year and 9% organically. In the Automotive market, our sales increased 9% versus the prior year and sales were up 13% in Asia, 12% in the Americas, as well as 4% in Europe. Global vehicle production was approximately 21 million units in the quarter, and this was up 4% compared to the prior year.
 Vehicle production trends are positive in both North America and Asia, however, the Europe region remains soft and production was down 5%. We do expect third quarter production to be flat with quarter 2 at about 21 million units, and we expect full year production estimates at around 81 million vehicles, which is a 5% increase versus prior year. This vehicle growth in production is occurring in North America and Asia, offset by a slight decline in Europe on a total year basis. And we expect our full year revenues to grow about 7%.
 In the Aerospace, Defense & Marine market, our sales were up 13% versus the prior year. This growth was due to strong demand and increased share in both the commercial aerospace and oil and gas markets. For the segment overall in the third quarter, we expect the Transportation revenues to be up 7% on an organic basis compared to the prior year, which does exclude Deutsch. And Deutsch is expected to add an additional $190 million to revenue in the segment in the third quarter.
 Please turn to Slide 7 so I can discuss our CIS segment. In this segment, total sales declined 12% on both an organic and actual basis versus the prior year. Sequentially, sales were flat as we expected. In the industrial market, sales were down 14% versus the prior year, but did improve sequentially by 3%. And we expect an additional 5% to 7% sequential increase in our third quarter. We are seeing this market start to pick up, but not as much as we previously had anticipated.
 In the DataComm market, which includes sales to the communication equipment, server, storage and wireless equipment markets, our sales were down 18% versus last year due to reduced broadband and wireless spending. Sales were flat sequentially, and we continue to expect improvement in the second half in this market of our fiscal year. 
 In the Consumer Device area, our revenues were down 8% versus the prior year due to continued softness in the PC, feature phone and consumer electronic markets. And in the appliance business, we were down 6% versus the prior year due to soft demand in Europe and Asia. However, our sales did grow 13% sequentially due to an improved demand picture in the U.S.
 In quarter 3, we expect our CIS segment revenues to grow sequentially 7% to 10% with improvement in all of the markets.
 Let's turn to Network Solutions, and if you could please turn to Slide 8. Total sales were down 6% at actual rates and down 4% on an organic basis versus the prior year. We did see an improvement sequentially of about 4%. In the Telecom Networks market, our sales were down 6% versus the prior year, but we saw improvement of 6% sequentially. The year-over-year declines were in line with our expectations due to reduced carrier spending in the U.S., but we did see order rates improve in the quarter, and we expect this momentum will continue through the balance of the year.
 In the Energy market, our sales were up a strong 9% versus the prior year with growth in all regions led by over 20% growth in the Americas, which was due to increased customer investment as well as increased market share. We expect to see normal sequential -- seasonal growth in the second half of the fiscal year as investment in distribution, transmission and power generation continues to increase around the world.
 In the Enterprise Networks market, our sales were essentially flat, as strength in data center investment was offset by declines in office network spending.
 And finally in our SubCom business, our sales declined 19% year-over-year. Several projects that we've talked to you about that have been awarded still have not come into force. We currently expect that quarter 3 sales will be similar to quarter 2 levels at $120 million of revenue, which is lower than we anticipated a quarter ago. We do expect to step up in quarter 4 to about $140 million in revenue, as we do expect one of the contracts to come into force later in Q3. We now expect that the SubCom business revenue will be about $520 million in 2012 compared to our prior expectations of $600 million.
 Overall, we expect in quarter 3 Network Solutions segment sales will be up about 9% sequentially despite softness that we have in SubCom.
 Let me now discuss earnings. Let's get started on Slide 9. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $385 million, which includes $32 million of restructuring and other charges and $4 million of charges related to the acquisition of Deutsch.
 We continue to expect $75 million of cash charges related to the acquisition of Deutsch. About 1/2 of these cash charges will be incurred in 2012, and the remainder will come primarily in 2013. In addition to these cash acquisition costs, we currently estimate about $55 million of non-cash acquisition charges that will be driven by purchase accounting. The majority of these non-cash charges will occur in our third quarter, with the remainder primarily occurring in the fourth quarter.
 Turning back to quarter 2 results. Our adjusted operating income was $421 million in the quarter with an adjusted operating margin of 13%. Both growth -- gross and the operating margins were above our original outlook for the second quarter. The 90 basis points of sequential improvement in our adjusted operating margin resulted from the cost actions we initiated over the past 9 months, as well as continued strong performance in our Transportation segment. All segments had sequential operating margin improvement. 
 Also at the revenue levels we expect in the second half of $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion per quarter, we continue to expect the operating margins to improve to about 14%.
 On an adjusted EPS basis for the quarter, we reported $0.68. This was above the high end of our guidance range due primarily to the higher operating income.
 Please turn to Slide 10. If you look at the top left of the slide, our adjusted gross margin in the quarter improved 170 basis points sequentially and was back to 2011 levels of approximately 31% due to the cost actions and the operating leverage on the sequential volume growth. We expect that our gross margins will stay approximately 31% in the third quarter.
 If you look at the bottom half of the slide, operating expenses as a percentage of sales were 18.4%. In quarter 3, we expect that RD&E and SG&A of approximately 5% and 12% of sales respectively, as we leverage our operating expense structure on the higher sales volume.
 Let me turn and discuss items on the P&L below the operating line. If you could please turn to Slide 11. Net interest expense was $37 million in the quarter, up from $34 million last quarter due to the issuance of debt in advance of the Deutsch acquisition.
 As we discussed when we announced the Deutsch acquisition, part of the debt raised was a pre-funding of our upcoming bond maturity in October. Because of the pre-funding, our net interest expense will remain slightly elevated at approximately $42 million per quarter in the second half before being reduced in 2013 by about $8 million per quarter once we pay down our October maturity. Other income, which relates to our Tax Sharing Agreement, was $11 million in the quarter. We expect in quarter 3 it will be approximately $9 million.
 On the effective tax rate on both a GAAP and adjusted basis, the effective tax rate was 25.3% and we expect the adjusted tax rate to be about 26% in quarter 3 and in quarter 4.
 If you could please turn to Slide 12, let me now discuss free cash flow. Our free cash flow in quarter 2 was $379 million, which was a very strong result. Cash from operations was $481 million, and we continue to expect free cash flow for the full year to approximately net income at $1.3 billion.
 Capital spending during the quarter was $140 million or about 4% of sales, and for the full year we continue to expect that capital spending will be in the 4% to 5% of sales range, in line with our long-term expectations.
 Please turn to Slide 13, so I can talk about cash, debt and liquidity. We ended the quarter with $2.9 billion of cash, and we used $2.05 billion of that cash in April to acquire Deutsch. Outstanding debt temporarily increased to $4 billion at the end of the quarter due to the borrowing for the Deutsch acquisition. We expect to reduce this debt level to approximately $3 billion following the payment of our $700 million debt maturity in October.
 During the quarter, we paid $76 million of dividends. And as we talked on the last call, in March, our shareholders approved the increase we proposed in the dividend to $0.21 per quarter, and this dividend rate will go into effect with the June dividend payment.
 I also want to highlight, related to the planned divestiture of Touch and Professional Services businesses, that with the generation of the $400 million of proceeds that we expect to get as these deals close in the third quarter, we anticipate restarting our share repurchase program in the fourth quarter.
 So if you could please turn to Slide 14 and let me briefly discuss order trends. Total company orders in the quarter were $3.2 billion, and the book-to-bill was 1.03 excluding SubCom. Our book-to-bill rate in the Transportation segment was 1.02, where orders continue to be strong due to the steady demand in the Automotive and commercial aerospace markets. 
 In Network Solutions, excluding SubCom, our book-to-bill was 1.08 and was driven both by normal seasonality and the increased spending by the carriers in the second half compared to our first half.
 In our CIS segment, our book-to-bill was 1.01, which is a big improvement versus the prior quarters, as channel inventories return to more normal levels and we see the improvement that we expected as we ramp in the second half.
 So let me now turn it back to Tom, who will cover the outlook. 
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. Please turn to Slide 15. For the third quarter, we expect our sales to be in the range of $3.55 billion to $3.65 billion, up about 11% sequentially, and earnings to be in the $0.77 to $0.81 per share range, up 16% sequentially.
 And now, if you'll turn to Slide 16 for our full year outlook. We expect sales to be in the range of $13.5 billion to $13.8 billion, and EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.88 to $2.98 per share.
 Now just to kind of recap here before we go to Q&A and highlight what I think are the key things. In Q2, we did see orders strengthen. That was important to set up the rest of the year. Orders were up 8% over the Q1 level. As we've pointed out, segment operating margins improved across all of our segments. And importantly, CIS is close to that double-digit range again and we did have a strong cash flow quarter. And as we look in the second half, we expect sales to grow 6% to 8% organically compared to the first half at about 12%, including Deutsch. And as I just mentioned, we expect second half EPS of $1.62 compared to $1.31 in the first half.
 Also we'll be back at the 14% operating margin level, at around the $14 billion revenue level as our operating leverage is kicking back in as the volume picks up. And as Terrence pointed out, with the divestitures of -- the divestiture of the Touch and Services business, it's likely that in late Q3 or Q4, we'll get back into our share repurchase program.
 And then finally, again, the Deutsch acquisition is a tremendous acquisition for us. It will contribute $0.08 this year and $0.20 next year. Strategically, it gives us a product line we haven't had. And for 2 of our businesses, our Aerospace, Defense and Marine business, that's now going to be a $1 billion-plus business for us. And our Industrial Transportation business, which is part of our Automotive business, is going to be close to $1 billion business. So it really strengthens the portfolio and strengthens our industry position, so we're very happy to have the Deutsch team as part of TE.
 So with that, I will open up for questions. If you could, Mr. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Shawn Harrison, representing Longbow Research. 
Shawn Harrison: Just first question I wanted to delve into, I guess, kind of the auto markets and any disconcerting trends you're seeing there. And then long term, where do you think the EBIT margins of the TS business should be, given the inclusion of Deutsch now? 
Tom Lynch: No real disconcerting trends in the auto market, Shawn. I would say China is clearly -- has been, and we expect for a couple of quarters to be growing much slower than it has since the financial crisis in 2009. It's in the low to mid-single-digit growth rate. We're growing about twice that, but I would -- we don't see any disconcerting trends in orders. This far in April, it continues to be solid. And as Terrence pointed out, auto production is going to continue to run at the 20 million to 21 million level per quarter. 
Terrence Curtin: And Shawn, on your second part of your question related to OI margins, our Transportation segment's running at 16% now. When you take in, certainly, the EBITDA that we quoted, Deutsch will be around 27% in our guidance. When you take out the purchase accounting, amortization, depreciation, it gets Deutsch to about 17% right now, OI. That's only about a 10-basis-point improvement in Automotive or our Transportation segment, so it's actually only a slight increase. And on the total company for this year, it's about a 10 to 20-basis-point increase. 
Shawn Harrison: And long term, do you think that Deutsch should be closer to a 20% OI, correct? 
Terrence Curtin: Correct. 
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then just a follow-up question. Where do you think you are in terms of just completing some of the restructuring and cost reduction actions in the other businesses? Have we kind of seen the full benefits of that or are more of those to come during the back half of the fiscal year? 
Tom Lynch: I'd say, Shawn, the big structural, restructuring is largely behind us. We did have a little bit more related to the CIS business. We've been -- we've reorganized that business over the last 6 months, and it's a leaner structure now. But I would say, Terrence, no big structural. I think we'll always be fine-tuning the business as the trends shift and production shifts to follow-up customers. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. I think, Shawn, when you look at it, certainly this quarter, we had -- you saw the benefit of some of the cost actions we took. As you saw on flat revenue, the margin went up 150 basis points. We still, even though in the industrial market, volume is a little bit lower. As you go through the year, we do -- we still see CIS getting up in the fourth quarter to about the 12% rate, so we still continue to see that benefit coming based upon the cost actions we've taken. 
Operator: Next question today comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. 
Amit Daryanani: Just have a question on the Transportation side. Specifically on Europe being up 4% organically, do you have a fear or sense that you may be potentially pulling in some production from the back half to the earlier part of the year? Given car registration -- the new car registration in Europe are tracking well below the production number I think so far in calendar Q1. And then any impact coming from the explosion at a resin manufacturing plant in Germany? And if you could talk about if that's encompassing your forward guidance? 
Tom Lynch: No, we don't see any of that related to pull-ins. Remember, a lot of the auto production in Germany is export, and what we're seeing is even though China, for example, is growing only in single digits now, the high-end vehicles are still growing much higher than that. So there is that impact. It's not being driven by local European demand, but you're right. That is down. It's still more export power. 
Terrence Curtin: And on the resin question, we don't anticipate any meaningful stop in production in our guidance related to that based upon where we see production levels right now. 
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. And then maybe if you -- if I look at operating margins for the back half at 14%, about 100-basis-points improvement from the Q2 level, could you maybe just walk us through how much of that benefit is from Deutsch coming in versus divestitures versus organic leverage? I think the leverage is probably 50% of that margin expansion. I just want to confirm that. 
Tom Lynch: Most of that is organic leverage or due to the volume flow-through picking up 10% plus. 
Terrence Curtin: In your categories, because of the divestitures, between Touch and Services, that really does not benefit or rate that much of our rate. Deutsch, as I said, is 10 to 20 basis points, so when you look at that expansion... 
Tom Lynch: On Transportation... 
Terrence Curtin: On -- and overall. And also overall. And when you at really improvement in Network Solutions and CIS based upon the volume leverage and prior cost actions. 
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with BoA Merrill Lynch. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: This is Ruplu filling in for Wamsi. First, I just wanted to touch on the guidance for Deutsch. It looks like you're guiding for $0.08 for this fiscal year and $0.20 for next fiscal year, but that seems a little bit conservative because from what I understood, Deutsch has about a 5% to 6% annual growth rate or that's what I remember. So is the $760 million revenue for fiscal '13, is that a conservative estimate? And because you're getting $0.08 for 2 quarters and then you're guiding $0.20 for the full year, so I just wanted to get your -- some clarification on that. 
Terrence Curtin: A couple of things. When you look at it, Ruplu, certainly there's seasonality in their business that the first half is typically lighter than the second half. So when we look at things right now, we believe the guidance we gave previously is appropriate and certainly, just taking a second half and annualizing it for the Deutsch business, there'll be a little bit of seasonality in our first and second quarters next year. So it's still in line with what we said when we announced the acquisition. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, great. And just wanted to ask on the -- in CIS, in terms of inventory corrections, do you think at least in the industrial inventory corrections are done with? Or do you expect to some of that to also flow into the third quarter? 
Tom Lynch: I think it's substantially complete, and we're looking for a sequential growth in industrial in the high-single digits. So I think most of it is behind us. And as long as end demand also begins to pick up, we're hearing that -- from our big distributors that their inventory levels are pretty close to where they like them to be. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs. 
Craig Hettenbach: Just wanted to follow up, Tom, on Deutsch. Some of the pushback, I think, on that deal was on the price side. So if you can just walk through your view of some of the synergies, particularly on the top line side and any feedback? I know it's early on, but whether it's from your sales force, channel partners in terms of the portfolio for Deutsch and implications for growth. 
Tom Lynch: Well, the feedback from our channel partners is extremely positive. And as you know, we've been doing a lot to strengthen our channel business, which was always strong given the size of the company. But in the last 3 years, it's gotten stronger. And this was a product line we didn't have. So through the channel, it's really important the broader the product line, the better. And this is an attractive product line because it's very high end and highly engineered. So we see a fair amount of synergy through the channel. We also see the ability to take this into other markets where we don't have a circular connector product line. That'll take probably a couple of years to do that. And then as I mentioned in my comments, the ability to leverage our supply chain, and I mean we're very, very bullish on the -- both the channel and customer synergies, the emerging market synergies and the opportunity to take our scale, our connector business, being about a $10 billion business, and help out the Deutsch business, which is about a $700 million business. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. And on the cost side, Craig, just to reiterate. In addition to the supply chain, when we look at taking the EBITDA from $26 million to $30 million, 1/2 of that is in the gross margin area. The other half was in the OpEx structure. Some of it relates to synergies in the back office, as well as the go-to market. So when we look at that, that's just getting started and I think we're off to a good start on the integration. So from that viewpoint, early indicators are positive. 
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. And then if I could, as a follow-up, it looks like a nice snapback for the networks and comm business into the June quarter. Can you talk about what you're hearing from customers there? And any notable trends by geography to highlight? 
Tom Lynch: I think you're just seeing in the DataComm equipment side, it's probably a little more that the inventories are getting back and balanced, so there's not the penalty in the sense that we've been going through having too much inventory in the channel and therefore, the negative adjustment that occurs. And we are seeing some pickup in end demand, but I'd say most of the benefit in the sequential growth is inventory-related in a positive way. And in the telecom, as you know, in the U.S., and to some extent in Europe, the spending in our Q4 and Q1 was down. A lot of it related to everything that was going on with the big carriers and some of those previous issues we're shaking out. But we're seeing that spending to get back. Now spending for the full year in the carrier business is still going to be relatively flat to slightly down. So it was a big year last year. You had a low first half this year, kind of a recovery in the second half. And hopefully, we would expect to get back into a more normal spending next year. But no big discernible trends, I would say. Terrence? 
Terrence Curtin: No. I mean, to Tom's point and the Telecom Network space and when you look at North America specifically, we expect our business to be basically flat year-over-year in the second half. So it's certainly improving nicely sequentially as spending starts to pick back up. So from that viewpoint, it's sort of happening as we expected 3 months ago. 
Tom Lynch: Well, NBN does kick in, in the second half for us. So not huge, but it starts to build. Everything's getting lined up for that right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. 
Samuel Meehan: This is Samuel Meehan on behalf of Jim Suva. Now that we've anniversaried the closing of ADC, do you mind giving an update on the acquisition targets? I recognize that ADC contributed $150 million of incremental sales this quarter. But on the cost side, are you hitting the goals of, I think, originally outlined $100 million of cost savings and 1/3 of that should be on the manufacturing restructuring? And then expectations for double-digit operating margins in this segment? 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, Samuel. It's Terrence. On that, if you actually look, we basically, right now in this quarter will have, since we acquired them, about $25 million of run rate cost synergies. So when you look at that, we're right on target with what we said publicly. And that's about a $15 million improvement year-over-year. So last year in the second quarter, we had about $9 million in this quarter. So from a cost perspective, the ADC is right on, certainly from a volume, the AT&T items we talked about in North America. Volume was a little bit softer. And as volume comes back, we do believe we'll be right on with the acquisition targets we laid out. So volumes a little bit of pressure, but the cost side's right on. 
Samuel Meehan: Okay. And then given ADC and also Deutsch, can you just remind us TEL's M&A strategy going forward? 
Tom Lynch: Sure. I think we've laid out, but happy to relay out. Fundamentally, very strategic-driven, meaning we don't sit and wait for somebody to give us the call. So it's areas that, for several years now, that we wanted to establish leadership position with ADC, gave us a leadership position in the Telecom Networks business, tremendous fiber optic portfolio. With Deutsch, it fills that hole in both Aerospace, Defense and Industrial Transportation and gives us the product line for our broader industrial business to give us the full range. I mean, we had a pretty full range before and this really gives us a great product range. And then as we look forward, we do -- we like the energy infrastructure business. We like the industrial business. They're both pretty fragmented businesses in the sense that they're served by lots of companies like ourselves, and we do have a leading position there. But there's still, I believe, the opportunity over the years. So that's where we focus our efforts right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS. 
Amitabh Passi: Terrence, perhaps the $130 million volume adjustment you've made to the full year guidance, is the bulk of that coming from your Subsea segment? It sounds like you took that from $600 million to $520 million. I'm wondering if you can just help us understand where you see those volume adjustments coming from, the $130 million that you called out? 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. When you -- you are right on that, Amitabh. So when you look at it and take Deutsch out, take the discount, moving pieces out, when you look at it, it's actually auto is a little stronger, as you saw in the second quarter. And then the 2 areas where it's weaker than we guided 3 months ago is SubCom certainly to the projects. We've been winning our fair share of the projects, but some of the funding's been taking a little bit slower. We expected one project that's based in Asia to come into force earlier. We expect that to come into June. Certainly, that project's going to ramp lower than we expected. That's the $80 million. The other piece, as both Tom and I indicated, the industrial markets and our CIS business were ramping nicely. They just were ramping a little bit slower. So that's the other area which was a little bit slower than 3 months ago, but the number you stated, the $130 million, is right on. Really SubCom and industrial are the areas that are a little bit slower. 
Amitabh Passi: And then just as my follow-up, can you give us some sense of how we should be thinking about SubCom looking out of fiscal '13? And then maybe any sense of the NBN ramp as we move into fiscal '13? 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Starting with SubCom, when you think about SubCom, we feel that right now, you should probably think about SubCom at $600 million next year. So as these projects come into force, certainly we will always update you. It can be a lumpy business. So if some more projects come into force, it could be higher than that. But right now, let's say you should think about $600 million. In NBN, NBN in our current year, really in our third and fourth quarter, as Tom mentioned, is about $25 million, $30 million of revenue this year. That could ramp, depending upon deployment, up into the $100 million range per annum over the next 10 full years as we talked previously. So we're starting to see in our third quarter some NBN activity as they're mobilizing their deployment and how that goes could go up to about $100 million per annum based upon the ramp. Then that could get up there maybe next year. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steven Fawkes representing Cross Research. 
Steven Fox: First question, just going back on Deutsch. I thought I heard that you said it's -- the business has been growing about 9% year-to-date, which I think would be a little bit faster than you would have said back in December. So maybe if you could just dive into what the trends are specifically at Deutsch that you've been able to analyze since you've acquired it? And then secondly on Deutsch, how quickly can you start putting those products into your own distribution channel? What sort of time line have you laid out with your channel partners to expand your product offering there? 
Terrence Curtin: Let me take the first part. This is Terrence. When you look at Deutsch, it is, if you take their second half to second half, the $370 million, they're growing about 9%. When you look at -- they are getting a little bit of benefit to some penetration in the oil and gas area that is creating that growth and this compare to be towards the 9% area. In the Aerospace and the Industrial Transportation, it's closer to that 6%. So right now they are getting some favorable momentum with some projects they won in the oil and gas area, which as we discussed previously, was sort of an emerging area. So right now, it is a little bit stronger than we said, really due to oil and gas, some of the contracts that they've won. And we still believe we can keep that over a long term up to 8% to 10% over a long-term period versus their 6%, which was more over the past decade growth that we've stated previously. 
Tom Lynch: And then from the channel perspective, we would expect to begin in the fourth quarter. We're working through the process now in the evaluation that we select. 
Steven Fawkes: Is that on a global basis or do you start on -- in certain regions first? 
Tom Lynch: It would be -- it's with a big global distributor, so I would expect that you'd see the earliest impact in the U.S. and Europe. 
Steven Fawkes: Great. And then just 2 quick follow-up questions. Just so I'm clear, all of Deutsch is going into the Aerospace, Defense & Marine line or is it going to be spread out a little bit into the auto as well? 
Tom Lynch: It's in the Transportation segment, which part of that is Aerospace, Defense & Marine and part of it is Automotive. The Industrial Transportation piece goes into Automotive. 
Terrence Curtin: And, Steve, just to let you know, that 60% of Deutsch goes into Industrial Transportation which, as we reported, is Automotive. And the remainder would go into the Aerospace and Defense piece. 
Steven Fawkes: And then very last question, just do you have a combined D&A estimate for the quarter, Terrence? I might have missed that but... 
Terrence Curtin: For Deutsch, for next quarter, that will be about $20 million of D&A, both as our current estimate in quarter 3 and quarter 4 for Deutsch as we ramp up the purchase accounting. 
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Matthew Sheerin: I know that you put some selective price increases through in the last quarter or so. Was that successful and sticking? And did that help margins at all in the quarter? 
Terrence Curtin: Most of the pricing was done earlier than that. I mean, there is -- it's -- there is a catch-up effect, depending on the terms on your contracts and the timing. So a little bit, but the majority of that came late last year. 
Matthew Sheerin: Okay. And looking at the recent divestitures. As you look at the business and the various moving parts, is there anything else that you're looking at in terms of divesting here and that, I guess, segues into your long-term commitment to the Subsea cable business, which is obviously not as synergistic as the rest of the business? 
Tom Lynch: There's not anything else that's active. I mean, we appropriately evaluate the portfolio regularly. As far as Subsea goes, I like that business a lot. I think we like that business a lot because we're the world leader in it and it's not easy to get those kind of positions. It's been a bit of a down cycle now, but it's still a good business even in the down cycle. And as you know, when the up cycle comes, it's a fabulous business. So no, that's -- no plans for Subsea. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. 
Sherri Scribner: I wanted to get a sense -- I think you had some comments about the inventory correction. Maybe we're starting to see a bottom, but we need to see demand pick up in the channel. I wanted to get a sense from you what you're hearing from your channel partners. Have you started to see a pickup in the channel at this point? Or is that more expectations that we'll see pick up as we move through the rest of the year? 
Tom Lynch: Yes, we have. And I think it's still more driven by the customers of the channel partner, the end customers' inventories coming back in line and therefore, the channel inventories come back online. But yes, we have seen sequential growth in this current quarter, and we expect it in the third quarter. 
Sherri Scribner: Okay. And then in terms of the guidance for the fiscal third quarter, it looks like you're expecting pretty strong growth across the board. Clearly in Transportation, you'll benefit from the Deutsch acquisition but also in networking and CIS of 8% to 9%. What is giving you the confidence that we'll see that type of growth? Are you -- do you have strong orders in terms of customer forecast? Are you starting to see a pickup thus far into the quarter? But what really gives you that confidence? 
Tom Lynch: It's the orders of the last couple of months. So the order rate picked up as we expected it in the middle of the second quarter and has been tracking, largely tracking to the third quarter. And you're right, most of the pickup is in CIS and in networks. And there's a pretty significant seasonal pattern to network because energy and telecom is really a business that's mostly outside, so there's always a seasonal pickup there. And CIS is -- much of anything, you've got a little bit of an end demand pickup but you do have the benefit of inventories not correcting anymore. So that -- those are the 2 big things. I think if you were to take the benefit of the inventory not correcting out, you would have seen a higher second quarter revenue and a lower ramp in the third quarter. But the order rates through April so far are running just about this level. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital. 
Mike Wood: I know it's fiscal, but can you give color in terms of the outperformance that you had in organic auto growth versus vehicle production? And maybe how much you'd attribute this to content in like vehicles versus the mix from higher price points in cars? 
Tom Lynch: I'd say it's really 3 things. It's -- it is content continuing to grow. It is mix. So as I mentioned about China, for example, a little bit of mix. And it is share from -- when things were of that in '09, we kept investing in engineering, and we're really seeing the benefits across the world, especially in the U.S. when we -- we've always been really, really strong in Europe and Asia. And because of the U.S. automakers, for most of their existence that captive -- connector suppliers, so we had been chipping away at that share and invested in the down times, and that's paying off. So it's split to kind of those 3 reasons. 
Mike Wood: Okay. And is there any mixed shift to your positive or negative from the relatively weaker trends in Europe either via share or content? 
Tom Lynch: Not material. 
Operator: Final question today comes from the line of Anthony Kure with KeyBanc. 
Anthony Kure: Just wanted to delve a little bit into the telecom carrier spending. Obviously, what you're looking for in the second half has been pretty well discussed. But looking at CapEx trends, I think from the carriers, at least in the U.S., generally flat year-over-year. And as you think about what happened last year and the spending trends this year, and then just given sort of the secular trends of data sort of flooding these markets, can you just talk about what expectations you have for CapEx trends over the next couple of years in broad terms? 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, when you look at that, Tony, number one, like you said, we expect in the second half to be flat year-over-year in North America. And we do expect places like Asia to pick up around NBN. As we look going out, carrier CapEx with the broadband, we expect it'll be slightly up. A lot of that relates to being focused on the broadband deployment on the fiber side. So we continue to think fiber growth of our portfolio in the Telecom Network will grow about double digit. So we still see those trends occurring. Certainly early this year, we took a little bit of pause with some of what was going on in some of the customers in that area. But overall, that's how we see it going out. 
Tom Lynch: I would say longer -- I mean over time, we would expect our business in that area to grow 6% to 8%. If you take what it grew last year and this year, it's going to be on average high teens last year and flat this year. It is a little bit more lumpy business, but the drive for fiber, the need for fiber is, I mean, it's there. There's no -- really no choice, even with the LTE and in many ways, you'd still -- you're going to have more fiber connection points, fibers replacing coax on the antennas up to the towers. So we're still really bullish on this business, and we have a terrific product line. 
Operator: Gentlemen, if you have any closing remarks? 
Keith Kolstrom: No. Just want to say thanks, everyone, for joining the call and feel free to call the IR team with any follow-up questions. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-01-25 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TE Connectivity reports fiscal first quarter results. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Keith Kolstrom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Keith Kolstrom: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's first quarter 2012 results. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin.
 During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at te.com. [Operator Instructions].
 Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments. 
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. If you'd please turn to Slide 3, Q1 was a slow start to the fiscal year for us. We anticipated a slow start, but it was softer than expected. Sales in the first quarter of $3.3 billion were up 3% overall versus last year and were down 3% organically. And this excludes currency translation in the ADC acquisition. And the sales level was about 3% below the guidance range. And I'll come back to this in a minute. 
 Adjusted earnings per share were $0.66, $0.04 below the midpoint of our guidance range driven by the revenue shortfall. Free cash flow was $85 million in Q1, which is in line with our expectations, and orders were $3.2 billion in Q1, with the book to bill excluding our SubCom business of 0.98.
 Now as we came off a strong fiscal year '11, we did expect the first quarter of our fiscal year '12 to be down sequentially by more than just normal seasonality because of continued inventory corrections and the slowdown in the telecom market, particularly the North American telecom market. Our Q1 guidance was a sequential decline of about 5% to 7% in revenue and approximately $0.15 EPS. We ended up being down 9% in revenue and 18% in EPS.
 When we reaffirmed our guidance at our Investor Meeting in early December, revenue and earnings were tracking in the range. However, sales dipped below this rate in the last 4 weeks of the month, particularly in our European businesses and in the North American telecom market. This impacted our Network and CIS segments and more than offset another strong quarter in our Transportation business where revenue grew 7%.
 Despite the lower sales volumes in Q1, we were able to maintain our adjusted operating margins above 12% due to the pricing and cost reduction actions we implemented to the second half of last year and into early this year. At the $3.3 billion revenue level, the 12% margins were in line with the model we communicated at our Investor Meeting.
 Let me say a few words about our outlook. Then, I'll turn it over to Terrence and well come back and talk about the outlook in more detail at the end of the quarter. The order softness in Q1 -- and our orders were about $3.2 billion, which was lower than we expected -- will result in Q2 revenues and earnings about equal with the Q1 level. On an organic basis, Transportation and Networks will be up slightly sequentially and CIS will be flat. The weaker euro will have a negative impact on revenue of about $50 million versus the prior guidance. We do expect a stronger second half due to normal seasonality and inventory levels in the channel getting back in balance. I'll cover this in more detail later on.
 And as the volume returns, we do expect our earnings to accelerate at the expected second half revenue levels of $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion per quarter. I expect ROI margins to be back at the 14% range and EPS to be back above $0.80 a quarter.
 Now let me shift gears a minute, and I'll give you a brief update on the Deutsch acquisition. The acquisition continues to proceed as planned. In December, we received French workers council approval and continue to expect the deal to close in our third quarter pending final regulatory approvals. We continue to be very, very excited about adding Deutsch's industry-leading harsh connectivity products and strengthening the portfolio on our Transportation segment, where our end market demand continues to be solid.
 Now I'll turn it over to Terrence to discuss the first quarter in detail, and I'll come back and cover the outlook, including the change versus prior guidance. Terrence? 
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. If you could please turn to Slide 4 and let me give you an update on the sales performance. Total company sales of $3.3 billion were up 3% year-over-year on an actual basis but down 3% organically. The slight year-on-year increase was driven by 7% growth in our Transportation Solutions segment and the acquisition of ADC, which contributed $185 million of additional quarter 1 sales. And to remind you, we closed that acquisition back in December of 2010. Partially offsetting these positives were organic declines in the Network Solutions segment of about 3% and the Communication and Industrial Solutions segment of 13%.
 On a sequential basis, our sales declined 9% from our 13-week fourth quarter revenue with $3.6 billion. Our quarter 1 guidance was based on an expected sequential decline of about 5% based on the 13-week fourth quarter. As Tom mentioned, larger-than-expected declines in North American telecom spending and our businesses that serve the European infrastructure and industrial markets show the additional weakness versus our guidance.
 Geographically and on an organic basis, our sales declined year-over-year in Europe by 7%, while the Americas and Asia were essentially flat.
 Now let me give you some highlights to the key markets in each of our segments, and as I talk through this, all changes I mention are on an organic basis, which excludes the effect of currencies.
 So if you could please turn to the next slide. In our Transportation Solutions segment, sales increased 7% versus the prior year. In the automotive market, our sales increased 7% versus the prior year, with sales being up 14% in Asia and 12% in the Americas. Sales in Europe were about flat, and in China, our sales were up 13%. Global vehicle production was approximately 20 million units in the quarter, which was up by about 1% compared to the prior year. End demand trends remain stable, although OEM production expectations have moderated, particularly in Europe. Expectations are now around 80 million vehicles for the year to be produced, with approximately 20 million expected in the second quarter. Versus the prior year, these revised production numbers would be up approximately 3% for the full year and up 2% in the second quarter. Full year production estimates include growth of about 9% in North America and 8% in Asia, while Europe will experience about a 6% decline. Our sales during the quarter and our expectations for the full year continue to outpace production due to our strong market position as well as the continued increases of contents of electronics and vehicles.
 Turning to the aerospace, defense and marine market, sales were up 9% versus the prior year. Growth was driven by further demand increases in the commercial aerospace and oil and gas markets. In addition, improved share gains across all these end markets enabled us to grow above market rates. For the segment overall in the second quarter, we expect that our revenues will be up 5% on an organic basis when we compare it to the prior year.
 If you could please turn to Slide 6. In our Communication and Industrial Solutions segment, total sales declined 13% organically versus the prior year and on a sequential basis. In the industrial equipment market, our sales were down 15% versus the prior year, and these declines were fairly broad based. Also impacting this market, as we covered on the last call, inventory corrections by our distribution customers will account for about 50% of the sales in this market negatively impacted the quarter. We do expect a modest increase in the second half -- second quarter, excuse me, with further improvement in the second half.
 In the DataComm market, which includes sales to the communications equipment, server, storage and wireless equipment markets, our sales were down 20% versus last year. The declines in this market were larger than expected, driven by continued market softness as well as corrections of inventory occurring throughout the entire supply chain as a result of reduced carrier spending in the quarter. Similar to the industrial markets, we do expect the inventory corrections to work off in the second quarter, and we expect to have an improvement in the second half of our fiscal year.
 Consumer Devices revenues were down 12% versus the prior year, and these declines were in line with our expectations. As discussed on prior calls, customer mix and our relatively weak position in smartphones, as well as the weak PC market drove the year-on-year declines. We continue to be optimistic as we make progress with key customers in securing new program wins in this area. In the second quarter, we do expect our CIS segment revenues to be similar to quarter 1 levels.
 Turning to Network Solutions. If you could please turn to Slide 7. Total sales were up 25%, including ADC. On an organic basis, sales in this segment were down 3% versus the prior year. This will be the final quarter where there will be an adjustment for the ADC acquisition as we reach the one year anniversary.
 Turning to the markets, sales to the Telecom Networks market were down 1% versus the prior year, but they were down sharply at 17% sequentially. Our guidance did anticipate a significant sequential decline. However, carrier demand was even weaker than we expected both in North America and in EMEA, and we believe this additional weakness was driven by the proposed consolidation that was going to occur in the industry, which created delays in carrier spending.
 Sales to the Energy market were down 4% versus the prior year, with strong growth in North America offset by weakness in Europe. We expect to see improvement in Europe and more normal seasonality in the second half of the fiscal year, as investment in distribution, transmission and power generation continues to grow around the world.
 In the Enterprise area, our sales increased 5% versus the prior year due to increased data center spending as well as infrastructure builds. And finally, in the SubCom business, as expected, sales declined 9% versus the prior year. There were no significant bookings during the quarter. However, several awards that we discussed on prior calls are in the process of being finalized, and we continue to expect fiscal year 2012 sales of approximately $600 million in this business.
 Overall in the second quarter, we expect sales in our Network Solutions segment to be up about 5% sequentially driven by carrier spending, particularly in North America, and we expect this improvement to continue through the year and our Network Solutions segment sales to be up about 4% versus the second half of fiscal 2011.
 Let me now discuss earnings, which start on Slide 8. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $378 million, which includes $19 million of restructuring and other charges and $4 million of initial charges related to the planned acquisition of Deutsch. Adjusted operating income was $401 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 12.1%. The sequential decline in our adjusted operating margin resulted from the 9% decline in sales. The fall-through on this decline was about 30%, and these results are in line with the model I discussed at our Investor Meeting in December, with margins of about 12% in a 10% revenue decline scenario.
 We do expect operating margin to be slightly above 12% in quarter 2 with revenues at similar levels with quarter 1, and we expect improvement to about 14% operating margin in the second half, as our revenues approach the $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion level that is included in our guidance. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.66, and we expect similar results in quarter 2.
 If you could please turn to Slide 9. Looking at the top half of the slide, our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was just under 30%. We expected a gross adjusted margins for about 30% again in the second quarter and back to the 31% level in the second half.
 Looking at the bottom half of the slide, operating expenses as a percentage of sales were better than guidance. Expenses were up $17 million year-on-year primarily due to ADC, as the prior year included only a partial quarter of ADC results, partially offset by the cost actions. In quarter 2, we do expect RD&E and SG&A of approximately 5.5% to 12.5% of sales respectively.
 Turning to Slide 10. Let me cover the items on the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $33 million compared to $30 million in the prior year. In the second quarter, we expect net interest expense of approximately $36 million. The sequential increase is due to the interest on the funding we're starting to put in place for the planned Deutsch acquisition. Other income, which relates to our tax sharing agreement, was $1 million. This was much lower than our guidance of $13 million of income due to adjustments related to our pre-separation shared tax liabilities. These adjustments affect both other income and the tax expense, so both were lower than guidance. The net effect had no impact to earnings per share compared to our guidance. In the second quarter, we do expect other income of approximately $9 million.
 The GAAP effective tax rate was 27%, and the effective tax rate on an adjusted basis was 23% in the quarter. As I just mentioned, the legacy tax adjustments resulted in a lower adjusted rate, and there was no favorable impact on EPS. We do expect the adjusted tax rate to be about 26% in the second quarter and for the remainder of 2012.
 Now let me turn to free cash flow and working capital, which is -- starts on Slide 11. Our free cash flow in the quarter was $85 million, and cash from operations was $210 million, which is a 36% increase over the prior year. As is typical for our company, the first quarter is always the lowest quarter for cash generation, and we continue to expect that free cash flow will approximate net income for the year, which would be approximately $1.3 billion at the midpoint of our guidance. Capital spending was $130 million in the first quarter or about 4% of sales. For the full year, we continue to expect capital spending of approximately 4% to 5% of sales in line with our long-term expectations.
 In working capital, the net working capital days are at targeted levels. Receivables and payables are similar to the fourth quarter, and inventory increased seasonally to 71 days. And we expect that inventory days to work back down into the 60s by the end of the year.
 Let's turn to Slide 12. We ended the quarter with $1.4 billion of cash. Uses of free cash flow generated in the quarter were dividends of $77 million and $17 million related to share repurchases that we traded at the end of the fourth quarter but settled in the first quarter. We did issue $179 million of commercial paper during the quarter. We have reentered the commercial paper market in advance of the planned acquisition of Deutsch. We expect to initially fund approximately $1 billion of the acquisition with debt and the remainder with cash, and we will continue to raise funds in anticipation of the deal closing, which is expected in our third quarter.
 Also, as I covered on the last call, we continue to expect net payments of about $70 million related to shared tax liabilities in 2012. The 2012 payments, as well as the payments we made last year, represent about 1/3 of the estimated $600 million of total net payments that we expect related to the pre-separation tax liabilities.
 If you could please turn to Slide 13 and let me briefly discuss order trends before Tom gets into the details of the outlook. Total orders in the quarter were $3.2 billion, and the book to bill was 0.98 excluding the SubCom business. Book to bill in the Transportation segment was 1.01, and orders continue to be solid driven by stable global auto production and improving demand in the commercial aerospace market. In the Network Solutions area, excluding SubCom, the book to bill was 0.97, driven by normal seasonality and a slowdown in spending by North American telecom carriers. In our CIS segment, our book to bill was 0.95 primarily due to the impact of the inventory corrections that I mentioned. In January, our book to bill was running slightly above one, which is a positive sign.
 Now let me turn it back to Tom, who'll go into more details on the outlook. 
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. Please turn to Slide 14. I touched a little bit on this earlier, but let me reiterate our outlook. For the second quarter, we expect our sales to be in the range of $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. This is down slightly versus the prior year on an organic basis and about flat sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, we expect the Transportation segment to be up approximately 3%, Networks down about 4% and CIS down about 10%. CIS continues to be adversely impacted by weaker spending in our DataComm and industrial businesses, as well as channel adjustments as Terrence mentioned. But we do think it has bottomed out, and we expect the channel inventories to be close to normal at the end of the second quarter. Our adjusted earnings per share are expected to be $0.64 to $0.68, about flat with Q1.
 For the full year, sales are expected to be $13.8 billion to $14.2 billion, which is flat to slightly up versus 2011 on an organic basis and at currency rate -- at current rates, currency translation would be about a $300 million headwind versus last year, and this is the weaker euro. 
 Midpoint of our guidance is $14 billion and our major assumptions are auto production growth, 3% to 80 million vehicles year-over-year; second half seasonal increases in telecom and energy infrastructure; and an improvement in our CIS markets in the second half of the year compared to the first half, driven by the channel getting in balance and seasonality.
 Adjusted EPS for the year are expected to be $2.90 to $3.10 compared to 2011 adjusted EPS of about $3.03. And this $3.03 excludes the extra week in last year. So essentially, we're calling our current outlook for 2012 to be flat with 2011.
 Now if you can turn to Slide 15, with this, we're trying to illustrate the midpoint of our revenue guidance by quarter and give you a sense of the seasonality and also a sense of the change from the prior guidance by quarter. The big takeaways from this slide are that the first half sales are expected to average slightly above $3.3 billion and with the corresponding operating margin of about 12%, and second half sales will average about $3.65 billion, with operating margins back to the 14% level. Now when you take this versus the prior guidance for the full year, sales at the midpoint are about $600 million lower, and EPS at the midpoint is about $0.25 lower. Approximately $200 million and $0.05 of the EPS decline are related to the weaker euro. And the majority of the balance decline is related to weaker low or lower demand in our European businesses plus the channel correction.
 Now just a few closing comments. The first half was definitely slower than we expected when we guided back in October. And we feel bad about missing the first quarter, and in retrospect, more than anything, it looks like we maybe called the holiday impact wrong. But I still feel really good about the fundamentals of this business, and the fundamentals are going to get better when we close the Deutsch acquisition. And just to highlight, I think with Deutsch we just have a tremendous product range. I believe we're stabilizing in our consumer market. That has been a weak spot for us. It's still going to be a while before we improve, but I think we're getting stable there. I really believe CIS has bottomed. The key to that will be the channel getting back in balance this quarter. Our overall operating leverage is sound and the 12% at a 10% sequential decline, I think, kind of proves that out. Our customer satisfaction is up across the business, and we're going to continue to be a large cash generator. So I think the bottom line for us is we got to stay the course, make sure that as the volume picks up again, we take advantage of it, get to the 14%. And as volume moves above $3.6 billion we quickly close on the 15%. We're not coming off that because of a quarter or 2.
 So now let's open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani. He is with RBC Capital Markets. 
Amit Daryanani: Maybe just to start off on the CIS segment, could you just talk -- when you look at this 13% organic decline in sales, how is that different in terms of sales to OEMs versus sales to the channel? And I'm assuming the softness came fairly late in the quarter. What's the conviction it's going to recover? Because you guys are actually talking about I think about 20% plus growth in the back half versus the first half. 
Tom Lynch: Amit, I would -- a couple of things. Let me -- the first part of that question would be it's pretty balanced across a little more in the channel because of the inventory correction. So clearly, the downturn there, I'd say, the channel adjustment later in the quarter more than early in the quarter. And if you look at the normal seasonal patterns of the business, we would expect -- I mean, that business typically will be stronger in the second half, and we also believe just that the absolute inventory levels at our customers, we know how much inventory we have in the channel and it's down. And it went down quite a bit in the first quarter. So those are the data points that give us some confidence. The OEMs we talk to, I'd say, are cautiously optimistic, but it's as much about seasonality and the channel getting back in balance as anything. 
Amit Daryanani: And I guess here, Tom, if I listen to most of the semi company that seem to be talking about the industrial side potentially starting to bottom out, do you think that could just be a reflection that you have much shorter lead times, so you're potentially going to see that bottoming out at quarter delay than all the semi companies are seeing right now? 
Tom Lynch: Yes, I think that's it. And that's typically -- we would typically be 3 to 4 months after the semis in certain industries. So yes, I think your point is right on that. 
Amit Daryanani: And just finally, on the Transport side, fairly impressive margin performance. Could you really just talk about what drove margin expansion in the December quarter when sales, I think, were down about $100 million? And then as you look through fiscal '12, can you maintain this high 15% margin run rate in that segment? 
Terrence Curtin: Let me talk a couple of things. Certainly, from the standpoint that we were very pleased with our Transportation segment performance in the quarter even though it did get a little bit softer in Europe. When you look at it, we did go up close to 16%. We do think we'll be maintaining around 15% from the years, so some of it was a little bit of timing on the margin, Amit. But we do think that the Transportation segment, even with the slightly lower global auto production, will stay about 15% for the entire year. 
Operator: Okay, the next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS. 
Amitabh Passi: I just wanted to follow up on the first question. Again, looking at your CIS segment, particularly DataComm and Industrial, I mean the sequential decline, I think, if the numbers are correct, are almost in the order of 20% to 30%. And I don't think we have seen these level of declines since the sort of the downturn in '08, '09. So I just wanted to understand better. I mean, OEM demand I don't think is contracting to that level, but from your perspective, you could maybe shed a little more light in terms of which pockets of these end markets are you seeing the greatest weakness. And then what gives you, I guess, or where do you expect sort of the most recovery as you look forward? 
Tom Lynch: Well, there's 3 big pieces in our industrial business, which would be -- well, 2 big pieces. There is the general industrial market, which is equipment makers, rail, solar, things like that and also appliance, we include for purposes of this. So those businesses end market demand and appliance has been down. We're starting to see that level off. In the general industrial market, it's been drifting down, but the channel has been drifting down at a much steeper rate because about half of our business in industrial we serve through the channel. So when we see the business ramping up, if you would look at our trends over time, as that market begins to grow, we tend to grow ahead of it as inventory gets laid in to support the OEM's build plans. And then when the turns down, we tend to contract faster than it. On DataComm, I would say that we do quite a bit of business through the channel in DataComm as well, but I think there it's more of an end demand, continues to be weak at the big equipment makers. So that, I think, is going to last a little longer than industrial. 
Amitabh Passi: Got it. And then just as my follow-up for Terrence, again, going back to the CIS and perhaps even Network Solutions, are there any other leverage you have to maybe minimize the downward impact to margins? I mean, we're seeing CIS margins now go from 15% to about 8.7%. Just wondering what else can you do to maybe accelerate the margin recovery in the back half? 
Terrence Curtin: What we -- let's -- mainly the action we've been taking on the top have been mainly in CIS. We have been reducing our workforce in that area to basically resize with the demand expectations, and right now, we do expect in our guidance that the CIS business in the second half, with the actions and the volume, will get back up into the 12% to 13% OI range in the second half of the year. So certainly, we're being hit by the volume. To your point, we were down. In the first half, we still expect that to be down more than 10%. And we expect our second half really to get flat with prior year in CIS. So when you look at certainly we have the inventory corrections Tom talked about, we think with that, we will get our margins back up into the 12% to 13% range on being flat in the second half. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. 
Shawn Harrison: Just wanted to -- I guess, a clarification on the back half guidance in regards to distribution versus just seasonality, how much of that back half growth is distribution adding incremental inventory? Is there anything baked into that guidance? Or is it solely distribution stops getting worse and seasonality? 
Tom Lynch: The back half, the $600 million, if you look at second have versus first half revenue, about $100 million of that is distribution. And it's not so much filling up the channel. It's really not draining the channel more than anything else. So it's where sell-through begins to balance with sell-in. So what we sell in equals what they're selling out. As opposed to their sellout is out of balance with sell-in now. 
Shawn Harrison: Have you seen regionally, I guess -- is it Europe just still the one area where the -- it's destocking the most and then the other regions that use distribution kind of more back to normal? 
Tom Lynch: I would say Europe is the most, but there is still correction going on in Europe, U.S. and in Asia in the channels, but it's more pronounced in Europe because the end demand has been a little softer there. Whereas in the U.S., now I think we're seeing, in most of our markets, things pick up. It's the same -- and Asia has been fairly steady. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. 
Samuel Meehan: This is Samuel Meehan actually on behalf of Jim Suva. Just taking a quick step back and I wanted to get a better sense of why the year-over-year is so soft, the midpoint of guidance being flat. And it still includes the ADC acquisition and presumably a boost to auto. You said it was supposed to be [ph] up 3% year-over-year and helped by the Thailand pushout of orders. Can you just go on to some details of what specifically is lagging and what management can do to improve that? 
Tom Lynch: Full year-over-year guidance is what you're asking? 
Samuel Meehan: That's right. On a sales level, yes. 
Tom Lynch: So the big change -- so you have -- well, we had ADC in 10 months last year, so there's a little bit of a pickup from ADC, $185 million. You have the euro, which is a couple of hundred million plus weaker year-over-year, and then you have the European end markets. Right now, we're calling off about $300 million year-over-year. The other piece is, telecom spending relative to our guidance for sure, is going to be a little down our last guidance. 
Samuel Meehan: Got it. And then just to confirm, the pending Deutsch acquisition is not included in the acquisition -- in the outlook. Is that correct? 
Tom Lynch: That won't be in until it's closed. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs. 
Craig Hettenbach: Tom, can you dig a little bit more into the auto market just by trends by geo and particularly what you're seeing in Europe, the local consumption versus how the export market looks like for your European customers? 
Tom Lynch: Sure, I think it's mixed. Exports continue to be strong. We saw a little -- well, [indiscernible] Europe, the southern Europe market continues to be slow. That's been slow for a long time, and it's well below its normal demand and that's several years now. Germany, which is where we're strongest, is both pretty healthy as a local market, and of course, about half of that business gets exported. So -- and the U.S. and China and Eastern Europe are fueling the export market that we serve through the German OEMs. In Asia, I'd say it's steady. We're still seeing a recovery, particularly with the Japan OEMs from last year's earthquake, catching up with some pent-up demand. And the U.S. is growing double digits, and we're benefiting from that. So when you look at the big picture, year-over-year, European auto is going to be flat to slightly down for us. Asia will be up nicely. China will be up double digits. That's part of that. And the U.S. will be up double digits. 
Operator: All right. And the next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: This is Ruplu, filling in for Wamsi. Just looking at the guidance for the second half, you're guiding operating margin to be about 14% and the full year for 13%, but that doesn't include the Deutsch acquisition. Just trying to understand how Deutsch would affect that. Do you think that you would get to the 14% by year end if once that's layered in? 
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, you're right how we put it in. Due to the timing of regulatory processes, it was a little -- we don't -- we would not include that until the timing gets more certain. So from that viewpoint, certainly that will be additive, both the EPS when it closes in the timing that's left in the year. Deutsch could improve the margin little bit, but I don't think it would been bring the full year margin up from what's low 13s included in our guidance up to 14% for the year. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: I see. Okay. And just the last question on book to bill, looks like even with the slowness overall, book to bill for the first quarter in both CIS and Network Solutions, it was better than the fourth quarter. And you mentioned a positive book to bill going into January. So based on the trends that you're seeing, do you think that book to bill in CIS and Network Solutions can actually be positive in the March quarter? 
Tom Lynch: It's tracking that way right now. So if it continues, yes. What we saw -- just to kind of recap for the company, October and November of last year, we are at a 1 book to bill. We dipped in December. We're back up slightly over 1 in January. Now we need to see it more than 3 weeks. But I would say it is giving us some confidence. And if you look at where our orders were running relative to last year in January, we're running 4% to 5% above that. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of William Stein with Crdit Suisse. 
William Stein: I'm hoping to beat this distribution horse a little bit more, given that, that was a big problem in the quarter. And yet, you've done a lot of consolidation among your distribution partners. Can you talk a little bit about percent of revenue through distribution now, your rev rec policy on sell-in or sell-through and what you can do to improve visibility in that segment? Then, I have a follow-up if that's okay. 
Terrence Curtin: Well, to it -- you have a couple of questions there. Number one, with what we've done so far, we still have about 15% of our total sales through distribution. That's moved up maybe a point with the changes we've made. On revenue recognition, we record revenue when the title transfers when we actually sell in. So we don't do it like the semis that do it on sellouts. So from that viewpoint, we do record revenue when we sell in, and they take the inventory. On visibility, I mean, certainly, they are a channel. We do talk to them, but certainly, this has been deeper from what they communicated to us when we do our forecasting. And from that viewpoint, I don't know how we improve that visibility, but we continue to have discussions and it does -- similar to the semi comment made earlier, it does look like we are in the bottoming here. 
William Stein: Can I talk about auto production for a minute? Can you remind us what your prior full year or I guess this is on your fiscal basis, auto production estimates were? And your sales in that market, I think, suggests that you're gaining share. Can you talk to us about how that trend has maybe changed or improved over time? And what gives you the confidence that it will continue in that direction? 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. When you look at it -- last call, we talked about basically a global auto production, around 82 million units, and as we said, we expect it to be 80 million now. With the decline really being driven by Europe as those production estimates have moderated and really, as part of what Tom said on our guidance estimate, we have reduced our automotive revenue by about $100 million per year for the production declines in Europe. So we still, even on a 3% auto production increase globally, we do expect to grow about twice that amount this year based upon our share as well as content increases. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Matthew Sheerin: Question on cost controls, I know you had some cost cutting measures in the September quarter on weaker demand. Doesn't sound like you've implemented anything incremental here. And is that, Tom, due to the fact that you are expecting somewhat of a snapback in the rest of the year, in the second half of your fiscal year? 
Tom Lynch: Matt, a few things: One, we have cut additional cost in the quarter. I mean, part of our -- where we can select, we do. And so even with short-term changes in demand, there is some element of our cost structure we can flex. We do try to protect our ability to flex up though. So you're right. That's why the margin when you get down to 10%, we lose over a point in margin because we do believe that several other markets are bottoming out. But we definitely reduce costs in the quarter, and we flexed down and up, I think from the end of the third quarter, we're down 6,000 people. Some of that is temporary. Some of that's flexing out. It's difficult things, but we do flex within the quarter as well, and of course, we tighten down discretionary spending. Plus, the second part of your question I would say we do expect demand to improve toward the -- end of this quarter and into the second half. So we're making sure we'll be ready for that. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, just to add to Tom's first question -- first comment, we've taken our temporary workers down by about 20% since June, and that continued through the first quarter. And I think that's why you saw some of the resiliency in the operating margin. So about 2/3 of the 6,000 Tom mentioned are out of our temporary workers, and then the other element was our workforce itself. 
Matthew Sheerin: Okay, that's helpful. And on the Transportation group margins, which obviously were very strong, looking at a mix change with euro, weaker than expected this year, does that have any more of a negative impact on margins, the weaker euro because of mix and because of the dollar content higher in vehicles in Europe? Or does that not make a difference? 
Tom Lynch: No. I think one thing is that where the weaknesses is, is in more with the non-German OEMs, and we have a little less content there and in the more high-end content, in the German OEMs as well. So no, I don't expect any margin pressure from that other than the normal flow-through on MOT's [ph] revenue. 
Operator: All right. And the next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. 
Sherri Scribner: I just wanted to get a little bit of detail on your thinking for the second half of the year. I know you've talked about some strong seasonality in the CIS segment. In terms of automotive, I would assume that would be relatively flat with some growth. And then telecom, I assume there'd be some seasonality. But wanted to get some detail on the growth expected in those different segments. 
Terrence Curtin: Sherri, this is Terrence. So when you look at CIS and Network Solutions for the first half, the second half, both of them will be up about 15% first half to second half. Whereas, automotive will be up slightly about 3% first half to second half. So you're right. When you look at CIS, as I mentioned, that would be basically getting back flat year-on-year. And then Networks, it would be up about 4% year-over-year, second half to second half. So that's how we're looking at it. And as Tom said, a big chunk of that seasonality but also some inventory -- lack of inventory correction in the second half in CIS. 
Sherri Scribner: And then thinking about the network markets, what gives you the confidence that we'll see seasonality with that type of strength in the second half of the year? Are you expecting that some of the issues with acquisitions are going to be resolved? Is it primarily related to the distribution channel? How do you feel comfortable with that half-over-half growth? 
Tom Lynch: Part of it is -- and look, I think there is an element of uncertainty for sure. But part of it is the decline was so abrupt in Q4 and Q1. And what our customers are telling us was there's -- a significant part of that was related to what was going to play out in the U.S. So until that was sorted out, where should I spend and how should I spend? So we think that's sort of the unnatural part of the decline, and we would expect that to catch up. And again, we're listening to our customers. And also, when you look at the need for more coverage and more capacity, that's only going to get worse, and we know that there's CapEx constraints that all companies have to go through. So it's really a little bit of a bounce back off of a very, very low point, as well as coming out of the winter into the spring and the summer when you have the natural increase in build. But I'd say if you were to sort of handicap all of the major segments, there's probably a little more uncertainty with this one. 
Terrence Curtin: And Sherri, the other thing I would add is that basically assumes -- we're sort of assuming a flat to slightly down global telco CapEx picture. 
Operator: All right. The next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie. 
Mike Wood: Can you give us a little bit more color in terms of just the timing in the telco spending that you just mentioned with the freeze in CapEx by like AT&T and what Verizon is doing and how you think that can actually trend throughout the year given the timing of like announced -- the whole M&A picture? 
Tom Lynch: Yes. So I think as I just said, down almost 20%. The first quarter levels of our total telecom business was down about 24% from where it was in the second half of last year, so a pretty substantial decline. Our second half assumption is about flat with the second half of last year. So yes, I think there is some uncertainty there, but we're not looking for a huge boomerang above last year's spending level. So our assumption for spending -- telecom spending on our kind of equipment versus what we thought a quarter ago is down, clearly down. 
Mike Wood: And what are you seeing with some of ADC's key products like the DAS? 
Tom Lynch: DAS is very big in the U.S. and was very slow in Q4 and Q1. There are many things that where there was just no spending. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Anthony Kure with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Anthony Kure: Just wanted to touch on the comment around energy and the expected improvement in Europe. Can you just talk about what markets you're expecting the improvement in and sort of what's driving that? 
Terrence Curtin: That comment was meant to be broad based, not just Europe. We did see similar to a lot of our businesses towards the end of December, a little bit of a contraction there as December ended. But my comments that I made on the script really related to global energy, not just Europe. And also, that is a business that does have very pronounced seasonal patterns in our Q3 and Q4 due to it being in the outside environment. So it does include seasonality plus the continued demand we're seeing around the world. 
Tom Lynch: And Ill just say a little specificity around Europe is our first half of '12 will be slightly below our first half of '11 in Europe in energy and about equal with the second half. So to Terrence's point, we're not counting on growth in Europe. That's part of this broader -- the EUR 300 million -- the guidance change across our European businesses, and energy's part of that. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve O'Brien with JPMorgan. 
Steven O'Brien: Stepping back for the big picture, back in December, TE raised its organic growth expectation, longer-term organic growth expectation to 7% to 9% up from 6% to 8%. Are there anything that you're seeing now in terms of your end markets or the longer-term outlook that kind of have you questioning that organic goal and the whole sort of 20 by 15 plan? And just pointing out that auto right now and even Network Solutions clearly seem to be tracking towards the lower end of the guidance range even after -- even as we go into the second half of 2012. 
Tom Lynch: Well, I would say that the climb up, as we indicated there, there's a steepness to it. It's a little bit steeper, but I don't feel, as I said at the end of my comments, I don't feel different about the fundamentals. I think a weak quarter or 2 always gives pause for reflection, but if you think of the things that are driving it, creating more efficient energy with the requirements that are in automotive, in cars around the world, increasing requirements for emission improvement, in commercial vehicles for emission improvement, the whole new commercial aircraft rollout that's underway and we're benefiting from the buildout of broadband. Yes, it's a little slower than we thought this quarter and next quarter. But, boy, it's still in the beginning of the digital age really when you look at that. So everything that we model and the way the network looks like, we're still really happy to have the best fiber portfolio. So I don't think we don't feel different about the fundamentals. Could the timing be off a little bit? Yes. But we've also seen the way things bounce back after being depressed for a quarter or 2. So I still like our position. 
Steven O'Brien: Great then. And things do sometimes tend to bounce harder than we always expect, on the upside, too. On the raw materials and margin front and pricing pressure, I guess, a couple of different topics but all getting back to margin. I mean, are you seeing more OEM pricing pressure? And is there heightened pricing pressure with potential reductions in the cost of raw materials? In other words, OEMs seeing the drop in copper are asking for a reversal to any of the pricing concessions that may have happened last year. 
Tom Lynch: Well, I think there's always pricing pressure. No question. I think -- I don't think it's materially different. I think we face it all the time. I mean, if you look at copper, it dipped down for a while. Now it's bounced back up. And when it dipped down, we probably got a little more question about that, but we were adjusting prices to a level of copper that was lower than it was even 3 to 6 months ago. I think it's just a fact of life in this business that we have to always contend with, and I think we're doing a better job than we've done in the past with it, both on pricing and productivity. But it's not going away. 
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. 
Shawn Harrison: Just one brief follow-up, looking at CIS, getting back to a 15% EBIT margin, I know at least a minimum is the long-term goal. But what revenue level do you project TE needs to be at to deliver that type of revenue given what we've seen with commodities about your price increases, cost reductions, et cetera? 
Terrence Curtin: If you look at that from a CIS specific standpoint, you would probably need to be in the 1.3 to 1.4 per quarter level roughly, Shawn. So when you look at, you would need to be up towards that level. 
Operator: All right. Next, we go to the line of William Stein with Crdit Suisse. 
William Stein: I wanted to ask about the Consumer Devices end market. It looks like you merged that with your computers end market. Is that right? And on a merged basis, it looks like they're down 15%. Did that surprise? And can you talk to us about the split between those 2 end markets? 
Terrence Curtin: That did not surprise. That was completely in line with our expectations that we laid out. So when you look at it, one of the reasons it was merged was just the convergence of devices. It is difficult to break out tablets and mobile devices, so thats why they were put together, and it was in line with our expectations. 
William Stein: And Touch seemed to have a good quarter. Is that Sensitive Objects working? Or is that your traditional business? And maybe just [indiscernible] 
Tom Lynch: The traditional business. Sensitive Object technology is very promising, and we have our first product in the market with that. It's a very little bit of revenue right now, but that's an exciting technology. But it's about -- the improvement is in the traditional business. 
Operator: There are no additional questions. Please go ahead. 
Keith Kolstrom: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. Please, as always, feel free to call either myself or Matt Vergare with any follow-up questions throughout the day. Thanks very much. 
Tom Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. Replay will be made available to you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Roselli  VP, IR Tom Lynch  CEO Terrence Curtin  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Amitabh Passi  UBS Amit Daryanani  RBC Matt Sheerin  Stifel Nicolaus Craig Hettenbach  Goldman Sachs Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research Steven Fox  CLSA William Stein  Credit Suisse Jim Suva  Citi Steve O'Brien  J.P. Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Tyco Electronics Reports Strong Fiscal Third Quarter Results and Raises Outlook for Fourth Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. John Roselli. Please go ahead.
John Roselli: Thanks, Ruth and good morning. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics third quarter results for fiscal year 2010 and our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statements that weve included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to read through the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that addressed the use of these items. The press release and all related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at tycoelectronics.com. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. If you would please turn to Slide 3 now, as we previewed last week, Q3 was another strong quarter for us. Sales of $3.1 billion were at the high end of our guidance as stronger demand offset the negative impact of a weaker euro. Our adjusted EPS of $0.70 was up 9% sequentially and exceeded our guidance of $0.61 to $0.65. This earnings strength was due to slightly higher volumes and related strong fall-through, continued productivity improvements, and operating expense leverage. One of the highlights for us in the quarter was our adjusted operating margin reached 15% for the first time since separation three years ago. And while our normal operating margin run rate is closer to 14% to 14.5% at this volume level, this is another indicator of the fundamental improvement in our operating leverage, which you know has been a very, very high priority over the last couple of years. Our three largest segments showed continued margin improvement and in our network solutions segment, adjusted operating margins were up 260 basis points sequentially to 13.3%. That business had been lagging on the sale side, turned down  after the consumer business was turned down, turned up after them and we expect to see nice operating leverage there with volume pickup. Order input was solid again this quarter with total orders of just under $3.3 billion and a book-to-bill of 1.06 and this was our fourth consecutive quarter of book-to-bill exceeding 1 and the orders were strong and consistent throughout the quarter and continued that way so far in July. If you could please turn to Slide 4. On a sequential basis, orders grew 7% in the quarter. Our electronic components segment orders were up 2%, the industrial and data communication equipment markets in electronic components were up 14% due to increased demand and factory automation in broadband equipment. We did start to see this at the end of the last quarter and expected the growth rate to pick up in these two areas. Automotive orders were approximately $1 billion in the quarter, which was down slightly versus Q2 due to currency translation. Excluding that, our organic growth was about 2%. But the book-to-bill was positive at 1.01. Compared to where we were a quarter ago, automotive was a little stronger than we thought. The vehicle production was approximately 18 million units in the quarter, which was essentially flat versus Q2 and as I said, a little bit better than, I think, anybody in the industry expected. We are also benefiting from more favorable vehicle mix, that is more premium segment sales. When the market turned down hard over a year ago in addition to the end  the sharp drop-off in cars itself, the correction in the value to the inventory chain, we also saw slight shift in mix to lower-end cars with lower content. I think everyone was concerned about how long that was going to last. We've actually started to see that shift back. So not only is the mix swinging back to a more normal mix which means that in the last couple of quarters more premium cars being sold, but we are also seeing the level of options per car creep up so that our average content per vehicle, which is in the $60, $61 range, is just about back to where it was in early '08 before the hard downturn came. Based on current projections, we do see  expect fourth quarter auto production to be down by approximately 10% with most of this decline in Europe and China. And when you consider the positive trends I just mentioned, net that against the normal volume decline, our sales will be down about 5%. Shifting to our network solutions segment, orders were up 11% sequentially and we are starting to see an increase in capital spending by our carrier and enterprise customers over and above the normal seasonal lift we see in this quarter. Orders in these businesses was  were up 19% and 9%, respectively with strength in all regions. Orders in our energy business were up 6%. I would say that the activity we are seeing was in line with what we expected in the quarter. Noteworthy in our specialty products businesses is that our touch business orders were up 7%. In the SubCom business, bookings were approximately $130 million as the Tata Gulf contract did come into force. In addition, we have been awarded portions of two other significant projects worth about $300 million to us and about $500 million to $600 million in total, which we are in the process of obtaining funding. We expect both of those projects to be added to backlog by the end of the calendar year. On a geographic basis, orders  organic orders grew sequentially in all regions. If you take SubCom out, the Americas were up 13%, Europe up 4%, and Asia up 6%. And clearly, our European businesses are benefiting from sales to customers that export a large portion of their products to other regions, particularly in the automotive and industrial equipment markets. And for example, in Germany, I think about two-thirds of all cars produced are exported. Before I turn it over to Terrence to go into more detail, let me just recap what we said about the ADC acquisition that we announced last week. The combination of ADC and our network solutions businesses creates a world leader in broadband connectivity solutions for carriers and enterprises. We get excited about this. Here is a few highlights. We  together, we are going to offer the most complete range of carrier fiber and copper connectivity products, all the way from the central office of the data center to the desk or the home. So it's a very robust product offering for carriers. We will also have a complete range of enterprise connectivity products including fiber, copper, wireless, shielded and unshielded cable, and physical layer management solutions. So this really helps us bulk up in our other enterprise product lines for all regions of the world. We've added the distributed antenna system or mini wire  mini cellular antenna and amplifier product line from ADC, which serves the needs of carriers and enterprises as they add wireless coverage and capacity in support of the incredibly rapidly expanding wireless broadband services. And this is really important, because they were the products that we did not have and this would have been a gap in our offering. We said we would be a leader in every region and we believe this is going to increase our opportunities and we are going to be much stronger through all the channels, not only our direct channel, the ability where we are going into customers direct, but through the electrical distributors, as well as telecom distributors. We have more to offer together to these companies. So I think our relationships will become more strategic. We will have the scale to meet the ever-increasing customer needs around the globe. The networks have  tend to have different designs around the world. There is commonality to a level in the platform, but there is also local differences and the ability to have the engineering resources in the labs and on the ground to do this is important. And lastly, in addition to the strategic benefits of this deal, we expect to realize significant cost synergies, which we currently estimate at about $100 million annually. We expect the acquisition to be accretive in earnings in year one by approximately $0.14 and earn company average margins in year three. So in a nutshell, we want to be a leader in connectivity and the broadband networks buildout and this acquisition gives us the opportunity for that. So with that, I'll turn it over to Terrence.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Tom and good morning, everyone. Let me start by reviewing our sales performance by segment and market. And then I'll get into earnings and cash flow. You start with Slide 5. This shows our overall revenue performance by segment both on a year-over-year and sequential basis. As you can see, we had both year-over-year and sequential sales growth in all segments, excluding SubCom. Total company sales of just under $3.1 billion were up 23% year-over-year. The growth was driven primarily by our electronic components segment, which was up 46% with growth across all markets. Excluding SubCom, sales growth was broad-based across all regions, with Asia up 47%, the Americas up 32%, and Europe up 23%. Currency translation on a year-on-year basis decreased overall company growth by approximately 70 basis points. Looking at sales growth on a sequential basis, sales were up 4%, led by network solutions with growth of 12% and also nice growth in the electronic components and specialty products segments, offset by a decline in SubCom. Currency played a bigger part on the sequential basis than year-over-year. Currency translation decreased our overall company growth on a sequential basis by approximately 310 basis points. If you look at the mix of our business, our businesses that serve the consumer markets which is slightly less than half of our revenue, sales increased 43% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. As we highlighted on last quarter's call, in the industrial and infrastructure markets, we continue to see improvement in them and our sales were up 9% versus last year and 6% sequentially. If you take out our SubCom segment, the industrial and infrastructure markets were up 13% on an organic basis. Now, let me get into more detail by submarket by our segments and unless otherwise indicated, all changes that I'll talk to would be on an organic basis. So if you turn to Slide 6 and on the left-hand side, starting with our components segment market, in the automotive market, our sales versus the prior year increased 47% and sequential sales were up 5% with growth in all regions. Year-over-year growth, we saw sales were up 60% both in Asia and the Americas, while Europe was up 36%. As Tom indicated, we expect our quarter four sales to be down in automotive approximately 5% related to normal seasonal patterns. In the DataComm market, which includes sales to the communications equipment, service, and storage markets, our sales increased 37% year-over-year and were up 14% sequentially, driven by new customer program launches and continued spending on broadband infrastructure and data storage equipment. In the industrial equipment area, sales were up 65% versus the prior year and 12% sequentially, driven by the increased capital spending and factory automation, which is also driving additional demand in the distribution channel. In the appliance market, our sales were up 51% on a year-over-year basis and 9% sequentially, driven by end demand and increased content. In the computer market, our sales increased 32% versus the prior year and 10% sequentially, driven by the growth in the emerging markets, as well as demand for Notebook and Netbook products. And finally, in the consumer device markets, which includes sales to the mobile phone and consumer electronic markets, our sales were up 10% year-over-year and up slightly sequentially. Turning to the right-hand side of the slide to discuss network solutions, sales in the segment were up 8% versus the prior year. Sequentially, our sales were up 17%, which is much higher than the typical seasonal growth of 5% to 7% we see in these markets due to increased capital spending by our customers. Based upon the trends we are seeing, we expect revenue levels in all the businesses to remain strong and to be similar to the Q3 levels in quarter four. If you look at the energy market, our sales were up 4% versus the prior year and up 12% sequentially due to increased demand especially in Europe and typical seasonality. In the service provider market, our sales were up 7% versus the prior year and up 29% sequentially due to increased carrier spending in all regions of the world, especially in Europe. And in the enterprise network market, our sales increased 16% versus the prior year and were up 12% sequentially, reflecting continued investment in the data center, government, and education markets. Let's turn to Slide 7 to cover our specialty products and SubCom. Sales in the specialty products segment increased 17% versus the prior year and were up 10% sequentially. Sales to the aerospace, defense, and marine market were up 8% versus the prior year and up 9% sequentially due to the improvement in the commercial aerospace market, as well as strength in the distribution channel. We currently expect for quarter four revenues to be similar to the quarter three levels. In our touch systems business, sales were up 31% versus the prior year and 16% sequentially. Sales to the retail market continued to improve during the quarter and for our  in our fourth quarter, we expect a further increase of 10% versus our quarter three levels, driven by continued improvement in this market. In the circuit protection business  and this business primarily serves consumer markets, our sales increased 39% versus the prior year and had a 10% sequential growth and this is driven by growth in portable devices. And finally, in our medical products business, sales increased 5% versus the prior year and 2% sequentially, driven by improved spending on capital equipment. Looking at the right-hand side of the chart, in our SubCom segment, as expected, our sales declined 47% versus the prior year and 18% sequentially. Bookings in the quarter were $137 million and we ended the quarter with $583 million of backlog. We expect revenue of approximately $150 million in quarter four, which will result in full-year sales of approximately $725 million and with the awards that Tom talked about, our current view of 2011 sales remains in the range of $600 million to $700 million and certainly if we are able to land more awards, there  that amount would go up as we move through the year. Now, let me get in and discuss our earnings which start on Slide 8. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $467 million, which includes $4 million of income related to other items net of restructuring charges. There were no additional manufacturing site closures in the quarter and our current site total remains approximately 90. We expect approximately $15 million of restructuring charges in the fourth quarter and expect that upon program completion in 2011, our site count will be in the mid-80s. Currently we expect that the charges in 2011 will be $50 million. Adjusted operating income was $463 million in the quarter with an adjusted operating margin of 15%. Solid fall-through of approximately 40% on the $130 million of incremental sales drove the sequential improvement. The operating leverage we are getting is a result of the prior cost actions and ongoing productivity programs, as well as the benefit of the pickup in our industrial and infrastructure businesses. In addition, similar to last quarter, total company margin did benefit from favorable project execution in the SubCom segment, which positively affected overall margin by approximately 50 basis points. And what this is, is really the closedown of some larger contracts and our team executing very well from a cost element to bring them in better than originally estimated. Based upon this and the guidance  top line guidance given for quarter four, we expect adjusted operating margins of 14% plus with our SubCom margins being in the low-teens. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.70 and this was up 9% from the second quarter, reflecting the growth in the operating income of 13% and this was offset partially by a slightly higher tax rate. So let's move to Slide 9 now. And if you look at top-half of the slide, our gross margin in the quarter was 32% and this was consistent with last quarter and slightly higher than we guided. As I mentioned earlier, we did get favorable project execution in SubCom, as well as all of the segments with a slightly higher volume came in with slightly higher operating margin with good fall-through. As volumes increase in our industrial and infrastructure market, we do get a slight mix benefit and in quarter four, we do expect gross margins in the 31.5% to 32% range. If you look at the bottom-half of the slide on operating expenses  and these include both RD&E and SG&A, they were up $62 million year-on-year, driven by the increase in sales. On a sequential basis, the operating expenses were down approximately 160 basis points due to additional leverage on the increase in sales, as well as approximately 30 basis points of currency benefits related to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the euro. In quarter four, we expect that our research, development, and engineering will continue to be approximately 5% of sales and that SG&A will be approximately 12.5% of sales. Turning to Slide 10, let me discuss items on the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $34 million versus $38 million in the prior year and that was due to lower debt levels. Adjusted other income, which relates to our tax-sharing agreement, was $9 million compared to $5 million in the prior year and for quarter four, I expect this will be approximately $13 million of income. A GAAP effective tax rate in the quarter was 30% and the tax rate on adjusted income was 27%. This adjusted tax rate was slightly higher than our guidance rate of 26% and had a negative effect of $0.01 per share. In quarter four, we expect the tax rate on adjusted income of approximately 26% and we expect we will be able to continue to keep it that at level beyond 2010 based upon the planning we completed. Now, let me talk to cash flow that's on Slide 11. Our free cash flow in quarter three was $283 million compared to $327 million in the prior-year quarter. Higher income levels in the current year were partially offset by slightly higher capital spending and increases in working capital as volumes have picked up. Our adjusted cash tax rate was 6% in the quarter and continues to be lower than our normal rate of 20% as we utilize net operating losses incurred in the prior year in certain international locations. We expect that our full-year cash tax rate will be slightly below 10%. Turning to our working capital metrics, we continue to have good performance as business conditions improve. Our day sales outstanding of 65 days were up one day versus the prior year and up three days sequentially and our inventory days on hand, excluding contracts in progress, of 63 days was down four days year-over-year and was flat sequentially. As I mentioned previously, we expect to be able to maintain the inventory days at this level moving forward. We spent $92 million on capital in quarter three or approximately 3% of sales, up from prior-year levels of $61 million. We expect capital spending in the fourth quarter to be approximately 4% of sales and for the full year, we expect capital expenditures to be about $375 million. Cash restructuring during the quarter was $30 million and we expect about $40 million in the fourth quarter. With this, we expect the full-year cash restructuring spending of slightly below $200 million. And finally, as Tom mentioned, based upon the traction we are seeing, we have increased our guidance for full year 2010 free cash flow to be $1.3 billion versus the $1.2 billion we mentioned last quarter, and this does include the restructuring spending I just mentioned. Moving to Slide 12, which shows our debt and liquidity position, we began and ended the quarter with about $1.8 billion of cash. The free cash flow of $283 million we generated this quarter was essentially returned to our shareholders via dividends of $72 million and share repurchases of approximately 8 million shares. At the end of quarter three, approximately $200 million remained on the current share repurchase authorization and we expect to continue our share repurchases in the fourth quarter, albeit at slightly slower pace than what we did this quarter. Finally, as we covered on the ADC acquisition call last week, the $1.25 billion enterprise value offered is an all-cash offer that we expect to fund with approximately $1 billion from available cash and the remainder from debt. This will allow us to keep our strong credit metrics while retaining flexibility, continue to take advantage of any strategic opportunities while continuing to return cash to our shareholders. Now, let me turn it back to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. I'll give a quick update on our fourth quarter outlook and our full year and add a few comments on how we see the economy. If you want to turn to Slide 13, please? For the fourth quarter, we expect our sales to be in the range of $3.05 billion to $3.15 billion, which is up 13% to 17% year-over-year and about flat sequentially. Continued strength in industrial and infrastructure markets will offset the normal seasonal decline in automotive and the expected decline in our SubCom business. Adjusted operating income is expected to be in a range of $430 million to $460 million compared to $463 million in Q3 and we would accept, as Terrence mentioned earlier, that the Q4 operating margin should be 14% plus. We feel that we've pretty solidly hit that level now and we expect all segments, excluding SubCom, to have margins similar to the third quarter levels. Our adjusted  our Q4 adjusted EPS are expected to now be in the range of $0.68 to $0.72. For the full year, sales are expected to be approximately $12 billion, up 17% versus the prior year and full year EPS are expected to be in the range of $2.49 to $2.53 compared to $0.81 last year. Now, when we were sitting here a quarter ago  we want to compare how we see the second half then versus now. Our organic revenues improved about $200 million, 3% to 4% roughly, offset by about $100 million of euro headwind due to the weaker euro, and our EPS is up about 15% due to that volume increase and stronger margin. So the business is definitely stronger, feeling stronger than when we sat here a quarter ago. Just a few comments looking beyond the fourth quarter. Visibility is somewhat limited because most of our businesses have relatively short lead times as you know and there are  there is a lot of mixed signals in  on the global economy which are definitely creating uncertainty. But on a positive note, conditions in the majority of the markets we serve are much better today than they were a year ago, primarily because inventory levels in the supply chain are much lower. And in several industries, our customers are telling them they are still low, even though there is uncertainty in the demand versus the second quarter. In addition, we are seeing capital spending relating to infrastructure starting to pick up, especially in the broadband, commercial vehicle, and factory automation areas. Another sign is that distribution channel inventories are pretty healthy. Our business has been consistently strong, we expect that to level off, but the inventory in the channel is healthy. Now, we know that things can change quickly. But what I am confident about is that we have momentum in most of our markets, which means we are performing well in most of our markets and we have a much better cost structure in place. It's giving us good operating leverage on the upside as you are seeing this year with gross margins, two quarters in a row at 32%, the ability to hit albeit with a few benefits of 15% operating margins in Q3. And what that also means that in the event we don't  we are not  we are seeing  we are shadowing this, but if there were some kind of downside, we are much better protected on the downside. So to wrap it up, it was another strong quarter and we raised our outlook for the fourth quarter. Cash flow continues to be strong and we expect to generate approximately $1.3 billion, which is $1 billion more than we thought three months ago when we sat down here. During the quarter, we returned $280 million to shareholders, we announced the important acquisition of ADC to establish world leadership position in our network businesses and we are very excited about that and the integration is well underway already. And we are going to continue to maintain a strong balance sheet with the flexibility to pursue strategic options and to continue to return cash to shareholders, which has been our strategy really from day one to be balanced in that regard and we will continue to be that way. So thank you. And with that, operator, can we open the line up for questions?
Operator: Yes, thank you. (Operator Instructions). And the first question does come from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Hi, thank you. Tom, first question for you. Can you just remind us what normal seasonality tends to be for you in the December quarter?
Terrence Curtin: In December quarter  Amitabh, it's Terrence. Typically what we do see is auto production typically comes down a little bit because of taking advantage in certain parts of the world some of the holidays and you also get some of the seasonal outside businesses typically come down a little bit versus a quarter two or quarter three. But typically, it's pretty consistent with our quarter four levels on a normal basis.
Tom Lynch: And I would say it's a little  probably a little bit less this year, because of the catch-up mode that some of the industries are in. For example, some Tier 1s and some OEMs are having a shorter shutdown period this year than normal.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Got it. And then just very quickly, your guidance, let's say 14% plus, 14%, 14.5% operating margin, still at $12 billion sort of revenue run rate, it seems at this level once you get to sort of the $15 billion, you will be well north of 16%. I mean, is that the right way to think about your model or do you think  you probably see some incremental cost pressures as you go into fiscal '11?
Tom Lynch: I would say that's a question we expected. Thanks for asking it early. Actually we feel good that we are solidly and sustainably in the mid-14 range at this level, which gives us a lot of confidence when we talked last quarter that to be able to deliver 15% plus at the $14 billion level is  we are right on track  we are ahead of that plan. Internally, we would expect if we keep this momentum, the possibility of going over that, but I think it's too early to tell. We want to deliver some sustainability. As you know, the mix can shift in this business, exchange rates and things like that. So that's why we say, hey, we are  we feel with this 14%, 14.5% sustainable level, that  when you get a little more revenue on that and the flow through we've been getting, that's what lifts us up to the 15%, 15% plus sustainable level. So we are not capping it by any means, but we want to achieve it and achieve it consistently before we move up the target externally.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Great. One final question and I'll step back in the queue. Gross margins 2Q to 3Q were down 50 basis points, both quarters had about a 50 basis point benefit from Subsea. I'm just trying to understand some of the dynamics. Was there sort of headwinds from currency? Can you just maybe elaborate on that?
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, actually that gross margin that you saw there had to do with  we did talk about last quarter some mix benefits around the distribution channel last quarter on the top. So we did expect  when we guided, we guided basically down. We thought we would be around 31.5. The margin came in right where we expected ex SubCom. So we had some mix benefit in our components segment in our second quarter that didn't repeat here this quarter. But that was the entire driver.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani  RBC: Yes. Thanks a lot, guys. Maybe  if I could just maybe push you a little bit more on that longer-term question, historically you have talked about being 25% plus incremental margins. If you can do that from current levels, that would imply you could get to 16.5%, 17% operating margins on that $14.5 billion run rate. What would be the offsets or caveats to achieving that?
Terrence Curtin: What I would say, Amit, we are not coming off that operating leverage number. So when you see that, it really comes into  that has not changed and it's the sustainable level, we do feel we are at this 14% plus and then what is the growth trajectory off of that. So really that  that's the big item that is what is the growth trajectory off it to get to the 14.5%. We  as we said, we do expect we will be able to get 15% plus at the $14 billion level.
Tom Lynch: And I would add in business mixes.
Terrence Curtin: Exactly.
Tom Lynch: I would say we had  in the recovery of this year, we have all the benefits that you typically have in a recovery and a little bit more than we would have expected in favorable mix in the channel. Now, part of our strength is to grow our share in the channel and I think early indications are we are making progress there. So we are very confident about the path we are on, but it's just too early I think to say, hey, put another $1.5 billion when we are at 16% to 16.5% given the mix of the business we have. I mean, we could conclude to aggressively go after other elements of the business that might have lower operating margins, but  for example, with very high returns. I'm not suggesting that that's the kind of tradeoff and that's why we want to give ourselves that flexibility, but the good news is I think our track record is showing the margin is consistently moving up.
Amit Daryanani  RBC: Fair enough. So as long as the mix is static relatively speaking, the sales growth is there, nothing really inhibits the 25% incremental margins, right? I mean, is that a reasonable takeaway?
Tom Lynch: It's a reasonable takeaway.
Terrence Curtin: That is the right takeaway.
Amit Daryanani  RBC: All right. And then just one more thing. Your auto business, it kind of looks interesting to me because sequentially units were basically flat and on a constant currency basis, you guys actually saw a 5% sequential growth. How much of that 5% growth do you think was content growth versus maybe mix helping you?
Tom Lynch: I would say it's a combination of both. We definitely saw in the latter part of last quarter and through this quarter that in the mix shifts arent wild, but they clearly moved back to the higher end what we would call the premium vehicles. That picked up again and our content, for example, can range from a sort of a subcompact car of $45 a share up to a premium car that has as much as $300 of content. So a shift can move us a little bit. So it's that and more options. We are seeing really everywhere we go  I was in Latin America and Brazil about a month ago and introducing requirements for stability control systems, so that adds a less cyclical content. And we are seeing more options and the OEMs naturally, now that things have settled down, are pushing more options in their deals. So we are seeing that lift right now. But it's more 
Amit Daryanani  RBC: Fair enough. And then just finally, I just wanted to revisit question, which is on the buyback. Could you maybe talk about how much you expect it to slow given the fact we are going to have the ADC transaction closed by end of the calendar year?
Terrence Curtin: Well, we won't get into the exact amount. But what we will do is make sure as we do have this big expense coming up, we will ease it back a little bit from that viewpoint, but we will still continue to do it. And we only have about $200 million left on our authorization anyway on that. So we don't give an exact number, but we do expect to be lower than this quarter.
Amit Daryanani  RBC: All right. Fair enough. Thanks a lot and congratulations on the quarter, guys.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Amit.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, thanks. Just a follow-up on the automotive sector, specifically on the order patterns and inventory. You had a few very, very strong, obviously better than seasonal quarters. Now, you are back to seasonality. Could you give us a  some color on how the inventory at your customers look right now in terms of component inventory and do you expect that at some point there would be some sort of correction as the customers figure out exactly where they are in terms of inventory?
Tom Lynch: Correction is a big word, I would say. We had a big correction 18 months ago that lasted for two quarters. We don't see anything like that, because I think we have all learned  we have  we still have customers expediting us and there is still a general shortage of certain components in the automotive industry. So we are not  whether it's an OEM and inventory on the lots in most countries, not everybody report that the ones that do are down. I think the U.S. is in 45-day range, which is below normal levels, let alone below where it was last year. Tier 1s are not having anywhere near the level of some of the shutdowns as they did even last year, when this thing was starting to ramp at this time, because they are still trying to catch up. So our chats with our Tier 1 partners, the harness makers, the OEMs, their inventories are in very good shape. So if you had a flattening, I don't think you would have much of an adjustment at all. If you had a slight downturn beyond seasonal, I think you would have a small adjustment. So that's what I said earlier in the call, I think things are in much, much better shape. Everybody frankly erred on the side of having too little inventory, which is why there is still a lot of noise in the supply chain and we get our share of that.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. And then could you comment on the pricing environment, not just in auto, but across your components businesses? As you said, there are component shortages, there is a lot of expedited orders. So that would obviously put you at somewhat of an advantage. So could you talk about what you are seeing on ASPs right now and how that trends going forward?
Tom Lynch: I don't  I think with that typically  the impact of that typically means there is less price erosion and  but we continue to be in the 1.5% to 2% range hasn't changed in a couple of years now. But we actually havent much of a change in any of the industries out of normal pattern. I would say again a little bit lighter, because when there is a shortage, folks arent coming in and pressuring you as much as they normally would. But I also think  no, I can speak for us. We've gotten a lot more effective in our pricing as we've retooled our pricing processes over the last two or three years. So we feel like we  we are  have a much better handle on the global pricing trends and how to make sure we are pricing at the right level or not, leaving too much on the table so to speak. So we consistently see under 2%, we do not expect that to change much for the next couple of quarters. And beyond that, it's really hard to tell. Copper has come back again from where it was a quarter ago, back to $3 I think. A quarter ago we were around $3.50. So in general, pretty  not much volatility in pricing right now.
Matt Sheerin  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thank you.
Tom Lynch: You are welcome.
John Roselli: I want to just remind everyone to just hold your questions to one question and one follow-up. We've got a lot of folks in the queue. We want to try to get to everyone here in the next 20 minutes or so. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach  Goldman Sachs: Yes, thank you. Tom, you mentioned that order trends were consistent throughout the June quarter and that strength continued into July. Can you talk about by end market, are you seeing much fluctuation in terms of certain end markets trending stronger or weaker?
Tom Lynch: I wouldn't say fluctuation, Craig. I would  what I would say is, to really plot it out in detail, the non-auto consumer market flattening, just a little bit of a decline, which we do think if there is one industry that the consumer electronics industry probably suffered most from the dearth of supply components and so there is probably a little bit of an overbuild built in supply, but it's not significant. So we are talking about supplying points on the graph here. I would say the industrial market and infrastructure market orders continued to get stronger through the quarter and automotive was fairly  was very stable through the quarter across the regions. So it's been three or four months now and sort of running at the $3.2 billion, $3.3 billion quarter order rate without much variability. And the SubCom business has its own variability, but I'm excluding that.
Craig Hettenbach  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. And then just on the follow-up, I know it's only been a week since you announced the acquisition. But any initial feedback from customers on the ADCT?
Tom Lynch: Yes, I would say very, very positive  very positive from our direct OEM customers. They had all been telling us they want larger strategic suppliers that  so like so many companies are doing, we want less suppliers and we want the ones we have to do more that have more scale, that can give them better value and better investment in technology. And our channel partners are really excited about the idea, because this kind of consolidation simplified their life. It gives us more  we are valuable strategically to a big channel partner than we were as two separate companies and it's really  I think it really is going to be the one and one equals three through the channel as well. We have to work it out and all those things and it will take a couple quarters to get momentum around that. But those are the kind of things we are working on right away.
Craig Hettenbach  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks, again.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Hi, just a quick clarification first. In terms of the seasonality question on auto, what is the typical seasonality for the December quarter?
Terrence Curtin: Typically what you  typically what you'll see and even if you look at the projection for 2011. So we basically would say the December quarter  we said are going to have about 16 million, 16.5 million units being built here in quarter four. Right now, the projections are about 17 million to 17.5 million units going from Q4 to Q1. But typically, that is a lower quarter than the stronger quarters of quarter two and quarter three, Shawn. So hopefully, that helps frame it.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Okay. And then just two brief questions. You mentioned during the prepared remarks you are seeing, I guess, restocking in different parts of the supply chain. Maybe you could just describe where you think you are at in terms of just the timeline of that being completed and then within the specialty products business, EBIT margins at almost 17%, is there upside from there because you have very good profitability right now?
Tom Lynch: When I say restocking, I don't feel like it's a programmatic type of thing where businesses are, "let's get the shelves filled." I think it's just that when things went so hard and they went down that literally everybody in the supply chain, if they didn't have to buy anything, they didn't. And much of the supply chain  even our suppliers and we are  we are fairly  take auto, we are fairly far down the supply chain. The folks who supplied us turned off, it took them a while to get up. That took us a while to come back. So I think it's just getting a regular flow of components and getting normal lead, getting back there the kind of normal lead times you need to live with. So in automotive, when OEMs are releasing orders once a week and the harness makers have to have enough inventory to meet all those difference custom harnesses and deliver them to their customer within a week, we have to have enough connectivity products to do the same. So I think what we are just  I'd say it's getting back in equilibrium, not so much a stock-up. But as we check around and you can imagine we check around twice as much as we did, given what happened last time. We are feeling that it's pretty healthy. We don't think there is any business lift to speak of that's going to come from it. It's more a  like there is a pause here or a little downturn, everybody is going to be in pretty good shape to handle it. So it's not going to have to be a slamming the brakes. There will be much more of a gradually applying of the brakes. But we are even not seeing signs of that yet. So for all the uncertainty in the macro side of things, you talk to OEMs, you talk to Tier 1s, you talk to our sales people, we are getting a pretty consistent message. But we know it can change quickly.
Terrence Curtin: And then on your SPG comment, Shawn, the SPG segment, we do expect we will be above the 16%. And if you actually go back in '08, it ran 17%, 18%. And what we are seeing  it really comes to the point what Tom and I made during the prepared remarks. These are much more industrial markets typically, better gross margins and I think what you saw this past quarter  we expect the margin to be similar in our quarter four. And as volume comes, these are markets that we do think will be in a  the higher-teens versus where they were last year and the lower to middle. So I do think as volume continues to ramp, we do have some more upside in that area.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you very much and congrats on the quarter.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Steven Fox with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox  CLSA: Hi, good morning. Just a question on the industrial markets. Could you talk a little bit about any signs you could point to as to the sustainability of the demand? Obviously, it's come off of lows and was a laggard as the economies around the world have recovered. But why would we be comfortable that, say, a year from now, we are still talking about decent growth in industrial?
Tom Lynch: I think the biggest trend that's going on  and this is what  I don't think we have  we sure don't have any unique insight into the sustainability, but we can apply our own company strategy. The reliance on lots of low-cost labor in China, it  you can't rely on it for the long term. So everybody we talked to including ourselves have key programs that begin to add more automation into the  into that their China operations. And you know us, we produce almost $2 billion worth of revenue in China, we got 30,000 plus employees in China. The supply demand of labor in China continues to be on the favor of the  there is more demand than supply, which leads to turnover. The costs are going up, all the things you would expect as the country goes from the emerging to early development. So we are seeing our industrial customers' business pick up as many, many companies are changing their model. And then the other factor is just the growth of  the buying power of the Chinese consumer is growing significantly. So local consumption is growing, which  and that will be served largely by local production. So I think those are two big drivers. I wouldn't say they are long  I think they are long-term sustainability, I'm sure they'll have peak and valleys as the economy goes. But that's what we see being the single biggest driver. And secondarily, I think everybody trying to guard productivity. You come out of a period where so many companies had to take so much cost out and most of that cost was people, that we are all being very careful how we bring it back in, one, to manage the financial performance of the company and two, reduce the volatility in our workforce. And one of the ways you bridge that gap is different levels of automation. So it's beyond China, but the  if you have to say one big  one single big trend, it's automation in China.
Steven Fox  CLSA: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Lynch: Welcome.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of William Stein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
William Stein  Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about lead times now and when we see the book-to-bill ex SubCom of 1.08. Do we think about that as a backlog building into calendar Q4 or is that more near-term demand that it's reflecting?
Tom Lynch: I would say our lead time probably the last two quarters were a little  I would put in a two-weeks-longer-than-normal category or down to the week-longer-than-normal category. So that gap is improving, our production comes up. I think that certainly we have orders scheduled for the first fiscal quarter of our year. But the real indicator is the order rate that's coming in the door short term, because we know that these orders can be put on hold. I mean, we had a healthy order backlog 18 months ago and got quickly put on hold. We are not seeing any signs of that. So  the key is with the flow rate in the front door so to speak as opposed to what's the size of the backlog, because typically if people are getting nervous, they start to turn down the amount of orders they are releasing. And as I said, that hasn't really  in any of our markets I would say, hasn't tapered much. We look for lots of signs, constantly digging for signs and as I mentioned in an earlier question, other than consumer electronics which is leveled off just a tiny little bit of a tick-down and it's  we can't even conclude anything from it, because there is so much mix within there. We havent seen anything like that.
William Stein  Credit Suisse: Thanks, Tom. And then just one follow-up, if I can. There has been a change in distribution strategy or an evolution of distribution strategy at Tyco over the last, I don't know, a few quarters. I'm wondering if we can get an update on that, where we are in the process of maybe cutting the number of distributors, focusing more products through distribution and comment on maybe any effect that's having on revenue growth and margins.
Tom Lynch: Very well. That's been a  as you know, that's been a big important focus area for us. I think like a lot of our business in the past, we did too many things and we did it in too many ways and therefore we werent effective and we spread ourselves too thin. So whether it's the portfolio or the footprint, I would put our distribution  our historical distribution strategy in that category. So what we decided to do was to have less distributors, more strategic distributors and really have strategic relationships with them. So that program has been underway for two years. The number of distributors now has been cut in about half. We've recently been around to all of our big key strategic distributors and I would say we have a lot of momentum. People are feeling like this is a win-win situation and we feel very good about it. We believe that the beginnings are showing up in our numbers. And it's certainly showing up in terms partner satisfaction, ease of doing business with us, which then turns and we will believe into some market share. So we feel very good about where that program is. Still more work to do.
William Stein  Credit Suisse: Any change in percent of revenue through distribution as a result of this?
Tom Lynch: Maybe up a percentage.
Terrence Curtin: It's inflated a little bit right now.
Tom Lynch: A little bit.
Terrence Curtin: But we wouldn't call that market share necessarily. So still the distribution channels outperformed the direct channel due to some restocking and some shift in spending.
Tom Lynch: I'd say where we are is we are in the increase in mind share right now, which will follow  we expect to follow with market share. But all of the indicators are very positive.
William Stein  Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks very much.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you.
Operator: We go to the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva  Citi: Thank you and congratulations on great results and very strong outlook. I have a question for Tom and the follow-up is for Terrence. Tom, with the ADC transaction now, you are going to be integrating it, does your companies have bandwidth to do more acquisitions during this time period? You just previously mentioned that in the past your company has kind of been spread kind of thin doing a lots of different things. But should we think about you guys digesting and integrating at first or do you still have some bandwidth to do it? And people continually ask me why it takes you three years to integrate this versus others who integrate much faster such as like an Amphenol. And then Terrence, on the follow-up, the other income line of $13 million seems to really move around a lot. Should we expect it to be around that $13 million or kind of go back to the $5 million to $9 million? And on the tax rate, you've been working it down. Are we at the optimal level of around 26% or can you still take tax rate lower? We are talking future quarters out.
Tom Lynch: Yes, Tim. Good question. I think a couple of things. Our sense of sort of object [ph] acquisition, $60 million, fairly straightforward, integration in 30 days. ADC, $1.2 billion company operating on every part of the globe, legal entities all over  how do you optimize factories, how do you optimize the channel. So the integration, it really depends on the definition. So I think us presenting ourselves to the customer, that integration will be done shortly after the deal closes. So our customers will feel one company coming into them very, very quickly. Shortly after that, product roadmap, bringing the harmony together and what  who  what kinds of products, where do we have overlap, where  how are we  who is going to develop what and what lab, what location. That will be defined, I would expect, within three months of integration. Sort of the SG&A, primarily G&A optimization, that will be in the first year. And what takes long is where you might be doing factories and we still have to sort that out. But if there is factory integration, depending on where those factories are, that would take longer. So I don't think it sort of all  it all happens and it takes three years. It's sort of like marching down a football field that you are gaining yards all the way along and making progress all the way along. And when we say  when we  those longer-term things around factories, I think you have to keep in mind, this is a billion-dollar business that has complexity to it and we need to be delivered to it. But I do feel we have an excellent team. The early indications is there is great teamwork between two teams. The second part of your question for me, do we have the bandwidth to do other acquisitions depends on  we wouldn't do another acquisition in this phase, of course. But in other areas, in certain parts of the specialty business where we've had  for example, aerospace and defense or in our network energy where we have things that we would like to bolt on, no. The ability to  we wouldn't be impacted by that, because it would be different people who are doing the work. And we are going to be deliberate, no question about it. It's when really put our network solutions and the telecom piece of that business, it now is a much stronger business than  we want to be "a leader" if not "the leader" in the segments we are in, because there is a lot of benefit for the crew. And if you believe that broadband is a long-term trend which we do  and it's not even broadband as we think of it today. It's much more bandwidth into the home, because when you think of the high-definition, 3D and all those things, that puts us in a good place. So Terrence, you want to answer ?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, let me answer your tax question, Jim, other income. Other income, I think when you when we guided, I typically mentioned it's going to be between $10 million and $13 million. Certainly the complexity of it is interrelated to our tax-sharing agreement and whatever moves in that number typically also affects the tax rate. When you look at  so I do think from a modeling perspective, Jim, and $11 million to $13 million is where we should model per quarter. There will be volatility as we settle things out under the tax-sharing agreement. When you look at the tax rate, the tax rate, I think we've made tremendous progress. At separation, we were mid-30s, certainly not optimized from a structural perspective and we worked very hard. And as I stated before, we've made progress better than even I expected to get to this 26%. The big pieces have been done. I think there could be some more opportunity, but it will be smaller steps and bigger steps. And I think, as we mentioned before, assuming jurisdictional tax rates stay the same and all the pre-separation stuff settled, I do think we could get into the lower 20s once that occurs. But that's still a few years out.
Jim Suva  Citi: Thank you and congratulations to you and your team.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks. Jim.
John Roselli: We'll take one last question.
Operator: Great. And the final question comes from Steve O'Brien with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve O'Brien  J.P. Morgan: Hi, thanks for fitting me in. On the margin side, this quarter and into the fourth quarter, could you update us on what impact, if any, there was from the raw materials prices? I think in the past, we talked about the hedges rolling off and potentially a $5 million to $10 million headwind there. But clearly, prices have somewhat moderated. Maybe it has not been as big of a hit. And then similarly, if you could comment on or help quantify the impact from potentially higher wages? This  if that's running through the model in the fourth quarter, if there was a headwind in the third quarter?
Terrence Curtin: Both of those, Steve, when you look at it, metals, as well as wages, that's not nil effect. Certainly on both of those when you see it in our margin and our margin guidance, any effects of those, we are covering with our core productivity and the fall-through. So it's really  metals is neutral and the inflation is neutral.
Steve O'Brien  J.P. Morgan: That's right. And if I could on  just a one quick follow-up, on the plan to finance a portion of the ADC purchase price with some debt, can you just remind us how much cash you'd like to have on the books to run the business and with free cash flow at $300 million a quarter right now, just  it seems like you could pick up the portion you are planning to finance in just one quarter. So if you could just help us with the rationale of the debt for ADC there, I'd apperceive it.
Terrence Curtin: It's actually quite easy. Really, the debt we are putting on ADC is the debt in line with our credit metrics, Steve. So as we look at anything we like, our credit metrics are where they are at today. Certainly when you look at it, anything we will look at will be to  we will evaluate whether to put that on with those appropriate credit metrics. So I think it's maintaining a balance sheet and the credit metrics that we want, while also balancing returning capital to shareholders, as well as look  making sure you are flexible for further opportunities. On what do we day to day to run the business, day to day, as we've said, it's around $500 million is what we need to run the business. And certainly we've been running with some extra capital for strategic opportunities and we'll still have some flexibility once the deal closes as well. And then the free cash flow, we still believe post-deal, as well as inclusive of ADC, our free cash flow will still continue to approximate our net income. So that model that we've shown is very resilient and will continue into the future.
Steve O'Brien  J.P. Morgan: Okay, thanks.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Steve.
John Roselli: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining the call this morning. That will wrap up the call today. As always, the IR team will be around for any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today until July 29th at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 162015. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. Again, those numbers are 1-800-475-6701, international participants may dial 1-320-365-3844, and entering the access code 162015. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Roselli - VP, IR Tom Lynch - CEO Terrence Curtin - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Amitabh Passi  UBS Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Jim Suva - Citi Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Brian White - Ticonderoga William Stein - Credit Suisse Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Tyco Electronics reports strong fiscal second quarter results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to your host, the Vice President, Investor Relations Mr. John Roselli. Please go ahead.
John Roselli: Thank, [Tasha] and good morning. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics second quarter results for fiscal year 2010 and our outlook for the third quarter and full year. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statements that weve included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to read through the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that addressed the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the investor relations portion of our website at tycoelectronics.com. Also, as we announced this quarter weve renamed our Undersea Telecommunications business to (inaudible) Subsea Communications or Sub-Comp in short, you will hear us refer to it that way today. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, John, good morning, everyone. Lets start with slide three. I guess the best opening would be a lot difference the year makes. We really had an outstanding quarter in the second quarter. Our sales were up 27% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. Our operating margin up 13.9% was up 240 basis points sequentially and well ahead of our 12/12 goal. Our gross margin of 32.4% was the highest since 2007 when the company separated. Our earnings per share of $.64, was up 36% sequentially and significantly exceeded our guidance. If you recall our guidance, the midpoint of our guidance was $0.52 and we were over that by $0.12, $0.08 of that was operational, $0.04 was tax and intangibles, we will be walking you through that in detail. And our free cash flow was strong at $422 million and we are on track to deliver in excess of $1.2 billion of free cash flow for the year. The performance was due to definitely improving economic environments with strong execution on the companys part as well. The global economics environment continued to improve this quarter and we were able to capitalize on this trend. Our Electronic Components segment was up 55% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. This growth was broad based across all geographic regions and end markets and our CFO will walk you through each of the markets in detail in a few minutes. This more than offset the decline on our Subsea Communications segment, as you know we have been foreshadowing and discussing that expected decline for several quarters now. We're really encouraged by the demand strength in most of our electronic components end markets and expect sales to stay at the current level in the second half as continued growth in the industrial markets offsets normal seasonal decline in automotive in the fourth quarter. And it's pretty clear that the environment is much better than three months ago and when we started three months ago significantly better than we expected when we started here six months ago. During the second quarter we did begin to see a pickup in business levels in our Specialty Products and Network Solutions segment and as a result we expect revenue to increase about 10% in the second half in these segments. As you know these segments turndown later than components and they are recovering about two quarters later. Again this growth will more then offset the further softening in our Subsea business, which is now going to settle in at about 150 million per quarter range. Im also really pleased with our continued improvement in execution. Our gross margin increased about three points sequentially to 32.4% and this drove the adjusted operating margin increase to 13.9%. Improving gross margin has clearly been a top priority for the company for several years, the reduction in our footprint coupled with our productivity programs are clearly delivering results. Our second quarter gross margin also benefited from (inaudible) point of favorable mix about half of which was due to very strong margins in the Subsea business. And those strong margins in Subsea Communications were directly related to excellent execution on the part of that team. We expect gross margins to be in the 31% range for the balance of the year, which is approximately two points higher than our 2008 levels on about 20% lower revenues. Our operating margin has exceeded our near term goal of 12% and were well on our way towards (inaudible) milestone goal of 15%. We now expect to achieve 15% margins at a sales level of around 14 billion. Timing, we had another very good quarter of free cash flow of $422 million in the quarter. We paid a quarterly dividend of 70 million and repurchased approximately 5.7 million shares during the quarter. I also want to highlight our strategic progress in a couple of key areas as I typically do each quarter. In China, which is now the largest vehicle producing country in the world and they are on path to do 13 million to 14 million vehicles produced in China this year. Automotive vehicle production was up 63% year-over-year in the second quarter, our China automotive business grew almost 200% in the quarter and were now on track to reach a $0.5 billion of sales through this market this year, so our China automotive business in fiscal year 10, our current year is going to be about $0.5 billion. We continue to build on our very strong positions with both the multi-national OEMs as well as the local Chinese OEM. In our Data Comm business, which is almost $1 billion in annual sales, our new high speed Data Comm product platforms continue to gain market acceptance and we have had several strategic win in U.S. and Asia over the last three months. Its been a high priority business for us and I think in the last year our new platforms are really starting to catch on an increased design wins are coming as a result of that. We also continued to improve our position in the mobile phone market with sales growth of 34% year-over-year. Over the past year we further strengthened our position with the leading handset makers and expanded our business across the high growth, high content smartphone segment of the market. As we know this continues to be a growing market, slowed down a bit last year, the smartphone portion of the market is really accelerating and there is significantly more content in smartphones for companies like ourselves and we feel were very well positioned to take advantage of this shift in the market in overall growth. And now Ill turn it over to Terrence, whos going to cover our Q2 performance in more details.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to start by reviewing our sales performance by segment and market and then Ill get into earnings and cash flow. So if you start with slide four, this shows our overall revenue performance growth by segments both on a year-over-year and on a sequential basis. Total company sales of just under $3 billion were up 27% year-over-year and the quarter. The growth was driven primarily by Electronic Components segment, which was up 55% with growth across all markets. Excluding our Subsea Comm business growth was broad-based across all regions at with Asia up 64%, Europe up 29% and the Americas up just shy 20%. We also benefited year-over-year from currency translation which had an impact of about 470 basis points on year-on-year growth or roughly $100 million. On a sequential basis our sales were up 2% with growth in the Electronic Components, Specialty Products and Subsea Communications segments, which is partially offset by a slight decline in our Network Solutions segment that was driven by typical seasonality. In our businesses serving the consumer markets which is about half of revenue, our sales increased 73% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. Remember that this quarter last year was the low point in the downturn in these consumer markets. As expected, our Industrial and Infrastructure markets start to show improvement and our sales were up 3% versus the last quarter. Order rates in the Industrial and Infrastructure markets improved throughout the quarter as evidenced by our three largest segments having book-to-bill ratios of 1.05 or greater. Our orders were up 6% in these markets on a sequential basis and this momentum supports our outlook for the improvement in these markets for the remainder of this year. Now, let me get into segment performance by markets. When I talk to growth rates, all changes that Ill discuss will be on an organic basis. So if we can turn to slide five. On the left-hand side of slide, lets look at the key markets in our Components segments. In the automotive market, our sales versus the prior year increased 78% and sequentially were up 5% with growth in all regions. Sequentially, automotive production was flat as approximately 17.5 million vehicles. However as expected, we did benefit from continued restocking in the supply chain. Based upon current projections, quarter three auto production is expected to be slightly down to about 17 million vehicles. We expect that our sales in the automotive market will be similar to quarter two levels as the effects of restocking wind down and our sales get back in line with vehicle productions. And as Tom indicated, we do expect right now we will get normal seasonality beginning in the fourth quarter which typically is about a 5% decline going from quarter three to quarter four. In the Data Comm market, which includes sales to the communications equipment server and storage markets, our sales increased 8% year-over-year and were up 7% sequentially driven by the rebound that's occurring in the enterprise market, were spending on broadband infrastructure and data storage equipment has increased. In the industrial equipment market, our sales were up 29% versus the prior year and up 18% sequentially. And were seeing improved end demand overall as capital spending increases and China is leading the way of the demand up turn and we did also benefit in this market from some distributor restocking. In the appliance market our sales were up 56% versus the prior year and up 14% sequentially and we saw double-digit increases across all regions. In the computer market, our sales increased 19% versus the prior year and were up with 4% sequentially driven by end demand for notebook and netbook products. And finally, in the consumer device market, which includes our sales to the mobile phone and consumer electronics markets, our sales were up 39% versus the prior year, but sequentially were down 8%. And the sequential decline was driven by post holiday declines and the end market demand. Let me talk about Network Solutions on the right-hand side of the slide, our sales in the segment declined 6% versus the prior year of 1% sequentially. The sales declines were driven by continued capital spending reductions by our customers and a seasonal decline in the energy market. As mentioned, these markets in segment are later cycle and in 2009 may began to decline approximately two quarters later than our consumer end markets. And were seeing a similar lag on the way back up. Order rates have improved in the segment and our book-to-bill ratio for the quarter was 1.05.  On the submarkets in this segment, sales to the energy market were down 7% versus prior year driven by continued lower spending and inventory reductions at the utility customers. Our revenues were down sequentially 5% due to the typical seasonality we get in this business in the winter months. In the enterprise network markets, our sales increased 8% versus the prior year and were flat sequentially, reflecting improvement in the datacenter, government, and education markets, while the commercial construction markets continue to be weak. Our sales to the service provider marker declined 15% versus the prior year due to the slow down in wireline capital investment in all regions. Revenues were however up 5%, sequentially due to increasing fiber deployments and international market, specifically Europe. We expect this up tick to continue as the increasing demand for data any time and any where requires more capacity in both the wired and wireless markets. For our third quarter we expect total segment sales in the Network Solutions segment to increase about 10% sequentially with growth in all of our markets. This will be our first year-on-year increase in this segment since the quarter downturn. Now lets move to slide six, to talk about Specially Products and Subsea Communications. On the left hand side starting with Specialty, sales in this segment increased 8% overall versus the prior year and 6%, sequentially. The book-to-bill was 1.08 in quarter two and for quarter three we expect a mid-single digit increase in revenues overall. Sales to the Aerospace, Defense & Marine market declined 8% versus the prior year, but were up 8% sequentially due to improvement that were seeing in the commercial aerospace and business jet market. During the quarter we saw a nice increase in our orders and for quarter three, we expect a low single digit increase in revenues sequentially. In the Touch Systems business, our sales were up 6% versus the prior year and up 5% sequentially. We are benefiting from our sales into the retail market as the capital spending in that area continues to improve during the quarter. For quarter three we expected double digit increase in revenues versus quarter two driven by improving conditions in both the industrial market and the improved capital retail spending trends I just mentioned. We are also seeing significant early interest in our newer Touch platforms that we talked about last quarter and although we dont anticipate any revenue from these platforms until next year.  In our circuit protection business, which serves mainly our consumer markets, sales increased 67% versus the prior year and sequentially revenues were down about 1% as expected due to the normal seasonal decline and sales for the consumer mobile device markets. And lastly, in specialty and our medical products business our sales decreased 5% versus the prior year while revenues were up 8% sequentially driven by improvement in disposable applications. Looking at the right of the chart in our Sub Comm segments, as expected sales declined 33% versus the prior year, sequentially revenues were up 4%. Our backlog ended the quarter at $616 million and we expect revenue at approximately $150 to $170 million in each of quarter three and quarter four, which would result in full-year sales in the range of $700 million to $750 million, which is down from $1.2 billion last year. Rating and coding activity remained solid, although we didnt put any large projects in the quarter. We did win a project for approximately $125 million that would be going into our backlog in quarter three and we have been awarded portions of two other projects in excess of $100 million each that are in the process of obtaining funding. All of these projects will benefit 2011 and our initial view of 2011 sales for the Sub Comm segment is in the range of $600 million to $700 million. Now let me discuss earnings which start on slide seven. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $398 million which includes restructuring and other changes of $12 million. In connection with our manufacturing simplification, we closed another two sites in the quarter and our current site total was 90. Our footprint simplification is on track and we expect to get down to a mid-80 site count by the end of 2011. We also continue to refine our cost estimates and timing of P&L charges and we expect approximately 30 million of charges in quarter three and for the full-year we now expect charges of approximately $120 million, currently for 2011 we expect approximately a $100 million or less in charges. Overall, weve made excellent progress in streamlining the footprint and this has been the major contributor to our margin improvement as Tom mentioned. Adjusted operating income was $410 million in the quarter with an adjusted operating margin of 13.9%. The pull through on sequential sales and improvement in margin continues to demonstrate our improved operating leverage from our cross actions and our ongoing productivity programs, this was particularly evident in the Electronic Component segment where the adjusted margin was 13.6% compared to a loss last year. In addition, total company margin did benefit from the completion of certain contracts in the Subsea Communications segment, which positively affected overall margins by approximately 50 basis points in the quarter. In quarter three we expected our adjusted operating margins to continue to be above 13%. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.64 up $0.36 from the first quarter reflecting a growth in operating income and an approximately $0.04 benefit from a lower tax rate. Now lets move to slide eight. Turning at the top half of the slide, our gross margin in the second quarter was 32% and this gross margin is the highest level since our separation in 2007 and there is an increase of over 900 basis points versus the prior year and 300 basis points versus quarter one. As I mentioned, one-time items in the Sub-Comp segment benefited gross margins by approximately 50 basis points. In addition, gross margin also benefited from volume increases and a slightly favorable sales mix in our component segment. Excluding these beneficial effects gross margin would have been approximately 31% and this is where we expect to be for the remainder of the year. Looking at the bottom half of the slide, on operating expenses which did include both RD&E and SG&A, they were up $88 million year-on-year driven by the increase in sales as well as increased performance compensation and pension expense which I discussed last quarter.  Operating expenses were up approximately 8% versus the first quarter driven by further increases in performance compensation as the business has strengthened, as well as increased investment in RD&E and some currency transaction losses we had in the quarter versus currency gains that we had in the first quarter. We expect that our RD&E will continue to be approximately 5% of sales and that our SG&A will decline by approximately $15 million on a sequential basis in quarter three and [applying] on quarter four. As a percentage of sales, our SG&A showed approximately 13% for the rest of the year. Turning to slide nine; let me discuss items on the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $32 million versus $38 million in the prior year due to lower debt levels. Adjusted other income which relates to our tax sharing agreement was $11 million compared to $3 million in the prior year, for quarter three, we expect this will remain approximately $11 million of income. The GAAP effective tax was 31% in the quarter and the tax rate on adjusted income was 23%, this lower adjusted tax rate benefited the EPS by approximately $0.04 versus our guidance. In quarter three and for the remainder of fiscal 2010, we expect the tax rate on adjusted income of approximately 26%. We also expect to be able to keep our adjusted tax rate at 26% beyond 2010 based on the planning that weve completed. And you may recall that when we separated from Tyco International, our adjusted tax rate was in the mid 30s and our goal was reduced by 200 to 300 basis points over three years. Im very pleased with the progress we made to bring the rate down much faster than we originally anticipated.  Now let me talk about cash flow thats on slide 10. Our free cash flow in quarter two was $422 million compared to $370 million in the prior year quarter and this increase was due to higher income levels and slightly lower capital expenditures. Our adjusted cash tax rate was 8% in the quarter and continues to be lower than our normal cash tax rate of 20% as were utilizing net operating losses incurred in the prior year in certain international locations. We do continue to expect that our full year cash tax rate will be in the low teens. Turning to our working capital metrics, we continue to have very good performance as business conditions improve. Our quarter two networking capital which is receivables plus inventory minus AP days was 66 days and that compares to 67 days last quarter and represents approximately a 20 plus percent reductions from where our working capital metrics were, create a downturn back in 2008. When you look at our day sales outstanding of 62 days that was down four days versus prior year and one day sequentially. On inventory days on hand excluding contracts in progress, we were down 20 days year-over-year and five day sequentially to 63 days, which is where we expected to be and we expect to be in the 60s as volumes stay at these levels. On capital, we spent $81 million on CapEx in quarter two, down slightly from prior year levels. We do expect our capital spending to pickup starting next quarter and well run approximately 4% of sales for the remainder of the year and for the full-year we expect capital spending to be about $400 million. Cash restructuring in the quarter was $55 million and for the full-year we now expect cash restructuring spending of approximately $200 million. When you take all of this, we expect our 2010 free cash flow will be greater than $1.2 billion and that includes to restructuring cash out flow. Let's move to slide 11 to talk about our balance sheet. We began this quarter with about $1.7 billion of cash and ended the quarter with $1.8 billion. Uses of cash during the quarter included return of capital to shareholders of $219 million, which included dividends of $72 million and share repurchases of $147 million. Also at our annual meeting that we held in March, shareholders improved four quarterly dividends of $0.16 per share starting with the third fiscal quarter of 2010. As we discussed on the last call, we plan to increases our share repurchases in quarter two and during the quarter we repurchased approximately 5.7 million share or $150 million. At the end of quarter two, we still have approximately 440 million remaining on the current share repurchase authorization and absent any significant acquisition activity, we would expect to use the reminder of this authorization in this fiscal year. And finally, as we talked last call, we did complete the acquisition of Sensitive Object during the quarter, which resulted in a net cash outflow of $55 million. Let me turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. I will now give the third quarter outlook, talk a little bit about the full year outlook, and recap what weve just said and then we will open up the Q&A. For the third quarter, we expect our sales to be in the range of $3 billion to $3.1 billion, which is up 20% to 24% year-over-year and 1% to 5% sequentially. Excluded the expected decline in our Sub Comm segment, our year-over-year organic growth should be 30% to 34% and 47% sequentially due to the increased strength in our networks solution and specialty products segments. Adjusted operating income is expected to be in the range of $395 million to $420 million compared to $410 million in Q2. The Q3 operating margin should be in the range of 13.2% to 13.6% and this is a slight decline from where we are in Q2 driven by the Sub Comm margin decline which we would expect was very high, unusually high in Q2. Our Q3 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to be $0.61 to $0.65. At this time we are also reintroducing a full year outlook. Sales are expected to be in the range of $11.8 billion to $12 billion for our full fiscal year 10 which is 15% to 17% growth versus the prior year and up 22% to 24% excluding Sub Comm and this translates into full year adjusted EPS from continuing operations which are expected to be in the range of $2.32 to $2.40 compared to $0.83 last year. So just to wrap up, we really feel we had a good first half, clearly economic conditions improved during the first half and were encouraged by our order rates over the last quarter as well as the first month of this quarter, (inaudible) we are equally feeling good about is the strong execution. If you comparer us to when we launched three years ago we have a much more focused business portfolio and much more efficient manufacturing footprint which we reduced by 33% in that time. And were also better in the good old faction area of productivity, this has enabled us to improve gross margins at a 31% plus range and its clearly demonstrating better operating leverage in the company, which was of the highest priorities for us as we separated. Cash flows will continue to be strong as we generate in excess of $1.2 billion this year. Stronger earnings, better management of our capital and continued improvement in working capital management. And then as we talked about a year ago when was business was difficult, we felt the best thing to do is to structure the business, take costs out to structure the business around to $12 billion revenue level that we generate 12% adjusted operating income. I think thats turned out to work out pretty well for us and were now running at about 13% at the $12 million revenue level. And I feel very confidence that we have line of faith for 15% at a $14 million revenue level. And the way to think about that is, the model would look like this, gross margins in the 32% range R&D in the 5% of sales range, SG&A in the 12% of sales range and I would also translate to net income in the 10 plus percent of sales range and return on invested capital all in including good will at 20% plus. So I think weve got to key it up, we have to continue to execute, but we feel like all the work of the past three years has really started to kick in. And then the last point, I think were maintaining the right balance of keeping our strategic option open, options open in returning cash to share holder, as Terrence explained, we turned over 200 million, but I think as weve consistently said our priority is to continue to strengthen the company strategically. We took a step to strengthen our Touch business last quarter, and its still early -- with that acquisition of course, but were excited about the prospects in the next couple of years and we are building an asset pipeline much more active than weve been here in the last three years, but then I assure you that were very thoughtful about the what we are going to do with that pipeline and how we are going to approach it. Well, with that, a good quarter and lets open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And first question will come from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot, good morning, guys. May be just to start off here, given the strength you guys have seen in your Electronic Component and the Specialty Products side, can you just talk about how much of that business is direct versus through the channel and then you see a material delta between your selling rates into the channel versus to the OEMs?
Tom Lynch: The normal split for our business is about 80% direct, 20% channel and what we considered direct is when we design in with the end customer, so in automotive that could be a product that ultimately goes through a tier 1, but were getting design win by the end customer. And I would say to the second part of your question, were not seeing any material difference in the buy rates from either category of the market.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And then nice to see the full year guide and you guys are pulling in a 15% margin target on 14 million sales now. If I kind of work to math roughly speaking, you guys are looking at about 20% incremental margins from todays -- the quarter you just reported?
Terrence Curtin: Sorry Matt, when you look at that remember we do get some benefit out of our Sub Comm business being 20 plus percent earnings and as weve said all along, when it gets into where we guided that $600 million to $700 million next year, it should be in the lower teens. So you do need to adjust out for that. You would get in off that 13 plus rates that weve got for rest of the year, more of a high 20% fall through rates than where you quoted.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Ill stop that question there, so maybe a different one then. Can you just talk about what your current utilization rates are and given sort of the phenomenal book-to-bill you guys just reported today. At what data point you need to stop adding more capacity on a CapEx basis and increase your OpEx to meet uptick in demand?
Tom Lynch: I mean we have been increasing OpEx in our factories in our supply chain, but were covering that with productivity. So there is no question that were adding more people back to respond to the increase in demand and all the supplies and everything that go with that. So, that is reflected in the current results from a capacity point of view our bricks and mortar were planning good, absolute manufacturing capacity, I think were fine at the capital investment levels that Terrence talked about in the 4% to 4.5% range. And the most variable part of our capital spending is the tooling that we spend, which is that half of our capital spending related to new program. So as we win new program thats the piece that varies the most. But we dont -- I would say, we dont feel pinched on capacity, where there's pinch points and there are still some, that is less than a quarter ago, its more the expanded supply chain of material. We are not delivering in some cases the (inaudible) of life tends to be the supply chain more that our fewer manufacturing capacity.
John Roselli : I just want to ask everyone limit their questions to one question and one follow-up, we have a lot of folks in the queue and want to make sure we get to every one.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi of UBS.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: My first question just had to with your expectations for auto. Can you just remind us as you go from September to December, what we should expect in terms of the sequential changes in production? And then I just wanted to confirm as we look at from 2010 to 2012, do you still think to 64 million production number in terms of units for 2010 and 73 for 2012 is still, what youre sort of planning for or your estimates right now?
Terrence Curtin: Amitabh, its Terrence, let me take that. Where we have been is, if you look at quarter one and quarter two, car production including light vehicles that we put in [hours] was around 17.5 million vehicles built on the plan in the past two quarters. We do see a slight sequential down tick into the June quarter down to around 17 million vehicles and then we do expect to get into what is typical automotive seasonality down about 5% in production in quarter four. And as a mentioned on the call, we view that this protocol is when well get hooked completely back again with production is our expectation now. For the year that equates to those numbers, equate to about $68 million build level and current use of next year is more around low 70s, 71 million is where we see it. So it is coming back faster than where we talked before. Yeah, we certainly, I have said 73 which was the 08 level more like a 12, it looks like we could be getting it earlier in 12 from a production perspective.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Got it. And then just one follow-up, I'm just trying to get to the midpoint of your EPS guidance for next quarter. One is, you can give some commentary around OpEx and then the fact that you're going to exhaust the full $40 million in your share buyback plan. Should we assume share count down 6 million, 7 million sequentially, would there be some offset there?
Terrence Curtin: When you look at our guidance, I think the right way to think about from what Tom, and I mentioned is, we did benefit from a lower tax rate this quarter versus the next quarters guidance which is about $0.2 difference. SG&A that I talked about going down will add about a penny or two and then the volume benefit really offsets the gross margin coming down a little bit. That's really how you get to the midpoint of our guidance. From a share count perspective just how it works, it will come down little bit probably not to the full amount that you mentioned just due to how the accounting guys make the average. But we are anticipating to use right now the rest of your authorizations through the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin of Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Question regarding the gross margin, sounds like its somewhat capped at 32% still pretty high, were just trying to figure the components that go into in terms of leverage going forward, and inline with that, could you talk about materials pricing, copper and other cost that maybe headwinds going forward. And then also the ASP environment in terms of your pricing to customers given that demand is good, are you able to keep prices firm or even increase prices in some cases?
Tom Lynch: Let me, if I forgot one of those, remind me. If you start with the where the gross margin level is, as Terrence pointed out, a few benefits, one related to execution, one related to business mix in the quarter, but the 31% we feel very good about. We have a wide range of businesses and products all related around connectivity and 31% is pretty healthier margins. And think about 31% for the balance of this year, I mean we dont feel were limited 31 or 32 necessarily, but we got to take one step at time to improve them. In terms of headwinds, baked into our second half is some slight copper headwinds, copper at 335 is slightly higher than what it costs us in the first half of the year where we benefited from fixed purchases we made, but fundamentally the combination of our productive programs and what I would call selective price increases, because on this business really every business close that we have an opportunity to bid on, you have to factor in really we want to be in price. But having said that, pricing has been pretty stable all year, I havent seen really much of a material change. Were looking even where copper is at some selective increasing in the second half to offset that.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Then just as a follow-up, just looking at your guidance for the year, it looks like youre expecting revenue to sort of flatten up a little bit here. Tom, could you just give us a take on where you see demand playing out, because obviously youre benefiting and other suppliers are benefiting somewhat from this inventory to restocking thats been going on and its been hit consumer in auto first and now were seeing in the industrial markets. So theres some lag there, but whats your sense of that whole inventory restocking replenishment. When do you think that starts to end and when do you start to grow more inline with your OEM and EMS customers?
Tom Lynch: The big one for us of course is automotive, thats by far the biggest piece of our business that affected by that and we see that getting inline next quarter. What you really start to look at where production and the industry, the industry right now is calling as Terrence mentioned about 68 million vehicles produced around the world and about 68 million sold around the world in our fiscal year 2010. So we had less inventory related replenishment benefit in Q2 and that pretty much is done by Q3. We have a little dip in automotive in Q4, but thats the model changeover for lot of the company. So thats the typical seasonality. If you look at the rest of our consumer businesses, consumer electronics, handset were important to relatively small. I think in PC, largely through that cycle already and industrial wasnt much of that to begin with and again smaller pieces of market in automotive, but there wasnt so much, so Id say, it largely behind of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citi: My first question and then the follow-up, Ill tell you the same time too, but the first question has to do with the outlook of sales, which is $3 billion to $3.1 billion has higher than the reported $2.6 billion this quarter. The EPS guidance is you posted $0.64, but youre guiding $0.61 to $0.65. I understand maybe a penny of tax, but it just seems like you have more sales, you have restructuring doing traction. Why wouldn't the guidance of EPS to be higher? Is there some conservatism built in there or kind of what disconnect between higher sales and not higher EPS? Then the follow-up question has to do with the Undersea business. I think like it's been several quarters in a row discussions bidding on projects and I'm just wondering is this more of funding issues that the different entities are having to fund some of these contracts or theres just a little bit of uncertainty in the demand environment has causing the economic reasons to call some of these companies not to build out some more, or we just kind of had a structural lower level that we should think about here or potentially theres a buildup of additional contracts that should really help at some point in the future? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Let me take your outlook question and then Ill ask Tom to talk about Sub Comm. When you look at it sequentially, the tax impact having a 23% tax rate, which we had a quarter 2 to the 26 is actually a $0.02 differential Jim. So when you look at that that is an element that is a drag. The other element that we had that we talked about was the Subsea over earning from a gross margin what it did on the rates, so with the gross margin coming from 32 to 31 that is about $0.04 negative. Offsetting those negatives, when you think about it is the volume impact that you talk about, which would have offsets the gross margin slight down draft and then the other benefit we have is SG&A coming down by $15 million, which is a couple of cents. So when you look at those, theres two negatives, gross margin coming down, tax going up slightly and then the positives are the volumes as well as the SG&A benefit that we talk will also be coming down. Tom will talk about Sub Comm.
Tom Lynch: On Sub Comm, as you know we came off with a couple of really big years $1 billion plus years, which had several two really large contract, one over a $0.5 billion and one over $300 million. There continues to be a fair amount of activity, I think there are some that are taking longer because of funding. I think were confident that eventually happen that the projects tend to be more in the $100 million to $200 million range. I think in a sense the wildcard is the visibility out beyond six months. I mean we know what our backlog is, but typically the way the business works as the folks are deciding to build a network, while theyre in that process of deciding and gathering their funding in their business plan that is very little bit visibility around that for their competitive reasons. Once they decide, they want to go forward thats when they pull companies like ourselves and to give them a bit on how to do it. So these are big major strategic investments, we dont typically have year or two year visibility to a pipeline. We tend to see it when our folks have decided. Theyre going to do something for sure and then they start to bidding process with us. If you go back over the last three years, I think generally theres been more activity than we have expected. Again due to the visibility and I think we all know thats really due to sort of the data anytime, anywhere and data rich transmissions, more video, YouTube, et cetera. So our focus is to make sure we have the right balance of capacity and that we can capitalize on most of the upside and that we ensure in the event of significant downside. Were still profitable and better than cost of capital and that model has been working pretty well for us for the last four years.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research; please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: First question just ask to deal with the revised against sales range for the 15% EBIT margin. If you could talk to maybe what's change versus one to two quarters ago, where youre looking at $14 billion to $15 billion in terms of maybe what's more profitable or maybe how the mix of businesses changed a little bit, I think youve told into target on the lower sales level?
Terrence Curtin: I think the main thing is the execution is happening. We were confident that we would get through things like the restructuring, but when youre taking that much off line and moving in someplace also its a bit of risk, a clean up of the portfolio has certainly been a major contributor. I think were better at pricing from values than we were towards the years ago and were getting the leverage in the Electronic Components segment. I think if Id have to pick one thing, the business is there really done an excellent job of getting the cost out and as the business comes back and the revenue ramps managing extremely effectively through productivity that these groups have been working on for a three years now. Were much more protective than we were. So I think thats the combination of those things, but I had to say hey, which exceeded your expectation Shawn, and most if its the productivity were getting in the day-to-day running of the business. That contributes most of that point improvement, the 13 and 12 thats now given up the confidence to talk about 15 and 14.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Then just to be follow-up question is your different global automotive sales run rate youre looking to get to that $14 billion and then my follow-up question is just on the later cycle businesses, the specialty products and network solutions. Just maybe if you could characterizing what youre seeing over the next six months and kind of what inning you believe youre in, in terms of the recovery there? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Shawn, we talked about a different automotive run rate, I assume in the different growth rates in the region.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Either growth rates of the region have a global production number, I think previously that 15% EBIT margin target you are using kind of a mid 70s global production number?
Tom Lynch: Id say its still in that 73, 74 million unit range. So thats a little bit, thats a little bit better, I mean thats happening faster as Terrence said and plus our operating leverages is a little bit better in that business then where we start we would be six months ago, so thats a combination and then were doing extremely well in the emerging markets and automotive and theres nice leverage there as well. In terms of the late cycle businesses, Im not counting on anything extraordinary, but accounting on them getting back to a growth our profile in second half of the year thats 10% second half versus first half and then getting into their portion of the recovery for SPGA network, but I would say that whats really given up the confidence to go between $14 billion and $15 billion revenue say its going to be around $14 billion, as were getting the productivity and were especially getting it in Electronic Components.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Brian White of Ticonderoga.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: Im wondering, if you talk about a little bit about the trends that youre seeing by geography and specifically for auto?
Tom Lynch: Sure, I would say starting with Asia, as we alluded to this incredible growth in China, two weeks ago Ive visited one of the local Chinese OEMs in a small town of 3.5 million people, four hours from Shanghai and 12 years ago they were starting their business and now they are. If they were producing in the U.S. that be number three. So its happening the infrastructure is being built quickly over there that drive, that four hour drive was on a six-lane divided highway, so its moving quickly and people want to own cars. Japan not as a consuming country for say, but as a manufacturer of mobiles, is picking up again, so the experts are picking up as well as pent up demand in Japan. So Asia as a whole is really solid up 25% solid double-digit growth for us right now. Europe has been solid growth for us and I think we expect that especially Europe and U.S. to go more into the seasonal slowdown in Q4, but I think youve heard the numbers recently as companies like Todd, where sales were strong, and most folks are attributing it so there is it. People are feeling better and there is pent up demand, so Id say, we fell things are going to start leveling off around this 17 million for the next couple of quarters, but thats a pretty robust level compared to where we thought would be six months ago.
Terrence Curtin: Brian, to give you may be to add to what Tom said, if you look at the 68 million vehicles we quoted, thats up about 20% versus 09 and certainly Asia overall is up almost 30% in that, but China certainly out earning Japan and Korea. Certainly, we have the rebound in North America from our production, we see North America production to be up 30% this year, and then EMEA is up low double-digits its around 12% from a production levels, just sort of pitch into some of the numbers.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: If we look at this recovery, so they started restocking, there were some incentives, people thought auto sales will drop off after the incentives they havent. Do you believe the auto market has entered a new cycle and how would you compare this cycle versus other cycles?
Tom Lynch: Well, I wish I knew. I hope they are, but I think its still too early to tell. I would say, the indicators are positive that you wouldnt be unrealistic to think about a normal growth profile next year for vehicle production and for our business in relation to that, but we dont have any unique view beyond the next two quarters.
Terrence Curtin: Yes Brian, theres been no cycle like this in the automotive industry history, so typically and then we talked about it before. The auto typically gets to pre-recessionary bills. We talked that about four years after. So we never had anything as deep as what we went through last year. So certainly every thing that were seeing does feel quicker, but to Toms point theres never been a cycle where we seen, what we went through last year, but it is trending quicker based upon what we see in the short-term. 
Tom Lynch: We also didnt have China, like we do today and we also didnt have to move to hybrid electric automobiles probably
Terrence Curtin: To that point, I think if you get away from what do we think the numbers are going to be in the next year is hard to call, we love the fundamental. I mean we love the fundamental that half the world have been driving for a few years really and electronics is going to continue proliferate and you look at these cards that have been made by the Chinese OEMs. I mean they are not low content cars, they are not European car content average, but content moving up, people like features and they decided to buy a car they typically want a several of the features then you lay in on top of that hybrid vehicle, electric vehicle, electronic content goes up, that benefits us. So we think the fundamental in the business are really, really good overtime and of course theyre good right now as were in the recovery page. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of William Stein, Credit Suisse; please go ahead.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Guys, Im wondering if you can talk inventory a little bit. It was up about 6% in dollars and six days in the quarter. Can you give us an idea for what we should expect going forward, and also can you quantify the impact on our profitability in the quarter from the inventory built?
Tom Lynch: When you look at, the impact on the quarter was nil, I mean, well just take that first. Secondly when you look at it, we have been saying that, as the business came back and as we wanted to make sure we were serving our customer, we would be getting back into that. As you model it, I think you have to model about where that from a metric perspective, certainly Ill move with volumes we do expected to say and where is that right now.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: One more, if I can on the restructuring side, it sounds like youre talking about new charges coming in that might not have been formally announced as kind of a new restructuring program to have that right, and can you give us an idea for how big this one is going to be and what the impact on kind of standalone basis excluding the leverage?
Terrence Curtin: If we love anybody without impression, we loved you with a wrong impression. I would say just the opposite. Last year, as I think we told everybody was the peak of the restructuring its comedown, and we executed that plan a little ahead of plan, so were getting close so where think we need to be given where the outlook of the businesses thats always going to be fine-tuning in the business like this. I think about this well passed the peak of restructuring and no big new restructuring programs to be announced.
Tom Lynch: What Ive mentioned during the call is consistent with what weve been talking about us the part of the major program volumes down, theres nothing new
William Stein - Credit Suisse: So the charge thats going to happen next quarter and I think theres a little bit more in Q4 that you imply that just holdover from stuff thats already been announced, is that right?
Tom Lynch: Correct.
John Roselli: As we show (inaudible) we will take one more question.
Operator: Okay. And the final question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach of Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Nice to see the buyback activity, a lot of other companies have been slow to do that, but what does that say just about the M&A environment and potential pipeline out there and how should we think about capital allocation going forward?
Tom Lynch : I think sure the way to think about our capital allocation is the dividend first, at least to say the debt level first, but that's behind us. The dividend first, strategic moves to strengthen the company and not that we are ruling anything out, but as weve said often I believe that for the right opportunities wed like to do that in networks in our specialty products business. And then to the extent that those opportunities don't present themselves or they don't percent themselves on a timely basis. We would return capital to shareholders. We have about 440 million left on the current buyback and so as Terrence said, absent anything that well take priority over that, you can expect that to happen over the balance of the year. But clearly, we have been spending a lot more focus over the last year building the pipeline for two years before that, no question on priority was to get the business focused and the structure very sound, so that we could grow faster organically. I am very encouraged about the organic opportunities in the company. And I mentioned one big one I mentioned in China automotive, but we fell there's a number of allowance there that remains our top priority. But with the cash level we have we're clearly looking at opportunities in our pipeline. I think we would also be fair to say that well probably going to be around the current cash level, we wouldn't build that much more. So that in conjunction with 440 less on the buyback authorization from last year. How I would model at [inaudible] for now.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then on the follow-up, the strength you're seeing in the industrial market is that really just the broad macro recovery is there anything specific to Tyco from a design win perspective that's driving some of that strength as well?
Tom Lynch: I think it's more, it's definitely more strength in the market and any particular design win I mean were having success there, but thats the very fragmented business. So that's very customized its not a business were you introduced a platform and you'll get hundreds and millions of dollars of revenue from it, it tends to be kind of the one of customized business and its coming back as people are buying capital equipment again. So that's the big driver.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Got it, thank you.
Tom Lynch: Thank you very much. Thanks everyone for calling in. And well talk to you soon.
Terrence Curtin: Thank you. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen this conference will be made available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today until May 5 at midnight. You may access AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 148770. International participants dial 1-320-365-3844 again that access is 148770. And that conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  John Roselli - VP, IR Tom Lynch - CEO Terrence Curtin - EVP & CFO
Analysts:  Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Steven Fox - CLSA William Stein - Credit Suisse Amitabh Passi - UBS Jim Suva - Citi Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Brian White - Ticonderoga Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we'd like thank you for standing by and welcome to the Tyco Electronics reports fiscal first quarter results teleconference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, todays call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your Vice President of Investor Relations Mr. John Roselli. Please go ahead sir.
John Roselli: Thanks Steve. Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics first quarter results for fiscal year 2010 and our outlook for the second quarter. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin.  During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statements that weve included there. In addition we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to read through the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that addressed the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the investor relations portion of our website at tycoelectronics.com. Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks John and good morning everyone. And if we can start with slide 3. I'll briefly talk about the first quarter and what we're seeing in our markets right now. And then I'll turn it over to Terrence and he'll go through our Q1 results in more detail.  Our first quarter was a very good start to our fiscal year and it was actually our third quarter in a row of solid sales and profit improvement. Our sales and earnings significantly exceed our guidance in yet another quarter of strong free cash flow.  On the sales front, we grew 7% sequentially to $2.9 billion and our largest segment Electronic Components we grew 17%, it was 14% organic growth. On a very positive note, within the Electronics Component segment consumer and industrial markets grew at double digit rate sequentially resulting from a combination of improved end demand in most of these markets as well as continued inventory replenishment in the supply chain.  Our Networks and Specialty Products businesses did remain somewhat sluggish in the quarter and we expected this that they are showing some signs of stabilizing demand and our Undersea business declined 25% sequentially as we expected. The sales growth in the quarter coupled with our aggressive cost reduction efforts and footprint actions resulted in our gross margin improving to 29% and this improved our adjusted operating margin to 11.5%. This compares to 8.2% in the prior quarter and just as a point of reference in our fiscal year '08 when our sales rate was about $14 billion, our average gross margin then was 29%.  So, as you know, a big focus area for us over the last couple of years has been to improve the operating leverage in the company and Im really pleased with the operating leverage that we're seeing as a result of streamlining the footprint, improving productivity and cleaning up the portfolio. The net effect was this enabled our Electronics Components segment to return to double digit margins in the quarter after generating operating losses just two quarters ago and I will say our management teams in those business has navigated through tough time [kept] around the future and got us back in solid profitability pretty quickly.  As you know and as we've talked about over the last year, our primary focus coming out of this downturn was to achieve a 12% operating margin at $12 billion annual sales level without sacrificing our strategic opportunity. Our team has done an outstanding job executing on this objective in the last year and we're right on track to achieve the [12 to 12] goal. And then finally with respect to cash we generated $256 million of pre cash flow in the quarter which is really outstanding performance and Terrance will elaborate on later in the call. Typically Q1 is a low cash flow quarter for us. Because getting out of the gate like this, was another good kind of our strong execution.  Let me now talk a little bit about what we're seeing in the market. Our total company orders excluding Undersea grew 15% and our book-to-bill ratio was 1.09. This growth was led by our Electronic Components segment and its broad based across the consumer industrial markets we serve. We also experienced growth in our Specialty Products segment reflecting improvement in our aerospace and defense and touch businesses.  Orders in our Network segment were up 1% sequentially, showing a little sign of improvement late in the quarter. Our Networks businesses due continue to be impacted by lower capital spending by our customers. These businesses turned down later than our components businesses, and are recovering in the same cycle at least that's the way we see it right now.  Finally, in our Undersea business, project activity remained robust although we did not book any significant projects in the quarter. However, we did have a previously booked project move forward and we now expect full year sales in the $7 million to $8 million range up from our prior view of $600 to $700 million.  So based on everything we see today, we expect sales in Q2 to be flat to slightly higher than Q1. We do expect end demand to continue to improve in our components businesses, but this will be somewhat offset by the end of the inventory replenishment portion of this cycle. We are optimistic that the improvement we're seeing in our industrial infrastructure markets excluding Undersea is going to lead the stronger sales in these markets in the second half.  Let me shift gears here a little bit. As I mentioned earlier preserving our strategic opportunities and accelerating innovation in the company were very high priorities for us have been since we separated and remained high priorities even when we were going through the very difficult last year due to the economic problems around the globe, and so while obviously there was a tremendous amount of focus on taking cost out. I'm just as proud of our team, we are keeping our focus on the future and on the strategic opportunities we have. I just wanted to highlight a few, I'll start with automotive as you know our automotive business was hit the hardest in the downturn our team managed through that back to very solid profitability again, but even more importantly in the first quarter in Europe which is our largest automotive segment, we had our highest design win in total ever this quarter.  So, that team kept focused on the customer and I think the customers really appreciated having a strong supply of that not only had the financial ware withal to get through that difficult time but continued investing. Another very bright spot in our automotive business is in China where we've got the $300 million plus business, we expect to grow in excess of 15% to 20% this year, we do have market leaderships positioned across that market with both the multinational OEMs who were there as well as the local Chinese OEMs, so we still were very well positioned in that market in the short-term and for the long haul.  In our aerospace and defense business, we continued to win new designs of selling an airbus. Its really exciting here as we are designing solutions for these customers, that go well beyond our traditional connector and wire and cable competencies we worked with these customers early in the architecture and they see that we have value to add there our content as we mentioned in the investor meeting in December our content on this next generation aircraft will be as much as 5 to 7 times higher than the current platforms. So I guess like everybody else we are very anxious for those to start rolling out later this year. In another one of our important segments, data communications equipment, I would say it's probably fair to say that historically we have not been viewed as the technology leader in this segment.  This has been a very, very high focus area for us the last two or three years naturally given the proliferation of data and broadband and the infrastructure they have to go in place to enable that and we made a lot of progress with the introduction of our new high-speed (inaudible) product families in the last 12 months and have increased our design in win rates, with mostly server and storage equipment providers. You don't see it in our sales today but these wins definitely form the basis of what we expect to be higher than market growth in future years. I think it is another example of the team being able to focus on the long term, while also getting through the short time. And then lastly in our touch business, as we announced recently we acquired a company called Sensitive Object an early stage software company with touch enabling technologies, principally give for the consumer markets such as PCs, mobile devices and consumer electronics. And this team and the technology and the capability they bring are a really nice compliment to our existing $350 million touch systems business which is primarily focused on commercial and industrial markets.  But the acquisition of SO significantly strengthens our overall touch technology portfolio and as we all know this is a market that is growing tremendously almost explosively I would say. If we do think of this as an R&D investment we expect fresh revenue in the 2011, 2012 timeframe. Well these are just a few highlights of some significant progress, but again thanks to the team for managing us through difficult times and coming out in good shape on the other side.  So now let me turn it over to Terrence. 
Terrence Curtin:  Thanks, Tom and good morning everyone. Let me start by reviewing our sales performance by the segments and by market, then I'll review earnings and cash flow. If you turn to slide 4, this slide shows our overall revenue performance by segment both on a year-over-year and sequential basis. Total company sales were $2.9 billion and this was up 7% in the quarter versus the prior year sales of $2.7 billion. Sequentially, sales were also up 7% as a result of the strong growth in the electronic components segment of 17%, which was partially offset by declines in the other three segments. In our businesses serving the consumer markets, which is about half of our business and is mostly concentrated in our component segment. Sales increased 18% sequentially driven by improved demand and inventory restocking. The industrial and infrastructure markets continued the trend from last quarter and were essentially flat on a sequential basis. We did start to see signs of stabilization and signs of improvement in our order rates and the industrial and infrastructure markets excluding our undersea telecom segment. Now let me get into more detail and cover segment performance by the market. Unless otherwise indicated all changes that are mentioned are on an organic basis, so let's turn to slide 5. And before I start getting into the detail I want to remind everyone that beginning this quarter we reclassified sales to certain end markets and our components segment we recreated new industry groupings and we now allocate distributor sales to end markets where possible. We did file an 8-K on December 8 that provided quarterly information for fiscal years 2008 and 2009 and these new market groupings. So, now starting with the left side of slide 5, sales in our electronic components segment increased 12% versus the prior year to $1.9 billion. Strength in the consumer related markets were partially offset by declines in the industrial markets. Sequentially sales increased 14% with broad based increases across all end markets. So getting in the details in the markets, in the automotive market, our sales versus the prior year increased 30% and sequentially sales were up 17%. We estimate global automotive production group approximately 8% sequentially and this growth in production coupled with the continued restocking of the supply chain, drove double digit sales increases in all regions with particular strength in North America and in Asia. We do expect production to decline sequentially from quarter one into quarter two, but we expect our sales will be flat to slightly up due to further restocking and this is supported by our current backlog. In the DataComm market, which includes sales for the communications equipment server and storage markets, our sales decline 14% year-over-year, however sales were up 13% sequentially, and this increase was driven by increased spending on wireless and broadband infrastructure, as well as data storage equipment. Turning to the industrial equipment market, sales were down 8% versus the prior year, but up 13% sequentially. Restocking by distributors and improved end demand drove the sequential increase. Order rates continued to improve the trends that we already discussed in the industrial area and during the first quarter we expect revenues to be slightly up in quarter two. In the appliance market, sales were up 15% versus the prior year and up 11% sequentially with sales increases in all regions. However our sales in emerging markets were especially strong and as you know this is where we have a very strong position. In the computer market our sales declined 5% versus the prior year, however on a sequential basis sales we are up 5% in line with end unit shipment data. And finally in the consumer device markets which include sales to the mobile phone and consumer electronic markets, our sales were up 8% versus the prior year and up 2% sequentially driven by end market demand. We continue to strengthen our position in the mobile phone market with program wins in both our connector and antenna product offerings. Let me turn to our Network Solution segment now which is on the right side of the slide, sales declined 15% versus the prior year and 6% sequentially driven by continued capital spending reductions by our customers. Sales to the Energy market were down 13% versus the prior year and down 4% sequentially driven by lower spending as well as inventory reductions that are utility customers. In the Enterprise Networks market our sales declined 6% versus the prior year and 4% sequentially reflecting continued weak commercial construction markets. And our sales to the service provider market declined 25% versus the prior year and 8% sequentially, due to the trend that we have been talking about which is the slowdown in wireline capital investment and we solved that in all regions in the quarter especially in Europe. Overall in our Network Segment we have a strong position fewer strengthen in it but our sales are clearly being impacted by the capital spend levels of our customers. We expect that segment sales in quarter two will be essentially flat compared to quarter 1 and we do expect the sequential improvement in our sales to the telecom service providers but this will be offset by decline in our energy markets due to seasonality. Let's turn to slide six and Ill cover Specialty Products and Undersea Telecom. Sales in our Specialty Product segment declined 7% overall versus the prior year and sequentially sales declined 3%. For the second quarter, we expect segment sales to be similar to quarter one levels.  Sales to the aerospace, defense and marine market declined 16% versus the prior year and 5% sequentially, driven by continued weakness in the commercial aerospace market. Order rates have stabilized and in quarter two, we expect a low single-digit increase in revenue sequentially. In our Touch Systems business, sales were flat versus prior year, and were down 3% sequentially. Sales to the retail market have improved however gaming and industrial markets remain weak. In our circuit protection business, sales increased 14% versus the prior year and were up 3% sequentially as sales to consumer related end markets such as automotive, computer and mobile phones continue to improve. We do expect that next quarter; we will get our normal sequential seasonal decline in our circuit protection business.  And lastly in our medical products business, sales decreased 10% versus prior year and 3% sequentially as we continue to be effective by reduced spending by medical equipment customers. If you look at the right side of the chart, in our Undersea Telecommunication segment, as expected sales declined 24% versus prior year and 25% sequentially to approximately $200 million.  We ended the quarter with a backlog slightly below $800 million, and in quarter two, we expect revenues of approximately $225 million due to the construction progress on the West African system, and we do expect our operating margin to be in the mid teens. Based upon progress on this project, we now expect sales for the full year to be in the range of $700 million to $800 million. Let me now turn the discussion to earnings, which will start on slide seven. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $269 million which includes restructuring and other charges of $63 million. The restructuring costs include a $48 million of cost related to both equipment and headcount reduction actions that we previously initiated as well as the losses of $15 million related to the sale of the Dulmison product line that we completed in the first quarter. We continue to be on track on our footprint simplification and during the quarter we closed two sites in Europe and divested three sites with the Dulmison sale which brings our site count to 92 down from 97 just the year-end. We expect that our charges will be smaller next quarter at $20 million due to the timing of additional site closures. And for the full year we continue to expect that our restructuring charges will remain approximately $200 million.  Adjusted operating income was $332 million with an adjusted operating margin of 11.5% we were solidly profitable in all four segments and our component segment adjusted operating margin exceeded 10% for the first time since 2008. The pull through on the sequential sales and improvement in margin demonstrates the company's improved operating leverage and in quarter two we expect adjusted operating margins to approach our 12% financial goal that we laid out in the first quarter of '09 at slightly less than the $12 billion annual sales run-rate. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.47 up 57% from the fourth quarter reflecting the growth in our gross margin and operating income. So let's move to slide eight. Our gross margin the first quarter was 29% which was an increase of 200 basis points versus the prior year. The 29% was the targeted margin we laid out needed to achieve the 12% margin at a $12 billion sales level. The 200 basis points of improvement in the gross margin versus as prior year was driven by our cost fractions in 2009 and was partially offset by slightly unfavorable sales mix and the benefit of building inventory in last years first quarter. Comparing gross margin to last quarter, our gross margin increased up from 26% to the 29%. This sequential increase was driven by further cost benefits and production levels that were inline with sales as we complete our inventory reduction efforts last quarter. We did expect about a 200 basis point improvement from stopping our inventory reduction efforts in quarter four and we clearly saw that in our gross margin increase. Looking at the bottom half of the slide on operating expenses and this includes both our RD&E and SG&A. They were down $49 million on a year-on-year basis or about 9%. Excluding the effects of currency, we reduced the operating expenses by approximately $22 million to a combination of headcount reduction and spending controls. On a sequential basis operating expenses were up approximately 8% driven primarily by the increases in pension expense and performance compensation as well as increased investment in RD&E.  Now let me turn to slide nine and cover items on the P&L below the operating margin line. Net interest expense was $35 million in the quarter versus $36 million in the prior year. The benefit of lower debt levels was offset by lower levels of interest income. Other income which relates to our tax share agreement was $8 million compared to $1 million of expense in the prior year for quarter two I expect this will be approximately $11 million of income. The GAAP effective tax was 29% in the quarter and the tax rate on adjusted income was 28% which was inline with our guidance. In quarter two, we expect the tax rate on adjusted income will continue to be approximately 28%.  Now let me talk the cash flow which starts on slide 10. Our free cash flow in quarter one was $256 million compared to a use of $79 million in the prior year period and as Tom said, this was very good performance when you consider that quarter one is our lowest cash flow performance quarter. The increase we saw was due to higher income levels, lower capital expenditures as well as lower cash taxes, as well as keeping our working capital management in check.  On the cash tax, we do expect that our full year cash tax rate will be in the low to mid teens and this is lower than our typical 20% cash tax rate as in 2010 we will benefit from net operating losses that we generated last year in certain jurisdictions outside the United States.  As I mentioned free cash flow also benefited from our solid working capital performance. Our day sales outstanding of $63 million was down eight days versus the prior year and improved three days sequentially. Our inventory days on hand excluding contracts and progress were down 33 days year-over-year and improved one day sequentially to 58 days.  And remember that in quarter one last year was our high point, we did build inventory, but I feel we did an excellent job throughout 2009 bringing it down and we kept it in check here as the business has ramped up. As I have also mentioned at quarter four earnings call, we do expect inventory days will come back up in to the 60s as we go through the year.  From the capital spending side, we spent $76 million in quarter one, down from prior year levels of $115 million. With the full year, we expect our capital expenditures to be approximately 4% of our sales, was at the low end of our typical spending as weve improved our capital productivity.  On the restructuring side, from a cash perspective, we spent $67 million in the quarter and for the full year we continue to expect cash restructuring spending of approximately $300 million. And overall, we expect that our 2010 free cash flow including the cash restructuring spend and the benefit of a lower cash tax rate will still be in our free cash flow approximating net income.  Lets move to slide 11 which covers our debt and liquidity position. At the beginning of the quarter, we started with $1.5 billion of cash and we ended the quarter with $1.7 billion of cash. Use of the cash during the quarter included a return of capital to shareholders of $92 million which included dividends of $74 million and share repurchases of $18 million.  In regard to the dividend, as part of our upcoming annual meeting in March, we will be asking shareholders to improve fourth quarterly dividends of $0.16 per share starting with the third fiscal quarter of 2010 and ending in the second fiscal quarter of 2011. Our plan is to continue to review our dividend payout rate in connection with our annual meetings. As we stated during investor day, we will continue to hold excess capital for flexibility and to maintain our ability to fund strategic acquisitions.  During the first quarter we repurchased $18 million of our shares and with the strength of our cash flow and current cash levels, we plan to increase our share repurchases in the second quarter. Also from the proceeds or generation of cash, during the quarter we completed the sale of Dulmison product line which was part of our Network Solutions segment for $12 million. This business had annual sales of about $50 million with operating margins in the low single digits. And finally as Tom mentioned, regarding the acquisition related to our touch system business that closed last week, this will be a capital use in the second quarter of approximately $62 million. So, let me turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Terrence. Im going to talk about the second quarter outlook now. You can turn to slide 12. In Q2 we expect our sales to be in the range of $2.85 billion to $2.95 billion. Organically our sales are expected to be flat to slightly up versus Q1 again, we do feel good about end demand but the inventory replenishment, a piece thats driving our revenue is going to slow down in the back half for this quarter. We expect adjusted operating income to be in the $335 million to $370 million range compared to $332 million in Q1. The continued improvement and sequential profitability is primarily due to improved leverage from productivity gains in the Electronic Component segment and this should result in a gross margin in the 30% range up from 29% in Q1. And our adjusted EPS from continuing operations are expected to be $0.49 to $0.54 which is a range of sequential increase of 4% to 15%. So, in summary, really pleased with the start to the year, off to a good start, second quarter shaping up. Then most of our end markets are improving, although as we mentioned several times, we do expect the inventory replenishment portion of our demand to slow down this quarter towards the end of this quarter.  Our delivery is improving but it still has more to go there for sure and we are improving on that everyday. I think we feel best about what we've done with the operating leverage in the company which was just the top priority when we separated the company almost three years ago. Cash flow continues to be strong and in particular, the working capital management of the company has improved significantly over the last several years. And we're last but certainly not least, we're really excited about having the Sensitive Object team as part of the Tyco Electronics team. We are very, very bullish on our touch business. This team we're bringing in has tremendous talent and capabilities and we think to compromise those two is going to enable us to continue to grow that business significantly. So, with that let's open it up for questions. Operator? 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now begin the question-and-answer-session session of our conference. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: You guys have done a fairly exceptional job I think of getting back to this 12% margin target on sub $3 billion revenues based on the guide. I'm just curious as we move forward, I think the big question, it was on a struggle where there is, do you guys still have room to sustain these out priced margin expansions or going forward will margin expansion be more driven by sales though the (inaudible) leverage will return back to the sale mid 20% contribution margin rates. So could you maybe just talk about how the model works beyond the 12-12 target, and do you have any restructuring savings left to be realized on the cogs of (inaudible) for fiscal '10.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Amit for the comments, and yeah I think the way you summarized it is actually the way we see it. We have had obviously significant lift in the last couple of quarters, combination of the inventory of reductions being behind us, the restructuring kicking in and the resizing. Going forward its going to be a more normal margin flow through of 25% to 30%. The productivity improvement is certainly a very high priority in the company. There is a little bit of restructuring left to benefit the next year, year and a half and Terrence can comment on that in a minute, but I would think of it is, you know we're going to get back to normal margin flow through and as we said a month and a half ago, we were in New York investor day and we now see a 15% operating margin in target in the $14 to $15 billion sales range. So thats at a much lower level that we had laid out two or three years ago because of all the progress we've made on portfolio restructuring and just general cost saving.
Terrence Curtin: Yes from the restructuring prospective on that, when you look at it like we said, coming out of last year we had about $15 million as savings that still need to click in and that clicked in the first quarter. There are some other effects going out through the year but it's pretty negligible, it's not big. So, it does come per volume. So I think you're thinking about it right home. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: My second question was, yeah I think last quarter even at the analyst day you guys, we talked about auto production being up about 10% in fiscal '10 but there was some caution what China would do with the incentive programs on the auto side. Yeah, now that China actually extended the incentive programs, could you just talk about how are we thinking about auto production in 2010 and what does it mean for Tyco's auto business specifically?
Tom Lynch: I think from when we talked to you last time, the estimates by the industry are a little bit higher in the $62 million - $64 million range, thats where we moved from. So obviously we should benefit from that. Again we are watching it closely but clearly it was stronger in December than we thought. And I think the industry as a whole was stronger in January than the industry was projecting that would be. So right now the experts are calling $64 million for the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Matt Sheerin of Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Just ask another question regarding auto. Looks like you are seeing a little bit of more inventory refresh in the March quarter. Do you get any sense of what inventories look like at your customers there? Do you think they are going to end up being at normal levels when this refresh is done below normal or even better than that?
Tom Lynch:  Well, we pick up some data but I would say our view of it is that as this normalizes and production and our sales get more inline within production as the inventory get outs out in the whole supply chain. You're going to see at or slightly lower than where they ran in the past, just talking to most of our customers a year and year and half ago. They said, we probably had too much inventory. So, I think its going to end up a little lower but thats hard to call right now because when things get tight, everybody pushes hard to make sure they get more than enough inventory. I think everybody is going to get a little smarter I guess the way it ends. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: And I guess my point Tom is that we've seen this from a lot of other suppliers where business is very strong or even seeing because of overheated order environment and for Tyco, are you planning, or you bracing for any sort of volatility that might come either whether the June quarter or September quarter, will you see orders decline because there is an inventory adjustment or some supply chain adjustment the other way and how are you planning your business around that?
Tom Lynch: We are planning for orders to decline in automotive starting the end of this quarter and to be down in Q3 and Q4. Our estimate is that in the last couple of quarters, we've benefited from about $100 million, $75 to $100 million of replenishment of the pipeline over and above kind of which you'd normally expect. So it's definitely our revenues hotter than end demand right now and we're factoring that into our planning for second half.
Terrence Curtin: And Matt just to add to what Tom said, we talked about the 64 million vehicles. We do expect that quarter one production levels were about $16.5 million vehicles in quarter one. That also we're planning to come down to about 15.5 million vehicles on average through the rest of the year quarter two throughout quarter four. So that's how we are looking at the year. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay thats helpful and just on the Toyota news with the recall and it looks like they are halting production on certain models. Does that impact your business at all short-term?
Terrence Curtin: Short term would have a minimal impact that's all included in our guidance per the quarter. So it's not a big impact when you look at it.
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of Steven Fox of CLSA please go ahead.
Steven Fox - CLSA: Hi good morning. Tom you mentioned that you're having some confidence in the second half of the calendar year I think in your prepared remarks. Away from auto, are you seeing certain signs that are pointing to sustainable demand or improving demand in certain markets that you could highlight further beyond and say this quarter?
Tom Lynch: Yeah I think for the last couple of quarters sequentially we've seen first the recovery and then the pickup and the recall our industrial and infrastructure businesses within our Component segment. So that selling to the capital equipment makers, telecom infrastructure. Weve seen a pick up in appliances particularly in emerging markets; there has been a fair amount of stimulus in China for example on appliances.  Our networks business hasnt turned yet. As Terrence mentioned, thats still down sequentially little bit of that is seasonality but we are talking to customers, we are starting to see signs that we expect that to start going in the positive direction in the second half. The same with aerospace, our aerospace defense and marine business, you know again that was down about 5% sequentially. We think later second half that will start to pick up and hopefully the (inaudible) will begin to build and so the product will have to get laid in for that pipeline.  So, the way I think of that sort of the big picture, and with that not getting specific on guidance obviously because visibility is pretty limited but auto as I said on the prior question is going down we would expect, based on everything we see, not dramatically its still doing a lot better than we would have thought three or six months ago and the industrial infrastructure network specially product side of the business is going to come out of the troughs so to speak.
Steven Fox - CLSA: And then just Terrance on the cash flow side, would we expect in the next few quarters to see similar say free cash flow to net income ratios. Is there anything we should be thinking about plus or minus beyond what you guys just did in terms of free cash flow trends?
Terrence Curtin : No I think just where we are and with the guidance that we gave going from quarter one to quarter two, I think you are going to continue to see pretty solid cash flow. We may have some other restructuring cash, it could be lumpy but I think you're not going to big spikes upper, big spikes down.
Steven Fox - CLSA:  Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Lynch:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of William Stein of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Couple of quick questions, first I though as if you already gone through this; on the restructuring, I think in the past we have discussed a small amount of incremental savings from the footprint reduction flowing through in March. Can you tell me whether is that contemplated in guidance and is there anything further that we should expect within a sequential basis into June there will be on from structure.
Terrence Curtin: Well, it's Terrence. It's about an incremental $10 million from quarter one into quarter two and that is included in our guidance.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: And is that quarter-over-quarter savings?
Terrance Curtin: Thats from quarter one to quarter two, its sequential.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay and anything beyond that at this point?
Terrance Curtin: Negligible.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Negligible. Okay, then I was hoping you could for a second discuss the touch screen acquisition. Remind us where you are positioned now and what is the acquisition bringing in the future?
Tom Lynch: We have been in the touch business for several years and its genesis was really out of the Raychem company that was acquired 10 years ago on the material science that goes into enabling touch so very natural place for company to have gone and we like the business for the obvious reasons. Our focus, our success, we have pretty nice position in many market, the leadership position in the commercial and industrial so if you go into photo kiosks, retail, hospitals more often than not, its our touch screen, not always branded our touch screens says we are able to sometimes brand them for our customers. So thats been a good solid part of our business. The other thing about touch is, there is a number of different technologies depending on the application so the same technology that you would use on an iPhone, which is not a technology we have, we wouldn't use in an industrial saying because it's not robust enough. What this Sensitive Objects does is it brings Acoustic Pulse Recognition capability. It's a different type of touch enabling technology, it's relatively new. We've been developing in our business as well again for commercial application and so it's been developing it for consumer and mobile applications and between them we had a tremendous amount of increased our just sheer technical horsepower around the capability which is very promising about it is that its lower power, you don't really need a template. So if you think of a touch screen today, there is a screen over the actual monitor that you touch and with that also enables is that you can use any kind of stylus for this kind of touch, so you could use your finger, you could use the stylus, the old PDA kind of thing As we said in the opening comments, we're still a year to two years away from many significant product, so this is R&D investment for us, but we have a very nice position in the touch business. We wanted to strengthen it, and this is something we've been looking at for a while. We've worked with this group for a while, so we're very excited to have them as a part of the team now.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Great, and then just a follow-up on that. Can you talk to us a little bit about the acquisition pipeline as it stands today?
Tom Lynch: Yes. Sure, I mean the acquisition pipeline is, it's getting more robust. We've been working on it for 18 months. I think we've been, this is our first one. We've been thoughtful about it because we had to get through the divestiture pipeline first, and get in better fighting trims so to speak to be ready to do M&A, but we've been working a number of opportunities for a while. As you also know it takes a while and you have to be very active to get down to a couple so we have come a long way in the last year in that pipeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Amitabh Passi of UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Operating margins and network solutions quite a bit decreased sequentially quarter-over-quarter even though sales were only down marginally just wanting what might have contributed to that?
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, one thing I would be in pressure that if you go back to my revenue comments is that in our service provider market as the Telcos have really cut back capital and have cut back specifically in wire line that has really hurt our margin and the Network Solutions segment overall just from a mix prospective. So when you look at it that business was down 25% year-over-year as well as almost down 10% sequentially. So that is putting a burden on the gross margin and operating margin in that segment. We do think that we have hit sort of a bottom point in that business. We did see some uptick in orders late in the quarter. So really it all comes down to really a market mix is what we are dealing with right now.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay and then just related specifically within the communication service provider's sub-segment of Network Solutions. We have increasingly operators talking about decreasing investment in wireline and sort of focusing more in wireless. I am just curious strategically any intention of expanding your solution set within that sub-segment to sort of address may be the wireless service provider community.
Tom Lynch: Well I wouldnt get that specific but I would say generally if you think about where our primary focus on M&A and partnerships is exceptionally and specialty products and networks. So we really like the networks business between our Undersea Telecom although thats not in the network segment but if you think of all of our telecom business, our component side of it, our enterprise business and the service provider business. We are at top one, two or three player depending on the region and all those but we like to stay clearly with broadband now continuing to proliferate and outpace everybodys expectations in terms of all the data thats lying over the networks. We think in the long haul its an attractive space and its a space we'd like to get stronger and so it's an important one to us. I think in the short-term, this proportionate switch I would say were reemphasis or increased emphasis because of the smart phone impact on capacity into wireless which is great stuff for anybody thats in the networks business is slowing down our wireline business. There is going to be significant opportunity though as the structure continues to change to more fiber connecting the base station. So, we are still very attractive about the fiber piece of it. But overall we like the business and some of the things in our pipeline and definitely focus on that business.
Amitabh Passi - UBS:  Great and just one final question, Tom. I think you talked about your China automotive business, I guess approaching a $300 million annual run rate. I am just wondering should we expect any meaningful regional shifts this year within your Automotive Segment looks like Asia is about 25%, 26% and then related to that, I think in the past you have talked about a $58 to $60 roughly per vehicle content. I mean does that sort of materially change as we progress for the rest of the year?
Tom Lynch:  In terms of the region, the $300 million were last years revenue in China. I think we are going to be on closer to $400 million this year and so obviously that markets robust we have been there a long time and we provide a wider range of capability than we typically do in a mature market especially to the local OEM because they are earlier on the learning curve. So it's very attractive for us. I think we will continue to see Asia driven by China and India become a bigger part of our overall automotive business. I dont think you are going to see massive changes year-over-year but a gradual study that becomes a bigger part of our business as far as content goes we really havent seen anything significant yet when we think about content we think about increasing our content from model. So as I think about it really the content in every model whether its a low end two cylinder car or an 8 cylinder, 12 cylinder car in Europe the contents going up for all the reasons you know about the averaging impact of; hey there are more small cars this year than last, there is a little bit of that but its we have always estimated that as a $1, $2 and its definitely in that range of no significant shifts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva of Citi please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citi: Thank you and congratulations, gentlemen. I have two questions the first question is on the acquisition that you did it appears that this is kind of a pre revenue company or early stage company is that the type of M&A strategy you are pursuing or are you looking at more companies that are in production for your M&A pipeline and then my second question is earlier in your prepared comments you have made the comment that you were progressing on your restructuring according to plan and on track. When I look at your guidance for next quarter it's below a 12 billion run rate and your operating margins are above 12%. So it appears that you are not actually on track, it appears you're [faster] star rating because that would then also conclude that you are not getting any additional future benefits from restructuring so those are my two questions.
Tom Lynch: I would say on the M&A strategy it really depends on the opportunity or the gap we are trying to fill. So in we are going to do both, you typically expect the smaller ones like the one we did with a sense of object or if we do other smaller on the technology side it would really be to make sure we are building out our technology capability in a particular product line. You know theres a lot of technology changing fast and us being a significant player in every market you cant do it all yourself. So we really have built out and continue to build out a nice network of companies we look at universities we partner with to make sure we are on the leading edge at a minimum of understanding what's going on but preferably participating in some of them. So weve done small and this is a relatively big one of this type which is why we are talking about it. I would say generally speaking, if you talk about what we are going to spend on these kind of things the majority of what we are going to spend and invest will be on the company with that revenue. I would expect that. So if you look back a year or two from now and you say; hey we spent x I would expect a vast majority of that x is going to be on companies that are revenue generating companies from the get go. But this one is one, weve been dealing with this company for a while. We really like their team and their capability. And it's just a great hit with us so this is a free revenue. But I wouldnt put it in the startup category, they have been around for several years and have excellent partnerships and excellent technology. And then on the margin rate Ill make a comment and then turn it over to Terrence to elaborate on it. Lets say, if we hit this 12% as we expect to in Q2 at less than $12 billion revenue, I think the important thing is we are on track right now, we are tracking to right where we wanted to be in any particular quarter could it be 12.3 versus 11.7 at the $3 billion revenue range, it could be depending on the mix of distribution, the mix of end market what is going on with [CapEx] but we are really pleased with the fact that we have got the operating leverage to this point which gives us a high degree of confidence that for the next wave as volume is back to more normal levels we are going to have the next set function improvement. Terrence you want to talk of restructuring?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, Tom mentioned of Raychem, cost actions and what we went through last year we are getting cost based in check was one element, certainly it was improving our productivity and the operating leverage on just cooperation and what we saw during the quarter was with the volume improvement we had mainly in the component segment, we were able to convert very nicely on it, not just there was a cross actions but also improved operating leverage. So, its the cost action when we look at, what laid out last year, thats completely on track what I covered back on investor day from a footprint has on track and that hasnt change but really what we got is when the volume came through, we executed very well in converting that volume and have a very nice flow through. And so the benefits that are still to come are like I said small sequentially in quarter one to quarter two about $10 million but we are also getting efficiencies in our plant. As volume has ramped and thats really what you are seeing in the guidance and around that $2.9 billion to $3 billion level like Tom said we would expect to be around 12%. 
Jim Suva - Citi: Great, thank you and congratulations gentlemen. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Getting back to the automotive question, I just wanted to be clear that as we get into the bank half of your fiscal year automotive maybe a little bit of a headwind to growth, is that what you were trying to suggest with the statements?
Tom Lynch: You could look at it that way. It's because anytime you are in inventory replenishment cycles you're going to get the suppliers like us are going to sell, we are going to grow at a higher rate than actual end production and I mean if you go back to the last year production was down in '09, 22% we were down 31% and in some quarters, it was much more pronounced than that. This year in the first quarter production was up double digits, and we were up 10% more than that, so you see the catch up happening that, I think that's actually lasted a little longer than we expected.  We would have expected it to end a couple of months earlier, but it's still happening which I sense is a good sign of where our OEM customers think and demand in, but we have the short answer Shawn is yes, all things being equal the way we see them now. Automotive revenue for us would be a little lower in the second half and the first half. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, and then as we get into maybe what is within the electronic components business, a more normalized environment, what is the typical seasonality that we should now expect given some of the changes in mix on a typical say third and fourth quarter?
Tom Lynch: Typically, we havent been there for few years, what we've gone through Shawn but if you look at it typically, components typically has a normal [point] if you go back to '07 type period before that, typically where we get impacted is quarter one and quarter four are weaker quarters impacted by shutdown in the first quarter by OEMs around automotive around the holidays and also in the fourth quarter due primarily to our European automotive sides there that you get the European holiday. So typically both of those quarters are about 5% lower and a normal environment than our second and third quarters. So you really have that the middle quarters are your stronger quarters in component and then the first and forth were a little bit later.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay and then on Network Solutions maybe if you could just speak of within the three individual segments, what are you saying on a calendar year basis, in terms of capital budgets. Will there be growth if there is, it sounds like its going to be back half waited but maybe if you could just elaborate on what customers you are telling about their capital budgets for 2010?
Tom Lynch: What they are saying is they expected it to start showing up in the summer I would say, late spring or early summer which would be our second half, we are seeing some signs of that but this is also typically the weakest time for those businesses particularly service providers and energy because all that works are applied. And our strongest areas are the U.S. and Europe and increasing strength in Asia but most of the world were our businesses is pretty cold right now. So its a typical slow down. I think its a little hard to call right let's say you go back to 6 or 9 months ago and sort of tell us it was going to slow down that turned to be the way it was. Now they are telling us its going to start picking up so we are hopeful of that and we've seen just little signs of it but got to watch it closely.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: And by picking up I means is that low to maybe mid-single digit year-over-year growth or something like that not double digits. Its just may be a way to kind of gauge our expectations.
Tom Lynch: Well year-over-year what you are going to have is when you compare year-over-year certainly those businesses came down later in '09 versus, so their first quarters were typically strong. What I think to what Tom said, Shawn you will get a seasonal pickup in the summer months naturally coming into our third and fourth quarter in these businesses what I would say is do we get a sort of a multiplier effect that spending kicks back in from a compare perspective. So I think you will see year-on-year growth in those businesses in the summer months. That is just due to natural seasonality versus how they came down last year but the real question that I think when we look at the orders is, is there a sort of a spending catch up that happens in those late quarters. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian White of Ticonderoga. Please go ahead.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: I am wondering if you could talk a little bit about the pricing environment and how you are handling rising commodity costs.
Tom Lynch:  Pricing hasnt really changed too much. If we look at our overall pricing erosion it's still running south of 2%. I think that we are a little bit better at it than we have been in the past is where we have the opportunity to react to commodity costs, we're doing that. As you know this is a business of literally thousands of price quotes a week. But generally speaking, havent seen any major shift in pricing at all.  
Terrence Curtin:  And then Brian just to add to that, just to frame the commodity environment that we are in right now, with the fixing program we've done and last year we turned off the hedges so we didnt get a big windfall last year due to metals. Right now were probably experiencing may be a $5 million per quarter headwind in quarter one and quarter two due to metals and its really more on gold and copper and that probably increases up to a $10 million later half in the year if gold stays around the 1,100 (inaudible) a day and copper is around the 330.
Tom Lynch: Some of our risk management techniques are also protecting this. 
Brian White - Ticonderoga: And when we look at your seven different markets in the Electronic Components business, which one do you think will show the greatest strength in the March quarter sequentially and the greatest strength over the next year?
Tom Lynch: Do you mean just pure just growth numbers?
Brian White - Ticonderoga: Growth numbers yes.
Tom Lynch: Yeah not necessarily [Multiple Speakers] year over year.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: Just sequentially in the March quarter versus the December quarter and then if we also look out over the next 12 months.
Tom Lynch: Well I think the compares, I mean if you compare it to the low, auto has already got a couple of months of improvement under it. I would say industrial, because it started later but that's a lot smaller business than auto for us although we are a leading player there.
Terrence Curtin: As well as data comp.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: Data comp.
Tom Lynch: Yeah that really started to show momentum this quarter. 
Terrence Curtin: Yeah I mean think about it, with the trend that Tom talked about already [prime], one of the things that was nice about what we saw in our first quarter was the industrial markets, when we talk sequentially, all orders been up 15% in the first quarter sequentially. It was pretty much 15% in the consumer markets and the industrial markets that we serve and that covers EC, Specialty Products and Network. So we are starting to see some more momentum at this phase. I think it will be more along those industrial type infrastructure markets later in the year.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: And how about just activity customers coming our with new products? Where is the most activity in the different markets that you're serving in electronic components?
Terrence Curtin: I think the most activity is always in the consumer in the mobile space in terms of just because of the life cycle of the product. So they are shorter, but clearly there is a tremendous amount of development going on in the automotive space and hybrid vehicles where we have a really excellent product line in more and more entertainment in the cars and you know changing, looking at more efficient infrastructures in the cars, a lot of activity around weight reduction and size reduction of everything including our components and even though there might be a small part of the equation in a jet or a car still a lot of the demand for our customer. So the technology envelope continues to be pushed. I dont think we saw much slowdown in that during the downturn which I think plays to a company like our strength because we kept up the investment. We didnt back off at all.
Tom Lynch: Steve we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Terrence can you quantify the components of increased OpEx quarter-over-quarter particularly the pension expense and performance comps and should we expect an increase sequentially from here adding into fiscal second quarter.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, Wamsi let me, if you look sequentially and you strip out currency, we were up about $35 million from quarter four to quarter one, engineering was up about $5 million, the pension expense was about $5 million and the remainder was incentive compensation. Going sequentially out through the quarters, we do see and the things we touched on investor day, our engineering continuingly to increase as we do some of the investments we covered on investor day but I think the way to think about it is right now when we look at the year we're probably going to be around 13% SG&A rate this year and R&D will be around 5% of sales if we stay around our top line at where we're right now.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: And then on share repurchases, you bought back a little bit here in this quarter. How should we think about it through the course of the fiscal year?
Terrence Curtin:  We have 600 million outstanding on our authorization still, so we will continue to look at it. What are the strategic opportunities? We do see that increasing off the first quarter levels and will assess it as we see market conditions and as we see our cash generation. So, I think you can see it increasing as we go through the year.
Tom Lynch:  Okay, we'll wrap up then. Thank you for taking the time today to join us, I think we had a questions that we could not get to, I apologize. We want be respectful of everyones time. Yeah, our team will be around all day to answer any follow-up questions. So thank you and have a good day.
Terrence Curtin :  Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen todays conference call will be available from today at 10:30 Eastern Time until February 3 midnight of that day. You may access that conference by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 140511. If you happen to be dialing in from an international location, please dial the number 320-365-3844 and enter the access code 140511. Those dial-in numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701 and the international dial-in number is 320-365-3844 and the access code for both dial-in numbers is 140511. That does conclude the call. Thank you for your participation, have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  John Roselli - VP, IR Tom Lynch - CEO
- :
Analysts:  Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Amitabh Passi - UBS Jim Suva - Citi Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America William Stein - Credit Suisse Steven Fox - CLSA Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Brian White - Ticonderoga 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Tyco Electronics reports fiscal fourth quarter results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, John Roselli. Please go ahead.
John Roselli : Thanks Ruth. Good morning. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics, fourth quarter results for fiscal year 2009 and our outlook for the first quarter. With me today, is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to read through the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. Press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our web site at tycoelectronics.com.  Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks John and good morning everyone. Guess you could definitely say 2009 was a challenging year but I feel we really navigated through it very well and we finished strong in Q4 with sales, earnings and cash flow above guidance. Just like to take a second here to thank our 75,000 people across the world for really pulling together during these times and responding to the challenge. I'll briefly recap some highlights of the year and Q4 and then I'll cover the overall market environment before I turn it over to Terrence, we'll go through our Q4 results in more detail.  To recap Q4, sequentially sales increased 8% overall and 15% in our electronics component segment. As expected, consumer markets such as auto, computer, mobile phone and appliances showed solid increases and this offset the expected decline in our Undersea Telecom segment.  Total company orders were up 25% sequentially with strength across the majority of our end-markets excluding Undersea, bookings were up 12% sequentially and the book-to-bill ratio was 1.05. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $221 million, an increase of 74% sequentially and importantly our adjusted operating margins improved again 300 basis points to 8.2%. We also had another quarter of strong cash flow, generating 600 million this quarter; this included a $200 million inventory reduction for the third quarter in row.  As we entered in and went through the downturn we had four overriding objectives: resize the company to be able to deliver 12% operating margins of $12 billion of revenue. We felt this was the striking the right balance of preserving the tremendous opportunities we feel we have while making sure the company stayed solid. We wanted to accelerate the restructuring program we started two years ago, of course keep the balance sheet strong and stay focused on our strategic growth initiatives. I feel we made very good progress against all of these objectives. Our cost reduction actions in response to the downturn combined with strong execution of the strategic restructuring program we initiated, like before separation generated 300 million of annualized cost savings. And this adds us on track to deliver 12% operating margin at the $12 billion revenue level, what we refer to as 12 to12. With respect to restructuring, we ended the year with 97 manufacturing facilities, versus a 133 when we launched the program. And this is a little ahead of where we expected to be. We also made significant progress in focusing our portfolio around our core connectivity businesses by divesting the wireless systems and battery businesses during the year. And this substantially completes the plan we initiated two years ago.  We generated 1.2 billion in free cash flow during the year, driven by working capital turnover improvement and a substantial reduction in CapEx spending. Clearly, when the business falls of, you do get the positive impact of working capital liquidation, but more than that we improved our working capital turnover. And this free cash flow was a little more than three times adjusted net income in fiscal '09. Divestitures also contributed approximately 700 million in cash and addition to the free cash flow. So, this strong cash generation enable us to maintain our dividend, reduce our debt by 800 million and end the year with a cash position of about $1.5 billion. I think just as important, despite all the disruption caused by the economy, the team also stayed focused on our growth strategy, and made good progress strengthening our product offerings across most of our businesses, and over the last six months two year, we've had some very key new platform wins in automotive with our alternative power and activity systems, our high voltage energy, product line that we recently introduced, some key new wins on the new airliners, and the commercial airliners and aerospace and defense and across our communications businesses. Let me now shift to talk a little bit about what we are seeing in our end markets. Our Q4 was our second straight quarter of sequential revenue growth and as I mentioned earlier the bulk of this was in our consumer related markets due to rebuilding of inventory and some increase in demand, and we clearly showed the benefit of stimulus in the automotive industry in all regions of the world. As we enter our new fiscal year, we are in the first month of that actually second month. The visibility is still limited but we are feeling a bit more confident about the improving trends in our key markets. And let me talk about a few of those key markets. In Automotive global vehicle production grew for the second quarter in a row that's the September quarter to approximately 15 million vehicles. Total production in our full fiscal '09 was about 55 million vehicles. Our automotive sales were up 24% in the second half of the fiscal year, compared to our first half. Primarily, due to the stimulus programs and the restoration of more normal production and inventory levels and as you have recalled when the business went down it went down very hard and very fast and inventory was just taken right out of the system, though we are seeing the rebuild of those inventory levels. Encouragingly, our automotive orders in October have remained consistent with what we experienced in Q4. From an industry perspective the latest outlook is that production levels will increase to about 60 million units in our fiscal 2010 which is an increase of approximately 10% over the 2009 levels. And if you saw the October US sales results came out, those annualized results are about inline with a global 60 million unit production level. The increase from 55 to 60 will be, the majority of that increase will be in Asia and that we have a very strong position across all the Asian markets. And in general, with respect to the automotive business, we continue to be very bullish, because no matter where you go and I was in India two weeks ago electronic content is increasing. Whether it's a small car or a luxury car the electronics content is increasing around the world. In our other consumer businesses, which include PCs, handsets, consumer electronics and appliances, we are also seeing a pick up in demand for the second quarter in a row. Again, I think this is inventory being restored in the channel, but we are seeing some in-demand pickup especially in emerging markets.  In our infrastructure businesses, which are largely in our Network Solutions segment and this includes our energy enterprise and telecom networks business and demand remains sluggish as companies continue to hold back on their CapEx spending similar to what we've done people aren't spending capital unless they have to. We do think things have bottomed out there and but we don't expect to any pickup until the second half of our fiscal 2010, which would be in the April-May timeframe.  In our Undersea business project, activity remained pretty vibrant as telecom operators continue to add bandwidth and redundancy particularly in emerging markets. However, the size of the project as we expected is declining a bit and we do expect the business is going to be down from the billion dollar sales levels of the past two years. Still a very healthy business, but the past two years have been banner years and the business is going to come off that level a bit.  Finally in our two key markets, industrial equipment, we're seeing some signs of recovery that went down hard last quarter and the quarter before, lagged consumer a little bit. It is bottomed out and is picking up sequentially a bit. And in our aerospace and defense business, sales continue to be a little soft as air travels down and airline production private and commercial is down. But overall, although business is still down from the 2008 levels, we are seeing improvement and much more consistency in order patterns. Clearly, order levels in our Q1 and Q2 of our current new fiscal year is going to provide a much clearer indicator of where we are in the recovery. So those are going to be two critical points, but no question from our prospective. Things feel better than six months ago and even three months ago.  With that, I'll turn it over to Terrence and he'll take us through Q4 in more detail.
Terrence Curtin : Thanks, Tom and good morning everyone. I'll start with slide 4 in the slide presentation, and I'll start by reviewing our sales performance by segment in market, then I'll review our earnings cash flow and liquidity. On the slide, this shows our overall revenue performance by segment both year-over-year and sequentially. Total company sales of $2.7 billion were down 25% in the quarter versus the prior year. Sequentially sales were up 8% with three of our four segments showing growth. The effects of currency translation added 300 basis points to the sequential growth and our businesses that served the consumer markets which is about half of our corporation. Sales increased 17% sequentially. Industrial and infrastructure markets that Tom mentioned continue to show sluggishness, but they do appear to have stabilized, as sales were flat sequentially. Let's turn to slide 5, and I'll cover the segment performance by market, and unless I indicate otherwise, all discussions I'll talk about will be organic. If you look at the left hand side of the slide, sales in our Electronic Component segment declined 24% versus the prior year, with declines across all markets and regions. Sequentially however, we did see sales increase 12% driven by the strength in consumer related markets that Tom talked about. To go into the major markets in this segment, in the automotive market, our sales versus the prior year declined 15% however sequentially, sales were up 14%. We estimate global auto production was up approximately 8%, sequentially which this benefited from the global incentive programs. We also saw additional sales in this market from the continued restocking and the supply chain. Sales sequentially increased in all regions with particular strength in North America and in Asia. For quarter one, we expect mid to high single digit revenue growth sequentially, reflecting further increases in production as well as the positive effects of currency translations.  In the computer market, our sales declined 37% versus the prior year and on a sequential basis, sales were up 10% which was essentially in line with end unit shipment data. In the communications market, our sales declined 30% year-over-year more than 1% sequentially. In the communication equipment market, revenues were down 38% versus the prior year and 7% sequentially. In the mobile phone area, the communications market, we saw a decline of 16% versus the prior year with growth of 10% sequentially essentially in line with the global OEM production levels.  In the industrial equipment market, sales were down 41% versus the prior year, but up 19% sequentially. During the fourth quarter, order rates began to improve and we expect the slight sales improvement sequentially into the first quarter. And finally, in the distribution channel, our sales declined 29% versus the prior year but we're up 12% sequentially. The order rates have improved in the channel consistent with the trends in other markets and we expect mid single growth sequentially for quarter one.  Turning to our Network Solutions segment on the right side of the slide, sales declined 18% versus the prior year driven by continued capital spending reduction by our customers. Sequentially, sales were essentially flat. Now, while there has been a lot of news about stimulus programs in the markets that serve by our Networks segment, we have not seen any significant effect in our sales. We do expect segment sales for the first quarter to be down slightly compared to our fourth quarter.  In the energy market, our sales were down 15% versus the prior year driven by lower spending and inventory reductions at utility customers but we did see sales up 3% sequentially. We're expecting quarter one revenues to be similar to quarter four levels. Our sales for the service provider market declined 22% versus the prior year and 13% sequentially due to a slowdown in wire line capital investment in all region, especially in Europe. In quarter one, we expect the mid single digit decline sequentially in this market. And in our enterprise networks market, our sales declined 20% reflecting weak commercial construction markets. Revenues were up 6% sequentially as a result to program wins and we expect our quarter one sales to this market to be flat sequentially.  Turning to slide 6 to cover specialty products Undersea Telecom. Sales in our specialty products segment, which is shown on the left side, declined 22% overall versus the prior year. Sequentially, sales were up 4% and for the first quarter we expect segment sales to be similar to the quarter four levels. Sales for the aerospace, defense and marine market declined 23% versus the prior year driven by continued weakness in the commercial aerospace market that Tom talked about. Revenues decline 4% on a sequential basis and while commercial aerospace remains challenging, we have seen sales to the distribution channels at this market which is about 30% of our business stabilize during the fourth quarter. In our touch systems business, sales were down 25% versus the prior year due to capital spending declines in the retail market. However as expected, business strengthened sequentially with revenues up 11% driven by growth in the retail and industrial markets.  Turning to our medical products business. Sales decreased 16% versus the prior year as we continue to be affected by reduced spending by medical equipment customers. Revenues were down 2% sequentially.  And lastly, in our circuit protection area, sales declined 19% versus prior year or were up 24% sequentially. As sales to the consumer related end markets such as automotive and mobile phones continue to improve, consistent with the trends we're seeing in the consumer markets and the component segment. Now looking at the right side of the chart, in our Undersea Telecom segment, sales declined 11% versus the prior year and 16% sequentially to $268 million. We did book a project in the Middle East called [Gov. Ridge] for approximately $300 million in the quarter. We expect to begin work on this project in the second quarter and this project will continue into fiscal 2011. This project solidifies our expectation for full year sales in the $600 million to $700 million range. Bid activity has improved recently and if we're able to win additional projects over the next six months, it could provide upside to this range depending on the timing of the project. We ended the quarter with the backlog of $920 million which was an increase of about $100 million from the end of quarter three and for quarter one, we expect sales of approximately $200 million with margin in the mid teens. Now, let me discuss earnings which starts on slide 7. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $176 million which includes restructuring and other cost of $45 million. These cost included a $33 million of cost primarily related to both footprint and headcount reduction actions that we previously initiated. In addition, we signed an agreement to sell a small business in our Network Solutions segment and incurred a $12 million impairment charge in the quarter related to this divestiture. This business had annual sales of about $50 million with operating margins in the low to mid single digits. We expect this divestiture to close by the end of the calendar year.  Adjusted operating income was $221 million with an adjusted operating margin of 8.2%. This is the second consecutive quarter of solid improvement as our adjusted operating margins have grown from 3% in our second quarter to 5% in the third quarter for the current 8% level. We are solidly profitable in all four of our segments and the fall through on the sequential sales increase continues to show the benefit of our actions.  Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.30 a share, which is up 76% from the third quarter reflecting the growth in the operating income. In addition to the restructuring and the impairment charges I just mentioned, adjusting items also included a $0.04 gain on the early retirement at debt related to our debt tender completed at the beginning of the quarter. This is reflected in our P&L as a $22 million gain in other income and $3 million expense in interest expense.  The gain reflects both a discount from the tender price versus the par value of the bond and the unamortized gains on the debt retired. We also had a $0.09 of tax items which reflects the effect of various tax matters in the quarter including a tax settlement under our tax sharing agreement. I will provide further details on this later.  Let's move to slide 8. Looking at the top side of this slide, our gross margin declined 200 basis points versus the prior year from 28% to 26%. Volume declines related to the 25% year-on-year decline in our sales reduced our gross margin by 400 basis points. We also continued to reduce our inventory levels in the quarter. The impact of lower production levels to achieve the inventory reductions reduced gross margins by an additional 200 basis points. Our cost reduction actions were able to partially offset these negative effects of both volume and production and added 400 basis points to our gross margin. Comparing our gross margin to last quarter, it increased from 23% to 26%. Higher volumes in the Electronic Components segment were partially offset by the expected volume declines in lower margin sales mix and the Undersea Telecom segment. As a result the net volume effect was 100 basis points of improvement, while we did reduce inventories in the quarter, the negative effect on the P&L was positive versus last quarter by 100 basis points. And finally, cost reduction added a 100 basis point sequentially to our gross margin. Looking at the middle of the slide, operating expenses which include both RD&E and SG&A were down $82 million year-over-year or about 15%. Excluding the effects of currency translation, we reduced our operating expenses by approximately $70 million to a combination of headcount reductions and spending controls. Operating expenses were up 2% versus the third quarter driven primarily by the sequential increase in sales. As sales continue to increase there will be a modest increase in our operating expenses. And finally as Tom mentioned, our structural cost actions of $300 million to achieve 12% adjusted operating income on a $12 billion of sales on track. Now turn to slide 9 and let me discuss items on the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $36 million versus $39 million in the prior year. As I mentioned earlier included in interest expense was $3 million of expense related to the early retirement of debt, excluding this expense net interest expense would have been $33 million down $6 million versus the prior year as a result of lower debt levels. Other expense was $55 million which included two adjusting items. The first is an $86 million expense primarily related to the settlement of a pre-separation tax liability. And the second is the $22 million gain on the early retirement that I discussed earlier. When you exclude these items, adjusted other income was $9 million. And for quarter one I expect this will be approximately $11 million of income. The GAAP effective tax rate was 1% in the quarter and the tax rate on adjusted income was 28%, which was slightly higher than we guided. Going into next year, we expect the tax rate on adjusted income of approximately 28%, reflecting the continued progress in separation on leveraging our structure. The GAAP rate was impacted by various tax items including the settlement of a pre-separation tax liability. This settlement affected both the GAAP other income and the income tax expense lines. This settlement is not a full settlement of our pre-separation tax liabilities, a rather settlement on one matter. This settlement has not changed our view on the eventual size of our portion of the shared tax liabilities. As we previously communicated, as individual items get settled under the tax sharing agreement, it will create volatility both positive and negative on our income statement. Now let me turn to free cash flow, which starts on slide 10. Our free cash flow in quarter four was $608 million, up from $437 million in the prior year quarter. Lower income levels were more than offset by the reductions in working capital and capital spending.  Our day sales outstanding of 66 days were essentially flat both versus the prior and sequential. Our inventory days on hand, which excludes construction in progress, were down 13 days year-over-year and eight days sequentially to 59 days. As volumes begin to return, we do expect inventory days to move back into the 60s which is a substantial improvement over the 72 days where we ended 2008. We spent $58 million on capital on quarter four, which is down from prior year levels of $165 million.  For the full year, our capital expenditures were approximately 3% of sales as our capital spending focused on tooling for new programs. In fiscal 2010, we expect capital spending to return to the low-end of our historical spending level of 4% to 5% of sales. Cash restructuring in the quarter, was $60 million. And full year cash restructuring spending was $260 million. For fiscal 2010, we expect cash restructuring spending of approximately $300 million. For the full year fiscal 2009, our free cash flow was $1.2 billion inclusive of the restructuring spending I just mentioned. This compares to $1.3 billion in 2008, which included $76 million of restructuring spending. Our 2009 performance demonstrates the strong cash generation of our business model, and we are very pleased with how our team performed this year. As we look to the future we continue to expect that our free cash flow will approximate net income in a normal growth environment. Our adjusted cash tax rate should remain around 20% for the foreseeable future in the favorable difference versus the expected adjusted effective tax rate of 28% should offset the working capital increases as volume was returned. Let me now cover debt and liquidity which is on slide 11. We began the quarter with about $1.3 billion of cash and ended the quarter with $1.5 billion. Uses of cash during the quarter included debt reductions from the tender of $141 million, dividends of $73 million.  Voluntary pension contributions of $61 million and cash payments related to pre-separation litigation matters of $52 million. The Litigation payment was related to a P&L charge we took earlier in the year and the voluntary pension contribution we made of $61 million was an addition to our normal contributions of $84 million that made during 2009. The $61 million that we made was the level of contribution that made economic sense in light of the asset declines we saw in 2009 in some of our plans. For fiscal 2010, we expect our contribution will be at under normal level, which is below $100 million as our plans remain well funded. While the pension funded status declines will not significantly affect our pension contributions for 2010, it will impact our pension expense. We estimate that our pension expense will go up by about 50 million in 2010 and we'll be about $160 million for the full year. And at quarter end, our debt balance was $2.4 billion down from $3.2 billion last year. Our balance sheet is solid and in the short-term we will continue to maintain a higher level of cash to preserve flexibility.  And finally, we maintained our quarterly dividend to $0.16 per share and our shareholders have already approved payments for the first two quarters of fiscal 2010 at $0.16 per share. Now let me hand the call back over to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Terrence. We'll now go to slide 12, up just quickly sum up our outlook for our first quarter of fiscal '10 our sales will be in the range of 2.7 billion to 2.8 billion. Organically this is flat sales, compared to Q4 with continued strength in the Electronic Components segment which we expect to be up 3% to 5% sequentially being offset by 25% sequential decline in Undersea. We expect adjusted operating income to be in the 250 million to 280 million range, which is an increase of 13% to 27% sequentially. The continued improvement of sequential profitability is primarily due to the improved leverage on the volume increases in the Electronic Components segment again partially offset by the sales decline in Undersea. And this should result in gross margins in the 27% to 28% range which is up from 26% in Q4. Our adjusted earnings per share, from continuing operations are expected to be $0.35 to $0.39 sequential increase of 17% to 30%. So just wrapping it up, tough economic year, we feel a year of good operating performance and also a year where we strengthen the company's strategic position. Don't want to have to go through another '09 again, but I think again thank our team for really doing a great job pulling together and getting through it. So, with that let's open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And the first question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi, good morning Tom and Terrence. Congratulations on the quarter. First question I have just is regards to just kind of ongoing incremental benefit from both restructuring as well as the decline in inventory reductions. With the inventory reductions maybe add another 100 basis points to the operating margin sequentially, and then on the restructuring versus the end of fiscal '09 how much on a dollar basis is left in terms of benefits in 2010 given large amount of cash cost to come.
Tom Lynch: 
 L:
 :
Terrence Curtin:  Yeah I mean when you look at to Toms first part of the answer on the margin Shawn, when you go sequentially what we really had going on here, was about half of the benefits further inventory we assume production will be balanced with volume in quarter one so that's about half of the improvement in the operating margin. And then the other half is cost action, when we go sequentially from quarter four to quarter one there is about $15 million of saving that you can basically annualize to $60 million from an exit rate coming out of quarter four from a restructuring perspective.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay and then beyond the first quarter is there anything above that $60 million annualized that we shouldn't model?
Terrence Curtin: Add is what you should include in right now things that are happening anything new we start well could come later in the year and trail into '11.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay and then second just on follow-up, usage of cash flow, I know there has been some talk on prior calls about acquisition opportunity, may Tom you could speak to what you're seeing in the market place in terms of acquisition opportunity and kind of where you're trying to pinpoint some bolt on acquisitions?
Tom Lynch: Well, obviously the last couple of years we have been in the divestiture mode to get the company a lot more focused and tied around our connectivity business. We have developed a pretty robust acquisition pipeline, I would say. So we think in certain markets, particular areas like energy, aerospace and defense, medical, there is opportunity there. I'd say the markets are starting to come back to life a little bit there.  In terms of our cash, we need about $500 million to run the company. We'd like to keep a couple of hundred million [sure terms] profit this as well. If we need to reduce the debt further right now, we don't need to do that, but we're carrying about $800 million, I'd call it strategic flexibility which gives us the opportunity to look it up acquisitions as the right one through there and if not, we talk to the board every quarter about how much should we hold and how much should we return. So, our thinking hasn't really changed.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: I just wanted to just ask about what you're seeing in terms of the demand picture. Obviously the quarter was better than seasonal, your guidance on the electronic side looks better than seasonal. And I know its difficult for every one to figure out the difference between to demand and restocking, but do you have a sense that this whole restocking phase of the recovery cycle here is behind us or is there still a little bit of that left?
Terrence Curtin:  I think there is still a little bit of it left, but certainly that has been closed quite a bit in Q3 but especially in Q4. So, just based on our order rate and the [extabate] by our customers of us, I think that a lot of our customers are still feeling that their inventory levels are too low. I think as you go around the world, emerging markets, that were stimulus, but there is also real demand there and I think its just a little more uncertain, although it feels better in the US and Europe.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: And I know obviously visibility is still pretty tough, but would you expect given that the restocking phase is ending here and we don't really know what demand is going to look like that? You could return to more seasonal levels in the March quarter or is too early to tell what March is going to look like?
Terrence Curtin: I think it Matt, is still a little too early to tell. Like I said, we feel better than we did three and six months ago, but we also know the way where these things tend to go. Now that people are coming back, everybody is trying to protect little bit against the upside and we're making sure, we don't over react to that.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: And just lastly, just in terms of your capacity and ability to meet customer orders. I know you've been hearing across the supply chain of some lead time stretching, some distributors scrambling for parts. Are you seeing that in any of your business?
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, we are scrambling a little bit too. Its really more material related. Its hard as things went down in the component segment and a lot of companies, everybody pushed inventory out and it just takes a little bit longer to get that back. But the good news is, sequentially in Electronic Components, we're in 14%-15% sequential growth the last two quarters. So, we're coming up pretty fast, but clearly, in some cases not as fast as our customers want us to. But we don't have any fundamental capacity issues bricks and motor or people and the way reflecting on the people side is being careful using overtime things like that, slowly adding folks back into the mix until we feel a little more solid, but its more chasing material. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners:  But you're not concerned with any double ordering that possibly happens?
Terrence Curtin: We're watching it carefully. I would say we're really watching that carefully. It's hard to discern that at times, I suspect there is a little bit of that going on, but we reflected that in our Q1 outlook. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS:  My first question has to do with, if I look at your guidance it looks like you are now approaching sort of $11 billion on an annualized run rate for revenues and about 10% operating margins. And just to get to your 12 at 12 model, it still looks like the implied incremental operating margins are north of 30%. If I back up the restructuring benefits, I don't know $60, $70 million. Looks like you're still looking at incremental margins of sort of mid 20s. Is that the right way to think about your model on a more normalized basis once we return to normalized revenues and get a lot of the restructuring benefits behind?
Terrence Curtin:  I think you're looking at it right on Amitabh. The only thing I would say is we are getting some benefit of currency translation right now. That is creating, as Tom about; we do guidance for the quarter again about 500 basis points of growth Q4 to Q1. That's the only weird part of the calculation right now, because you don't really get real flow through on that. You just get translation. But the way you are thinking about the model is correct and like we talked about in the call, before the 12 at 12, where we're fully lined up for where we are exiting the year.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: And then my second question had to do with your Undersea Telecom. Let us assume that business at some point transferred it down to sort of $500 million annual run rate. Can you still do double digit operating margins in that segment?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. It would be on the top as we talked about before, when you look at that, it would probably be in the 10% to 11% with how we built the business and structured the business. So, from that view point, we can definitely be in double digits at the low end of that $500 million level.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: And then just my final question, when you talk of your 12-12 model, even if I adjust your peak revenues which are approaching or I guess you did about $14.4 billion and if I adjust for Undersea Telecom instead of assuming your segment north of $1 billion, let's assume its $500 million. It still implies that your revenues will be down about probably 14% - 15% from where you were at the peak levels, whereas if I look at some of your peers by 2011, they will sort of be back to their peak levels of 2007-2008. Would love to get your comments in terms of why you think there is still this large discrepancy between actually what's implied the consensus estimate, your target model versus your peers and if there's a chance that your 12-12 could prove conservative?
Tom Lynch:  I guess I can't comment on my peers. If you just look at automotive as an example though, in 2008 there were 72 million cars produced, 2010, 60 million and most of the folks who do the forecasting, they don't think you'd get back to $72 million until probably 2013. So, I don't think most people are viewing that absolute business levels are going to be back by 2011 to where they were in 2008. I haven't heard anybody say that. I think the most important thing though is we are positioned to manage well I think whatever the volume levels are. We do store excess capacity, but yet we still have plenty of capacity to grow past where we were in 2008 as you said in the [14/3]. And if you look at the margin leverage, we are close to 150, 200 basis points better then where we were as a result of the actions we've taken.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citi: On your outlook for the next quarter, is that pretty much based upon a annual automotive production unit of $60 million or is it still kind of on the increasing part occur for that?
Terrence Curtin:  If you look at quarter one, Jim, quarter one auto production in the $60 million Tom talked about is about $16 million units. So, if you look at it, there is probably about a million more units in Q1 than just $60 million divided by 4 which would be 15. So, there is still a little bit of production bump here in quarter one to [about up] 6% from quarter four. So, there is a little bump there, but it is $60 million, it's not too much.
Jim Suva - Citi: And to reach your 12-12 goal, do you think you can get there at $60 million or could you actually get there with a little bit less than global auto units at $60 million?
Terrence Curtin: We would need more than $60 million, Jim.
Jim Suva - Citi: And what would that level be for more than $60 million?
Terrence Curtin: It would be closer to $63, $64 million.
Jim Suva - Citi: Okay, great. And then just a quick
Terrence Curtin: (Inaudible) more growth.
Jim Suva - Citi: Quick clarification on the tax rate, I though I heard 28%, but then I thought I heard 20%. Which ones of those should we use for going forward?
Terrence Curtin: 20% Jim is the cash tax, right? And the 28% is the adjusted tax rate. As you know, when we separated, our tax rate was in the mid 30s and we continue to work on planning and I know the tax rate has been very volatile this year just due to our earnings that have been volatile this year, but 28% in the environment we see right not is what you should use for 2010. 
Jim Suva - Citi: And my last question, you've worked on inventory pretty aggressively in the past three or four quarters. Are you at a point now where we should start to see inventory increase or stabilize or what's your inventory outlook?
Terrence Curtin: You should expect to see inventory increase a little bit and our days are going to increase a little as well. So absolute dollars will go up because revenues are going up a little bit, but we need to put a little more into the channel and into our production here. 
Operator:  Next we'll go to the line Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: In the automotive space, can you talk about things you are doing from a competitive stand point through this downturn? Whether it's a design? If I think about automotive and the pressures it's been, there is companies are deemphasizing that market. So, just really looking for ways that you would be able to capitalize on that and particular may be potential resources you are putting towards that as that market ultimately will recover. 
Tom Lynch:  Well automotive is critical to us. As you know, we have a very strong position there and it's taken a long time to build up that position because of the demands of the customers and appropriately so. We protected engineering in that organization despite the significant downturn. At one point, our business was down 55% in revenue globally just three quarters ago and we are very, very focused as ever from an engineering sales and marketing point of view. We haven't changed our attitude and I think we actually from a strategic point of view, strengthen our position through the last year in terms of some key platform wins and definitely evolving our alternative power and connectivity system in all parts of the world. And so, I liked our position, we've always been strong there and I actually feel we are a little stronger than we were a year-ago. And from a cost structure point of view, that's where a lot of this heavy lifting on the restructuring had been which is to reduce our excess capacity. Our automotive team has a very good track record of productivity improvement, but we weren't taking the unnecessary fixed capacity offline (inaudible) and we've made a lot of progress on that in the last 18 months. So, I think, strengthen our position to grow, strengthen the portfolio of products and reduce our fixed cost structures. And the profitability, the automotive business has come back quickly. It's not the way it was two years ago and the business is lot higher, but the team got it back on track much faster than one might have expected with that kind of downturn.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: And if I could follow up, you mentioned orders ex-Undersea Telecom up 12%. Can you just give some color about linearity through the quarter and then in the current quarter on the order rate level and then also, just what you're seeing in the pricing environment as we make away to the trough of downturn here?
Tom Lynch: That means the pricing is actually pretty strict. Well, let me answer that. The pricing has not changed. I mean certainly, the consumer electronics markets are always been the most aggressive but our price erosion is still sub 2% and really has not moved and so that hasn't changed. Craig on your order question, really what we saw from an order prospective and our quarter four results show that, as we exited quarter three, orders were stabilizing as we talked on our last call. We saw a little bit of a step up in September and that order level has continued into October. So, October order trends are very consistent with September and slightly up from where we were in the July and August earlier in the quarter. So, from that viewpoint Tom talked about the consistency of orders and certainly that consistency has been in our component segment as well as the networks and specialty product segments.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America:  Can you perhaps talk a little more about the automotive business by region? Specifically, is the content for car beginning to recover somewhat and given that the last majority of growth that you're projecting in fiscal '10 is coming from Asia? How worried are you about a negative mix shift from a content for auto perspective?
Tom Lynch:  I guess a couple of things. I think if you, content per car, you really have to look at it at a granular level. From what I mean by that is, I don't think in any car, any category of vehicle, content is not going down. It's going up everywhere. Even the small cars are adding more features like analog breaks, in some parts of the world where that hasn't been prominent for electronic stability control, certainly entertainment, more airbag. We see that trend everywhere. Even in areas of the emerging markets.  And as I mentioned, I was just in India and talking with a couple of our big automotive customers there. They've actually been surprised a little bit with the resiliency of the mid sized cars and folks are still demanding more features and no question I think you're going to see probably a little bit of a higher growth rate in smaller cars because the emerging market is where the higher growth rates are.  But on a vehicle basis, look for content to continue to grow. Slight impact on the averaging of mix, so the average content per vehicle but not significant couple of dollars per vehicle may be in the grand scheme of things. That's kind of $100 million, $120 million revenue. So don't see anything really negative there. The real question is, what's the growth rate going to be in the US and Europe. I mean I think its back on track in Asia and the fundamentals are pretty straight forward there and as we are all wrestling with in the west, what is the real state of these economies. 
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: And on the raw material side, both with sort of gold and copper so pretty high elevated levels, can you update us on you current hedge levels for those rise?
Tom Lynch: Yeah Wamsi, as you know, as we went through this, we were overly hedged and we actually finished burning up all our positions here in the fourth quarter related to copper. So, you actually look at 2009, our net copper cost was around $2.70, $2.80 a pound and right now with where we are fixed through basically the first six months 2010, we are at a similar level. So, copper is really a non-factor right now, with where it's at in our fixed positions. When you look at gold, gold certainly has a little bit of a head win, not major. We are hedged out for the first six months around $900 to $1000 an ounce. So we had a little bit of benefit versus market for year-on-year to slight headwind, but not much. So, right now raw materials are included at the rates I just talked about when we look out and it's not a big positive or negative.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Specifically a guidance that anticipated a charge of 75 million on the quarter and you guys recognized 45 million from a restructuring charge standpoint. And your guidance is now calling for 60 million charge in fiscal 1Q which is actually up sequentially; can you talk about what's driving those dynamics please?
Terrence Curtin: Its just timing [only]. Some of these charges that we are taking or relate to actions that we have already have initiated as well as may be an action we wanted to do here in quarter four that will leak into quarter one. So it's just timing between the quarters.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of William Stein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Just a little bit more on the restructuring I think your comments earlier suggested that we get the last of the benefits in the December quarter and I think you said [million] sequentially or 60 million annualized. I had thought that these were going to extent out and continue to benefit the P&L above all the other benefits from higher revenue and better [growth in] cost from inventories, stabilizing but how we are going to get that into March. Is that changed now or is it, have the benefits, more the benefits been realized or more than coming into December from March.
Terrence Curtin: We benefited quicker than we expected from a cost action prospect, so we have been able to complete things from that view point we do get some things done quicker. Some of the closures we did in the automotive area Tom talked about we completed earlier than we expected from our prior guidance when we talked a few quarters ago.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: And then also can you update us on your efforts in distribution I think historically the company has been perhaps over franchised, I think you have been taking some actions in that regard, if you can talk about that will be helpful?
Terrence Curtin: As you know that's been a key focus for us over the past year plus to build more strategic relationships under strategic channel than we have in the past that's moving along nicely. We are still in the first phase of doing that, so I expect it will continue to happen over the next three to six months, but it's well underway and that we are feeling very excited about where this is probably is going to help us.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Wondering also if you can perhaps quantify a bit about what this scrambling for deliveries you discussed earlier would have been in the quarter in terms of, perhaps what revenue could have been if you could deliver to your customers demand then also whether that meaningfully affecting lead times and ASPs for the company overall?
Terrence Curtin: I would say if we were at our normal sort of delivery rate, we would have had 20 million to 30 million more of revenue in Q4. But, that's a big if because as you know when things go down that sort, and then come back, it just takes time to climb the pump. And we are working hard to do it because at the end of the day the most important thing is to keep the customers happy and so I think we are making progress, but we are still not caught up as much as we'd like to be.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: And on the lead times in ASPs, I would assume lead times are certainly extending themselves your bookings would suggest, trade bookings were up a lot more than what your guiding revenues to go up and so I assume that meets backlog extending lead times extending is that right and then also any is it supporting ASPs here is there any talk of raising prices in this environment?
Terrence Curtin: There is no kind of across the board talk we are always evaluating where our pricing is but pricing really more moves in conjunction when it does with commodity cost increases and as you know they are not that easy to get either, so no there is no sort of across the board pricing because of the supply demand and balance. In terms of the lead times I would say if you wanted to average it we probably a week to two weeks outside on average, and a lot of areas we are okay in some areas we are worse than that, but on an average we are probably a week 10 days I would say longer than normal.
Operator:  Okay thank you and next we will go to the line of Steven Fox with CLSA please go ahead.
Steven Fox - CLSA:  Thanks good morning just two quick questions one just trying to understand the plans for the footprint going forward and may be this is a better question for the analyst meeting but just getting a sense from where you stand versus potentially other restructurings down the road and or just naturally weaning some plans out. And then secondly it hasn't been much conversation around just sort of selling into corporate equipment the data comp market it sounds like you are fairly conservative on those markets at least to the spring, can you just talk about what you are seeing specifically may be in the box of servers versus may be outside the box with cables etcetera.
Tom Lynch:  Let me talk the data comp I think the market is starting to come back I would say historically in the box we haven't been that strong, we put up higher priority on that strategic as a strategic focus area about three years ago. And the product line that we started to introduce about six to nine months ago a range of high speed products.  I think a very, very competitive probably more so than we have ever been and in terms of strategic position I think we are getting better but we are still feeling the effect of not being a major player there I means its an important player, but not one of the top couple, and so we made progress but we are still not where we want to be there I think from the cable side that's the strong (inaudible) for us. On our enterprise business we have had a two or three really good years, I mean that business has been [off] a little bit but in the [server] areas its still pretty strong, so you know we connect in the enterprise we are in the network, so we have a pretty robust position there which I think has actually run stronger over the last couple of years.
Steven Fox - CLSA: And Tom how do you feel about the market right now in that area? If you can just go back over that a little bit more?
Tom Lynch: Enterprise right now is still, its flat its been down, its flattened out in the last couple of months that's one of those that I mentioned that I don't think we are going to see an upturn from the current levels for another quarter or so. And that the outside the box fees I think its coming back a little bit faster in the inside the box fees which would cause data comp or communications infrastructure, but we expect to see that the inside box for us to be up sequentially next quarter.
Terrence Curtin: And then Steve on your restructuring of footprint comment couple of things I mean you said it could very well, early in December when we have our investor day we will get into it more detail, where we are right now though is 97 facilities. We have that are in process that will pay for the bulk of 2010 to complete and that gets us in the low 90s I guess it has been in the high 80s or low 90s when we are done. Completing most of it here in '10, maybe a little trickle into '11, but like we already said this was a three year program. We have accelerated it, the increase that so from that view point will give you a more full update in early December but despite currently in process.
John Roselli:  We'll still take few more questions please.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Tom, you were talking about, I think auto production being partially up about 10% in 2010, and it's going to be fairly Asia centric. Could you maybe help us provide or maybe provide a frame book in what you think your auto business would do if production is up 10% next year and its Asia centric?
Tom Lynch:  Generally I would say, with good track to that maybe a little higher than that. We are strong in Asia. Europe our largest market share is in Europe, our second largest market share is in Asia and that share has been increasing over the last several years. So, again if you would take that five million units, it probably splits about three million in Asia; 1 million Europe, 1 million US. So, it's not all Asia, but clearly the larger proportion of the increase is Asia.
Terrence Curtin: I think the key thing to your question Amit is we average around $60 a content per vehicle, certainly we may, we get hit to Tom's point a couple of bucks due to mix, but then you have to take that against the 60 million vehicles if that comes true. So, I think that's the way to frame it properly as you are modeling.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. And then can you just talk about if there any possibility, you start the new fiscal year about revisiting the share buy back option and if you don't go about [that] could you talk about what the bigger priorities are for the cash you generate going forward?
Tom Lynch:  We still have about $600 million open on the share buyback authorization from the board that we carried over and of course we suspended that due to circumstances. We really want to get another month under our belt, two good solid quarters of sequential improvement and demand picking up in our big Electronic Component segment. Kind of the proof will be in putting under recovery in the balance of this quarter and early next quarter which we are optimistic about, but think its still too early to go back into the program.  And as I said its something we it's a very important topic with our board. Like you can tell from our first year, we don't sit on the cash, so we are not going to just sit on it, but I do think we are better positioned and we are more ready than we were a year ago and have been more focused on how do we strengthen the company strategically through inorganic moves. The first 18 months were very focused on the divestiture side the last six to nine months have been much more focused on the pipeline in the areas that I mentioned like energy and medical and aerospace besides its not exclusively those but certainly those are and our enterprise business those are important markets where we have nice good solid market position and we would like to strengthen our position. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it and then just finally I think you talked about 500 basis points of benefit on the revenue line from FX sequentially is there any impact on the EPS line?
Terrence Curtin:  Its very minor its because that how it falls through it would be less than a penny.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough thanks a lot guys and congratulations on the quarter.
Operator: The last question will come from Brian White with Ticonderoga.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: Just on the material side you are scrambling to get materials what specifically is difficult to procure?
Tom Lynch: Its across as you know we start with base materials that come through whether its metals, resins and anything. So anytime in those base metals the lead time in those could be up to a month so that's pretty much across the board Brian.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: Okay. Then when we think about the December quarter you have a great outlook in the auto market I think typically its somewhat seasonal your peers had a great September quarter just like you did, but then they are going to succumb to seasonality in the December quarter, why do you think you are out performing in the December quarter versus your peers?
Tom Lynch: I mean I can only, I won't say it relative to peers just; what we are seeing is the backlog is pretty robust in the automotive business right now. And we are (inaudible) into it so there is still we pushed a little bit last of the inventory rebuilt and auto is almost 30% of our business that went down three quarters ago it was fairly tough it went down so much harder than any other market almost twice as far, twice as big a fall as any of our other market so I think we are just seeing the return to a little more normal level albeit to a level where we were in 2008.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah and Brian I would just speak up along seasonality right now certainly we have over time a pretty straight forward season of pattern in our businesses and as we are coming out of this I would caution new in seasonality until we get sort of stabilization like Tom talked about as we looked to next couple of quarters.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: Okay and when we think about the China market within Asia do you feel like you are the number one player in the connector market within China.
Operator: Okay. And no further questions. Please go ahead.
John Roselli: Okay, well thanks everyone for joining us this morning. The IR team will be around all day for any follow-up questions you may have, and everyone have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today until November 11th, 2009 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 117013. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives:   John Roselli  Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Lynch  Chief Executive Officer & Director Terrence R. Curtin  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts :  Matt Sheerin  Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research Steven B. Fox  CLSA  Calyon Securities  Jim Suva  Citigroup William Stein  Credit Suisse Amitabh Passi  UBS 
Operator:  Welcome to the Tyco Electronics reports third quarter results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Vice President of Investor Relations John Roselli.
John Roselli:  Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics third quarter results for fiscal year 2009 and our outlook for the fourth quarter. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer Tom Lynch and our Chief Financial Officer Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statements that weve included there. In addition we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the investor relations portion of our website at www.TycoElectronics.com.  Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments. 
Thomas J. Lynch : Q3 was a good solid quarter for the company for several reasons. Sales increased 7% sequentially and exceeded our original guidance primarily due to increased demand for our products which served consumer markets especially in the automotive market. While sales are well below last years level it does appear that the inventory correction in the consumer markets is largely behind us. As a data point automotive year-over-year was down 36% for us but sequentially us up a little over 25%. Total company orders were up 14% sequentially and the book-to-build ratio was 1.4 excluding the undersea telecommunications business.  The aggressive cost actions that we initiated early this year coupled with our footprint reduction actions have improved our operating leverage and our strategic footprint restructuring actions continue to be on track and at the pace were at well be less than 100 facilities by the end of the year. As you know, improving margin flow through in the business has been a very, very critical objective for us and continues to be a critical objective and were making good progress.  If you take these productive and cost actions in conjunction with the sales increase this has enabled us to increase our adjusted operating income by $55 million or about 76% sequentially and this exceeded both our original and revised guidance. We also reduced inventory and additional $264 million in Q3 and to date weve reduced it about $1.5 billion. This was the primary driver behind our strong free cash flow in the quarter which exceeded $300 million for the second quarter in a row and we now expect free cash flow before restructuring to exceed $1 billion this fiscal year. This is a $200 million increase to our prior outlook. We strengthened our balance sheet in the quarter by reducing our debt levels by $336 million and in July we completed a tender offer which reduced our debt by an additional $152 million. As of today we have reduced our debt by approximately $725,000,000 this year. Our debt stands right around $2.4 billion today and to put it in a little perspective, if the business were to stay at this range wed ideally like the debt to be in the $2.0 to $2.2 billion range so were closing in on what we think is the appropriate level of debt for this level of business. As you all know, we completed the sale of our wireless system business for $665 million cash and all-in-all I think weve made excellent progress over the past two years focusing the portfolio around our core connectivity business. I really feel good about this portfolio and the growth opportunities we have and how were positioned.  This morning we also issued another press release announcing that our board of directors recommends for shareholder approval a dividend of $0.16 per share for each of our first two fiscal quarters of 2010 and this would be in December and March. Shareholder approval of dividend payments is required as a result of our reincorporation to Switzerland. We decided to retain our dividend at this level despite the reduction in business levels over the past nine months because of our strong cash position, the strength of the balance sheet and the progress we have made in reducing costs and improving productivity. Now, Im going to turn the call over to Terrence who is going to go through our Q3 performance in more detail.
Terrence R. Curtin : Ill start by reviewing our sales performance by segment and market and then Ill get in to earnings, cash flow and liquidity. If you could look at Slide Four of the slide presentation, this shows our overall revenue performance by segment both year-over-year and sequentially. Our total company sales of $2.5 billion were down 34% in the quarter versus the prior year of which the effect of currency translation was approximately 400 basis points of decline. Sales were up 7% sequentially with three out of our four segments showing sequential growth. In our businesses that serve the consumer markets which are about half of our sales, while we are still down year-over-year, we did see sales increase over 20% sequentially and as Tom mentioned it appears the inventory adjustments in the supply chain are largely behind us. In the industrial markets that we serve we continue to see weakness as sales were down 2% sequentially. These industrial markets are continuing to be affected by lower capital investment levels and we expect this trend to continue in the near term. Now, let me get in to segment performance by market, please turn to Slide Five. In our electronic components segment versus the prior year sales declined 42% overall and 37% organically and we saw broad based declines across all markets and regions on a year-on-year basis. In the consumer related end markets which are about 70% of this segments sales, we did see revenue growth 20% organically on a sequential basis.  Getting in to the specifics by the major markets we serve, in the automotive market, our sales versus the prior year did decline 36% organically however sequential sales were up 28% organically. We estimate global auto production increased 10% to 15% sequentially and we also benefited from supply chain restocking. Our sequential sales increase was driven entirely by our Asia and European regions. For quarter four in this market we expect sequential improvement in the top line again of mid to high single digit growth on what we estimate to be flat sequential global production and the growth will be driven by further restocking. In the computer market of the component segment our sales declined 42% organically year-on-year driven by end market declines as well as our continued selectivity on new programs particularly in the commoditized portion of this market. On a sequential basis sales were down slightly. In the communication market, our organic sales declined 28% year-over-year and were up 4% sequentially and as you know, we put both communication equipment and mobile phones in here. The year-over-year decline was driven by the communication equipment market where sales organically were down 34% and except for China the global market continues to be very soft. In the mobile phone portion of the communications market, our organic sales were down 16% versus prior year but were up 35% sequentially. As expected supply chain inventory stabilized and our revenue decline in the quarter was in line with global OEM production declines. In the industrial equipment markets our organic sales growth was down 51% versus the prior year and down 14% sequentially. As we discussed on the last call, we expected declines in this market due to the reduced capital spending on factory automation and infrastructure globally. We have seen order rates stabilize and we expect sales will be relatively flat in this market sequentially in the fourth quarter.  Finally, in the distribution channel our sales declined 39% organically versus the prior year due to continued inventory reductions by distributors. Orders did big to show some signs of improvement late in the quarter and we expect Q4 sales to be similar to Q3 levels.  Looking at the right side of the Slide to our network solutions segment, versus the prior year sales declined 26% overall and 17% organically driven by capital spending reductions. Sequentially sales were up 6% overall and 2% organically. We do expect segment sales in the fourth quarter to be flat with quarter three. In the markets, sales to the energy market were down 15% organically versus the prior year. Utility customers, particularly in Europe continue to defer spending on upgrades and maintenance. Sales were flat sequentially compared to the second quarter and we did not see the usual seasonal pick up that begins in our third quarter and continues in to the fourth quarter. We expect this trend to continue and we expect quarter four revenues to be flat sequentially. Our sales to the service provider market declined 12% organically driven by lower spending on upgrades and maintenance of existing networks in the US and Europe and a slowdown of fiber investment in the US. In quarter four we do expect a sequential decline driven by lower fiber network investments in Europe. Lastly, in the enterprise networks market, our sales declined 27% organically reflecting weak US and Europe commercial construction markets and reduced IT spending. We do expect a modest sequential increase in the fourth quarter as a result of some of our program wins weve had both in Europe and the US. Lets turn to Slide Six to cover the specialty products and undersea telecom segments. Sales in the specialty products segment declined 27% overall and 24% organically versus the prior year. Sequentially sales were down 2% overall and down 3% organically. For the fourth quarter we expect the segment sales to be similar to quarter three. Sales in the aerospace, defense and marine market declined 20% organically versus the prior year driven by both distributor inventory reductions and weaker demand in the commercial aerospace market due to aircraft cancellations and push outs. In this market we declined 6% sequentially and while weve seen order stabilize in the distributor channel of this market, we are seeing signs of weakness in the end markets. We expect quarter four to show further declines versus the third quarter. In our touch systems business, sales were down 33% organically versus the prior year due to continued weak capital spending by retailers. Orders have strengthened in this business and we expect a double digit increase sequentially.  In the medical products area, sales decreased 13% organically versus the prior year and we continue to be affected by capital spending cuts among healthcare providers. We expect this market to be down slightly on a sequential basis in the fourth quarter. Finally, in our circuit protection area, organic sales declined 34% versus the prior year but were up 33% sequentially as sales to the consumer related end market such as automotive and mobile phones showed improvement. Similar to the consumer markets that we serve in our electronic components market, we expect that well continue to see growth in our circuit protection business in Q4 sequentially. Looking at the right side of the chart, in our undersea telecommunications segment, organic sales increased 15% versus the prior year and 3% sequentially drive by our continued strong execution on projects in the Middle East, Africa and Southeast Asia. In addition, as included in our revised guidance, we also benefitted in the quarter in both revenue and earnings by approximately $20 million due to the receipt of cash from a customer that we previously were concerned may not be collectable. This caused our operating margin during the quarter to be about 23% in the segment which is higher than normal. We ended the quarter with a backlog of $811 million in this business which was a decrease of $275 million from the end of last quarter. Bid activity on new projects remained solid but the funding for these projects remained uncertain. For quarter four we expect our sales to decline sequentially to about $280 million and we expect our margins to be in the mid to high teens.  Now, let me go from sales and turn to the income statement which starts on Slide Seven. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $64 million which includes restructuring and other costs of $63 million. These restructuring costs relate to both footprint and headcount reduction actions that we previously initiated and no new plant closures which started in the third quarter. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was $127 million with an adjusted operated margin of 5.1% which is solid improvement from Q2 levels of 3.1%. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.17 which is up 21% in the second quarter. While operating income was up 76% sequentially, adjusted EPS was only up 21% due to income tax expense in the third quarter versus tax income last quarter.  Moving on to Slide Eight, beginning in this quarter we have reclassified research and development and engineering expenses out of cost of sales and are showing it as a separate line below gross margin to provide more clarity and we have restated all periods presented for this reclassification change. If you look at the top of the Slide, versus the prior year, gross margins declined 600 basis points from 29% to 23%. Volume declines due to the 34% decline in our sales reduced gross margins by 900 basis points. We also continued to reduce our inventory levels in the quarter which reduced production by approximately 40% compared to the prior year. The impacts of lower production levels reduced gross margin by 300 basis points. Our cost reductions partially offset the negative effects of the volume and the production cuts. The savings from our implemented actions helped gross margins by 600 basis points. Looking at our gross margin compared to the prior quarter in the upper right hand quarter, margins benefited from 200 basis points associated with volume increases as well as 100 basis points of additional cost savings.  Inventory reductions lowered gross margins by 300 basis points and offset the cost and volume benefits. Operating expenses which are shown in the middle of the Slide and include both RD&E and SG&A were down $101 million year-on-year. Excluding the effects of currency translation, we reduced operating expenses by approximately $70 million through a combination of headcount reductions and spending controls. As expected operating expenses were flat versus the second quarter and we expect that they will be at a similar level in quarter four. Finally, we continue to be on track for our overall target of removing approximately $300 million of annualized structural cost of our businesses and this consists of $200 million in the manufacturing area and $100 million of operating expenses and we expect to exit the fiscal year at the full savings run rate. As I discussed on the last call, these actions position our company for solid to upper single digit adjusted operating margins at current sales levels. With respect to our manufacturing footprint, six closures are in process and theyre on track with what we communicated last quarter and we expect we will have less than 100 manufacturing sites by the end of this year. As you may remember, this is down from the 133 facilities when we started the program back in 2007.  Moving to Slide Nine, let me discuss the items on the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $38 million and this was flat versus the prior year. We do expect that this will come down to $34 million in the fourth quarter as a result of lower debt levels. As I discussed last quarter and as I provided in the guidance, the amount and mix of our income by countries where have operations has changed considerably since we ended the fiscal year and this has resulted in a lower than expected tax expense in the third quarter and has created volatility in our tax rate. This is evidenced by the 16% adjusted income tax rate we have in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter as earnings increase the rate should not be as volatile but will be lower than normal. We expect an adjusted tax rate in the fourth quarter of approximately 25%. Finally, other income which relates to our tax sharing agreement was $5 million in the quarter up from $1 million in the prior year. For quarter four I expect this will be approximately $11 million of income. Now, let me turn to free cash flow on Slide 10. As Tom stated, our free cash flow was $327 million in the quarter up from $262 million in the prior year quarter. Lower income levels were more than offset by reduced inventories and capital spending. We continued to make progress in managing our working capital. Our days sales outstanding declined three days year-over-year and two days sequentially as we continued to see improvement in our receivables aging from our credit and collection efforts. Our inventory days on hand excluding construction and progress were down six days year-over-year and down 17 days sequentially to 67 days. On capital spending, we spent $61 million in the third quarter of 63% reduction from prior year levels. On a year-to-date basis our capital expenditures are down 39% which is in line with the revenue declines. For the full year, we do expect capital spending of about $350 million. Cash restructuring in the quarter was $80 million and we continue to expect full year cash restructuring in the range of $300 million. Finally, based upon our strong traction over the past six months, as Tom indicated we are increasing our 2009 fee cash flow before restructuring outlook to $1 billion from our prior outlook of $800 million. Now, lets move to Slide 11 to discuss liquidity and debt. Starting with cash we began the quarter with $700 million of cash and ended the quarter with $1.26 billion. During the quarter in addition to free cash flow we received the proceeds from the wireless business sale of $665 million which includes the working capital adjustment under the contract. From a use of cash perspective, we paid off the balance of the credit facility which was approximately $340 million, paid dividends of $74 million and made cash payments related to pre-separation litigation of $15 million. The litigation payment as you may recall was related to the P&L charge of $135 million we took last quarter. We still have $85 million of cash payments related to these charges that we expect to payout through 2010.  Turning to debt, at quarter end our debt balance was $2.6 billion, down from $3.2 billion last year. As I stated earlier, we no longer have anything outstanding on our credit facility and in the fourth quarter our debt will go down by an additional $152 million due to the recently completed debt tender. After the tender we will have about $2.4 billion of debt outstanding. We feel very good about our liquidity position and we will continue to retain additional cash in these uncertain times for flexibility and to make sure we can support all of our strategic options.  Now, let me turn the call back over to Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch : Let me now turn to the fourth quarter, if you can flip to Slide 12. In Q4 we expect our sales to be in the range of $2.53 to $2.63 billion and this is up slightly versus Q3. We expect continued improvement in consumer markets and flat sales in industrial markets and this will be partially offset by an approximate 10% decline in our undersea telecommunication segment. As you know, we have been talking about that business slowing down for fiscal 08 and fiscal 09. Its been over $1 billion, we are starting to see a little bit of a slowdown there now as expected. We do expect our adjusted operating income to be in the $160 million to $200 million range. The significant improvement in sequential profitability is primarily due to continued benefits from our cost savings actions, our ongoing productivity improvement program and the less negative impact on margins from production cuts to balance inventory. Our adjusted operating income margin will be in the 6.3% to 7.5% range in the quarter and thats up from about 5% in Q3 and about 3% in Q2 so were making good progress there. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations will be in the $0.22 to $0.29 range which is up from 17% in the third quarter. As with prior years, well provide further insight in to 2010 on our next earnings call.  If you move to Slide 13 now Ill just wrap up before we open it up for questions. Really importantly weve resized the business to improve our operating leverage and have positioned the company to deliver solid mid to high digit adjusted operating margin at the $10 billion sales level and at 12% adjusted operating margin at the $12 billion sales level. This is what weve been talking about the last couple of quarters as weve gone through the resizing. This is what we thought is the right balance to strike to maintain a good solid performance even in these difficult times, generate significant cash flow but increase our opportunities for growth in the future. I feel like were doing that pretty well. We continue to execute our strategic restructuring and of course maintaining our ability to grow. This restructuring coupled with our increased focus on core productivity is really going to serve us well as growth comes back. As Terrence mentioned the cash flow and balance sheet remains strong and this really enables us to preserve our key strategic options which are increasing our investment in organic growth, we feel there are more opportunities today than there were a year ago: bolt on acquisitions which can leverage our business platform, maintaining our investment grade rating; and of course returning capital that we dont use for strategic purposes to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. With that, well close off this part of the call and open up for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matt Sheerin  Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC.
Matt Sheerin  Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC: I guess my question Tom has to do with the margin, the incremental margin contribution, going forward obviously youre seeing a big step function up in the September quarter on the inventory reduction and the cost kicking in but as you go forward once the restocking period is over, what should we think about the incremental margin contribution or variable margin going forward on incremental dollar growth? And, youve stated in the past that your goal is to get to 12% operating margin at a $12 billion run rate, is that still on track or is that $12 billion even lower now given that youve seen a big jump up here?
Thomas J. Lynch : No, its still on track. I think wed be getting ahead of ourselves to say that were getting ahead of that rate. I mean, we continue to work the opportunities to improve the margin and the margin improvement this year has been largely from resizing in response to the downturn and the benefits of the restructuring thats been ongoing for a couple of years. We still have more restructuring to do so we have a little bit of lift there. I think the biggest margin improvement well get going forward is well have better flow through on the volumes. Thats been the highest priority Id in the company over the last couple of years.  We got sidetracked by the decline in the economy but fundamentally to improve the operating leverage so that ties in to that $12 and our ultimate, well not ultimate in a sense, but we have not taken our eye of the goal of 15% margin but were tracking now to 12%. Id say the other way to think about that is last year when were at the $14 to $15 billion sales range, the actions we have now taken over the last 18 months or so position us to have our margins a couple of hundred basis points higher than they would have been at that range. So, were making good progress.
Matt Sheerin  Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC: As you do see volumes increase what should we be looking at in terms of additional headcount? As of today, what is your manufacturing capacity and headcount capacity able to produce in terms of revenue?
Thomas J. Lynch : Well, capacity has several elements to it. I would say we have plenty capacity in terms of bricks and mortar. The variable capacity in our business is tooling and people. So, we believe that we could support 5% to 6% organic growth without much growth in our manufacturing work force. Thats really the marching orders we have through the company that we ought to be able to get that kind of productivity. Now, as we grow were going to have definitely some costs feed back in, weve been in short term work in parts of the world, things like that and the business is picking up so thats starting to change a bit. But, I dont feel we have any capacity limiters and I do feel we should get this acceleration in margin as the volume picks up because of that operating leverage I talked about.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: I had a question, if I look at the auto business for the June and September quarter you guys are obviously benefitting from some supply chain restocking helping you guys out but as you sense that post September most of this restocking benefit will be behind us and from there on auto sales for Tyco should reflect end demand, is there any concern that much of the strength you see in the first half in June and September is really due to the scrapage laws in Europe that are probably pulling in demand from the back half to the first half?
Thomas J. Lynch : I think your first point Amit is a very fair point, thats what we feel is by September were going to be pretty much through the inventory balancing in the supply chain. We do see, to your point, some lift around the world, I think its for different reasons, theres a little bit of benefit from stimulus. Its hard to get exact figures around that but I think thats definitely  were not concerned about it, were happy about it but I think in terms of how we manage the business were not anticipating the kind of sequential increases we saw in Q2 to Q3.  I think we anticipate kind of a more normal growth coming back and as we talked to all of our customers, in fact, there was just a note today that Denso, who is a big supplier to the OEMs is now going back to full work week so I think theres a lot of signs out there but not enough to feel like demand is really getting back at a fully robust rate but its better than it was for sure. 
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Then another question on your dividend policy, theres been some discussion there and I realize today that since youre committing to two more quarters of dividend payouts but as yearend demand continues to hold the way it is, is there a desire or commitment to maintain the current dividend deal? And, is there any talks about possibly restarting the buyback program we have?
Terrence R. Curtin : When we look at it Amit one thing is when we look at it, when you use the word dividend yield, we look at it from cash generation and where is our balance sheet and our cash generation. So, when we look at it that is our earnings and our cash generation to it. So, from a yield perspective, while thats something we look at that is not the way we set it. I want to make sure on the dividend side 
Thomas J. Lynch : Its more of a payout ratio is the way we think about it, to Terrences point.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Maybe I just missed it but Im trying to get a sense on the 61st and annual dividend payout we have, if demand remains the way it is, is there a commitment to maintain that beyond the two quarters were talking about? 
Thomas J. Lynch : Yes, the intention is to maintain it at $0.16 per quarter. One of the little complexities of Switzerland is opposed to a Bermuda company or most companies where the board approves dividends rather, shareholders approve is so it makes the process more encumbersome, thats why were doing two quarters but were also not doing a full year and our next annual meeting will be in the February/March timeframe next year. Our intention would be to get back on sort of annual cycle but yes, our intention is to keep the dividend. If business got worse or didnt get any better or if we were going to be in a low period, of course wed revaluate it but thats now how we feel right now and thats why weve continued it through this year.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Then just a question, are we possibly looking to restart the buyback program?
Thomas J. Lynch : I would say eventually, probably subject to the board approval but not in the short term. I think we want to maintain our flexibility in the short term. I mentioned earlier when I talked about the debt level, we made great progress bringing it down. If the business doesnt improve we have a little bit to go on the debt so we need to keep that flexibility. We also want to keep flexibility for the bolt on acquisitions that fit in to the strategic sweet spots that we would like to fill out. But, having said that, I think you know from our track record that were not going to let cash build up and were certainly not going to let it burn a hole in our pockets. So, as cash build ups if we dont have better options we would certainly reinstitute the buyback program that we have in a sense on the shelf now. We have $600 million left on the program that was approved by the board last year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Two questions on just incremental savings rolling on, should we expect the entire inventory drag, the 300 bips or about $75 million to essentially roll off as we move in here to the September quarter, is that what the guidance implies?
Terrence R. Curtin : If you look at there will be a little bit carrying in but the vast majority is like we said weve made better progress these past two quarters and we will get some pickup in quarter four but it will be essentially behind us.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: So it could be a $60 million plus?
Terrence R. Curtin : Yes.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Second, on the restructuring savings, I know that you had previously talked about $150 million of savings incremental in 2010. Is that the number we should be using to model or is that something a little bit lower now?
Terrence R. Curtin : We look at that from a footprint perspective, from a run rate off of quarter four there is just taking quarter four the run rate, there is from some of the factory items that were wrapping up there is about $60 million incremental off of the quarter four run rate.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: So $60 million annual off the quarter four run rate?
Terrence R. Curtin : Yes.
Thomas J. Lynch : [Inaudible] Shawn was really the full benefit on an annualized basis of the original program.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Then how much incremental are we seeing fourth quarter from third quarter?
Terrence R. Curtin : Its about 100 basis points and its mainly in the gross margin as I stated. Operating expenses weve been able to get that down but on the cost side Q3 to Q4 its about 100 basis points. 
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Then I know last call we talked somewhat about copper not really being a benefit to you anymore. With copper at $2.60 probably having worked through most of your raw material inventory now, should we not expect any incremental benefit from lower raw material prices in the back half of the calendar year?
Thomas J. Lynch : As you indicated we did fix positions late in 08 that we worked off and theyll be worked off through basically the end of this fiscal year. We are averaging if you take the year between those fixed positions and where we do do some market purchases, were at a $2.60 to $2.70 level so right now the benefit rolling over will be fairly minimal and we are starting to look at fixing in positions in to 2010.
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: Then one last question given the commentary on copper, what are you seeing in the broader interconnect pricing environment? And maybe if you can talk about pricing in some of the other businesses as well?
Thomas J. Lynch : In the core interconnect business lots of desire for price reductions from customers, not anything that is really new but no real change in price erosion. I think whats balancing that is theres been a lot of stress on a number of the suppliers to the OEMs in various industries during the last nine months so a lot of effort is around making sure I have suppliers that can get me through this period of time. Certainly, Id say thats one of our strong - as well as keep investing in development. So, we havent experienced any really change in price erosion.
Terrence R. Curtin : I mean Shawn its still about 1.5% just to give you a number and that really has not moved. It sort of varies by market but it really has been very consistently now basically this year and last year. So, it really has not moved to Toms point. 
Shawn Harrison  Longbow Research: That was 1.5% annual?
Terrence R. Curtin : Correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven B. Fox  CLSA  Calyon Securities.
Steven B. Fox  CLSA  Calyon Securities: A couple of questions, getting back to the auto can you isolate on the trends in auto demand in Asia how much of that was restocking versus real growth? Then also if you can talk on auto about what the mix of the content looks like per vehicle, if theres anything that youve been able to dissect on that, that would be helpful?
Thomas J. Lynch : Well, let me talk mix a little bit, theres a slight change in mix I would say and we kind of estimate it at a couple of dollar impact on content. Right now theres a little bit higher proportion of smaller cars with less features being sold. We do believe thats something that will work its way through and its happened in the past during maybe circumstances that werent maybe this crazy as the last nine months so, slight so far there Steve. I would say in terms of Asia, I mean definitely China that had a month or two of declining auto sales stimulated quickly through a number of ways, change taxes on certain priced cars and that business is really very robust again, were very strong there Tyco Electronics. Getting a little bit better in Japan I would say both in the local market as well as the exports. That feels more inventory correction related. I was in Korea a couple of weeks ago, I would say a little bit of both, a little more inventory still. Id say in general in all of the consumer markets, the sequential benefit is definitely in the two thirds to three quarters inventory but there is some improvement in end demand.
Steven B. Fox  CLSA  Calyon Securities: Then on the network solutions business looked like it had a little bit more leverage quarter-over-quarter than I would have expected. Can you talk about how you got the improvement if there are any one offs and what we should be looking for on networking solutions margins going forward?
Terrence R. Curtin : A couple of things, both in specialty products and network solutions you saw nice sequential increases. They both had benefits of our cost actions, our cost actions were across all our businesses except UT, not just the electronic components. They also did bring down inventory so they both did get the benefit of some of the inventory burn turning as well as cost actions. The incremental that you do see in network solutions has to do with a little bit of a favorable mix because the service provider market grew a little bit faster so there is a little mix but there isnt any other one offs there.
Steven B. Fox  CLSA  Calyon Securities: Then lastly, if you were going to look at a tax rate for next fiscal year, any suggestions on what to use?
Terrence R. Curtin : Tax rate when you look at it certainly our tax rate, like I said, has been very volatile as the business has swung through these income levels it certainly impacts pretax income. When we started the year we told you about 30%. We have continued to work on planning and well give you full guidance in the next call but I think right now using in the 28% to 30% range pending our formal guidance and insights for next year I think is a reasonable assumption.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Suva  Citigroup.
Jim Suva  Citigroup: When you guys talked about the destocking of inventory is pretty much over, I just want to be clear for the September quarter are you envisioning a restocking or just stability?
Thomas J. Lynch : Id say more stability Jim. Theres a little bit of restocking going on but inventories were so much higher than the level of business as the market collapsed so quickly particularly in automotive. I dont think weve seen  certainly everybody got a little tighter than they would normally be on inventory but I can think of just how were managing our own inventory, were not going in to restocking mode, our reductions are starting to flatten out. I think thats the way we see it with most of our customers.
Jim Suva  Citigroup: Then on the automotive side you guys have done a lot to right size your business, cut down costs and things like that, for the September quarter what type of annualized global automotive run rate are you running the business for, for the September quarter?
Terrence R. Curtin : If you look at it right now Jim, when you look at it global production in the fourth quarter is going to be about 13.5 million units is our estimate. We do see that having the potential to inch up about 60 million units for next year as weve told you just as the consumer and production get back in line which is pretty flat production quarter-on-quarter from Q3 to Q4 so our production estimate is about 13.5, our capacity is above that but thats right now how were seeing it and we do expect to grow about 6% to 7% sequentially.
Jim Suva  Citigroup: Then if we go from 13.5 more towards and annual run rate of 60 million, you would likely see more benefit from the positive leverage flow through?
Terrence R. Curtin : Exactly. If you look at it, Tom talked about our component business getting to profitability and around these business levels we think its a mid single digit profitability but then you get the volume leverage that we believe will be very significant that Tom talked about.
Jim Suva  Citigroup: My last question is, and not for guidance, but you guys have done a lot of divesting of businesses throughout the several quarters. Can you help us understand the normal seasonality of your company in aggregate now kind of as the quarters progress through the fiscal or calendar year?
Thomas J. Lynch : Its tough to say whats normal after what weve been through this year Jim. A lot of seasonality has been thrown out the door. Our wireless business, really from a seasonality, the wireless business that we sold, the only thing that was unique about that was it always had a big September quarter. If you look at the rest of the business without that and assuming a return to what we did historically, typically our third quarter will be out strongest. We do get impacted in the other quarters by holidays and seasonality but still quarter four and quarter one maybe 5% off of that but quarter three which is our June quarter would be our strongest in a normal time.
Jim Suva  Citigroup: The last point, along that line, you mentioned stepping away from some of the computer businesses, the commodity side, is there still more to go on that or is that pretty much behind us?
Thomas J. Lynch : I think most of it is behind us Jim. As you know, weve been working on that for a couple of years to get out of the real low value add. I mean, our products still span the range I would say of complexity and theres still pretty wide margin ranges across the portfolio and its not our goal to get out of every low end product. What we wanted to get out of was products that we didnt really add any engineering or manufacturing to it because we cant distinguish ourselves that way and wed rather have those resources on other projects because as you know were a project intensive business. So I guess the simple answer is yes, most of that is behind us.
Operator:  Your next question comes from William Stein  Credit Suisse.
William Stein  Credit Suisse: Im wondering if you can give us a brief update on the M&A strategy going ahead? You talked about potentially doing something to fill in some holes in the portfolio, any comments on how that might progress going forward?
Thomas J. Lynch : As you know the last couple of years the focus has really been get the portfolio much tighter and I feel like weve done that around our core connectivity business that serves devices and automotive and networks. So now that we have that  at the same time we have looked at acquisitions and have been building a pipeline that has been derivative of our strategy and Id say our pipeline is pretty robust right now. Were scanning and looking at a number of things but its focused in a couple of areas. As weve said before, areas that would compliment us. We like energy for sure, we like medical, we have good positions there, wed like to build on those positions. I think generally speaking its rounding out markets where we dont have a full product line and thats how we think about it. When I think about what percentage of our business, it feels like a 2% to 3% of our revenue and obviously maybe one year it will be one and maybe one year it will be 5% will make sense when we look at where we want to go strategically and whats out there. We havent done any yet, weve been active in a few, we passed on a few because either it turned out as we got in to them they werent what we thought or we werent willing to pay the premium but I think its definitely an important part of our strategy going forward.
William Stein  Credit Suisse: Any chance that youd do something bigger than that and maybe even a public company or is that officially out of the cards?
Thomas J. Lynch : I would never say never, I would say is there a chance? Yes. Is it at the top of our priority list? No, because if you go across the markets were in and the technology we have and again, were more than just a connector company, we like what we have. Our biggest opportunity to create value is to leverage what we have and augment it so I really feel like M&A in the midterm for us is more of an augmentation strategy not necessarily a big deal, transform the company, strategy. But, Id never say never because things come up and you get smarter as you go. But, thats how were thinking about it right now.
William Stein  Credit Suisse: Then an update on the distribution strategy please?
Thomas J. Lynch : As you know, about a year or year and a half ago we felt like we needed to be much more strategic and frankly much more effective through that channel so weve been on a pretty intense program to do that. Were making good progress, we have reduced the number of distributors over the last three months that we serve. We still serve them with our products but I think most of those customers and partners will be better off as we simplify our channel and therefore we can focus our efforts on the bigger distributors and do a better job. So, I feel good about that.  You cant really see it in the numbers yet because obviously the business has been down and the channel has been correcting inventories and Terrence talked to that a little bit, we think thats largely behind us. But, I definitely feel like our relationships with strategic partners in that channel around the world are better than they were a year ago.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Amitabh Passi  UBS.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Just a couple of questions, the first one being for you Terrence, on the balance sheet once youve redeemed the $150 million plus or so of debt would you be largely done with most of the balance sheet restructuring or do you think youll probably continue to pay down debt further?
Terrence R. Curtin : Tom mentioned, where we are today, were probably at the high end of the range if we stay at the revenue where we are now and as you saw in the tender we went out with a $350 tender, we had a $150 submitted so there could be a couple of hundred million more that we do depending on business levels. So, there could be a little bit more that we do, thats why Tom talked about the flexibility of holding more cash in these uncertain times but we are close to being done.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Then how do you foresee working capital movements in the fourth quarter?
Terrence R. Curtin : Working capital in the fourth quarter, on the revenue we do view we will take a little bit more out of inventory but other than that we expect working capital to be fairly flat quarter on quarter.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Then Tom just for you a couple of sort of strategic questions, I guess the first one was just any thoughts on the recent acquisition of [SCI America] by [Hubble], does that from your perspective indicate anything on one of your competitors or just curious to see what your thoughts were on that?
Thomas J. Lynch : We obviously were aware of what was going on there but other than that we really dont have too much to add. As I said, were active. You could call us active and selective.
Amitabh Passi  UBS: Then just one final question, on your network solutions, Im just trying to understand, what is the value add for you to remain invested in some of the businesses like building networks and the comp service provider where there are certainly much larger competitors in that space, I mean is that an area you remain fairly committed to? Then, how do you see the synergies flowing out with the rest of your sort of interconnect and component business?
Thomas J. Lynch : I think the networks business is one of the things that makes us much more and we like this a lot, sort of a device interconnect company. Of course, thats our core business but if you look at our core technologies and out of our networks business we really lead with our kind of material science expertise and in our connector business we lead with our mechanical and contact physics expertise but they come together and they definitely come together in the enterprise business. Were one of the top three players in the world and our enterprise or net connect business, thats a $400 to $500 million business, very attractive business for us, a business that we have a lot of momentum in. Those technologies come together in our energy business which is in the neighborhood of $1 billion in normal times, its down a little this year. Were strong around the world in the energy business and we really love the prospects for that business.  In the telecom portion of the business or what we sometimes call our outdoor plant business which is copper and fiber interconnect business in the outside plant and we sell to companies, the big carriers around the world, thats been a very good business for us. Its been down and lumpy the last couple of years and it tends to fluctuation with the acceleration and deceleration in fiber deployments. But, we like all three of those businesses and the technologies are very linked so we like being this very broad based connectivity business. Those network business is roughly $2 billion in sales with historically very attractive margins and in the future we believe very attractive margins and have been very solid during this last year. 
Amitabh Passi  UBS: I do have one final one, on the aerospace and defense, you talked about some weakness in the end market, I suspect some of that was driven by commercial aerospace weakness and likely [inaudible] continued to destock. Im just curious what youre seeing on the defense side of that business?
Thomas J. Lynch : Relatively flat, thats holding up better than the commercial aerospace business. This is another business that we like a lot, we invested in over the last few years, we broke it out as its own standalone business unit a few years ago. I think we mentioned on the call last time that we have significantly increased our content on all the new platforms on commercial aerospace and the two big providers there and weve also increased our content in the defense side on a lot of the new military vehicles. Now, thats not showing up in sales yet, that will show up as the platforms begin to shift but we like that business. As you know, thats attractive businesses, its long cycle, its hard to be displaced from that business and it requires a lot of technology. A lot of our advanced material technology starts there and then moves in to other parts of our business.
Operator: 
.: 
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets:  I had a quick follow up guys, on the computer segment, sales were down a little bit sequentially, could you just quantify how much of that was due to these programs that we exited?
Terrence R. Curtin : How much of the decline?
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Yes, because in general right most of the computer PC supply chain is doing fairly positive as weve seen from good sequential growth so Im just trying to understand the delta, how much of this is because of businesses that you walked away from?
Thomas J. Lynch : Most of it is from us exiting the business. The lions share of that is from existing the business. Were doing pretty well in our core platforms in that business but all the potpourri of all the other things we had either  we raised prices basically the last couple of years and most of that has gone away which was our intention, if we couldnt keep the price.
John Roselli :  Thank you very much for the time and [inaudible] and myself will be around all day for any follow up questions you have. Thanks for joining us.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern Time today through August 5th. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 105486. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with the access code 105486. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer Terrence Curtin - Chief Financial Officer John Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Brian White - Collins Stewart Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Jim Suva - Citi William Stein - Credit Suisse Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Steven Fox - CLSA Amitabh Passi - UBS
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Tyco Electronics second quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. John Roselli. Please go ahead.
John Roselli: Thanks, Rochelle and good morning. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics' second quarter results for fiscal year 2009 and our outlook for the third quarter. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to read through the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and all related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at tycoelectronics.com. Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. Today, we are introducing a slide show to accompany our review here, so hopefully that's helpful for you and if you can move to slide 2, we will get started. As we expected, the weak global economic conditions did have a significant impact on our business this quarter as our sales declined 28% organically year-over-year and our adjusted operating earnings declined 85%. So it was a tough quarter from that perspective, although what we expected going into the quarter. Our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.14 and that does include a $0.07 benefit from a tax rate that was more favorable than our guidance rate. If you were to use our guidance tax rate of 30%, our adjusted earnings per share would have been in the middle of the guidance range we provided last quarter. The tax rate will tend to fluctuate a little bit at these income levels. Terrence will expound on that when he walks you through the financials in more detail in a few minutes. Our business conditions remain weak and visibility is limited, but we have seen our order rates stabilize over the last two months, last March and April, as compared to the weakening trends we were seeing at the time of our last call. In our businesses that serve consumer markets, which includes automotive, order rates have picked up over the last couple months. In our industrial markets, orders are still soft and weakening a bit. The good news is we are seeing stabilization in orders, but it is off a much lower base than the prior year, but things do feel a little bit better now than they did three months ago as inventories in the supply chain, particularly in the consumer market and most especially in the automotive markets we serve, have been reduced considerably. So feeling better; visibility still limited, however, and I think most of what we are seeing is, the inventories getting back in line. Now I want to spend a few minutes updating you on the progress we are making with the strategy we laid out almost two years ago when we separated the company and then, as today, the strategy has three main elements to it: positioning the company for accelerated growth, improving our operating leverage and focusing the portfolio. Notwithstanding the weak business conditions that are out there, we still have our eye clearly on the ball of positioning this business for growth. Our strategy there really has four key points: Accelerating new product introductions and better leveraging our technology portfolio, and I'm going to talk about a couple of key new wins for us in a minute; expanding our reach and service levels through the distribution and web channels. We are very strong with the large OEMs. That has always been our strength and we put a lot of resources in front of those customers and have a lot of success there. We want to be as strong and as effective with the other half of our business, which tends to be the smaller customers. So we have a lot in process to improve our ability to reach customers through alternative channels. Thirdly, as part of our growth, continue to strengthen our position in emerging markets. Naturally, that is where a lot of growth is going to continue to come from. We do have a very strong position in China, Russia, Eastern Europe and India. We are continuing to invest there and most importantly, continuing to build our talent there. The fourth element of this growth strategy is to broaden our product range through strategic acquisitions. Now we haven't done any of that. We have been much more focused on cleaning up the portfolio that resulted from all the acquisitions that came before to form this business, but we do feel that our platform and infrastructure will lend itself to augmenting our current portfolio of products and technologies when the right opportunities come up at the right time and we are focused on building that pipeline. So with respect to new products, I'd just like to give you a couple of good examples. The platforms are important. What's really important is broadening the markets we serve with the technology we have. The first one in our aerospace and defense and marine business; we recently won a very key award with Airbus in what is known as the Raceway program. This product provides a solution to protect the aircraft's electrical system from electrical interference and lightning strikes. There are a couple of very important things about this award. One, these new airliners, that will be rolling out, are made of composite materials. That changes the characteristics of the electrical system a little bit, how it has to deal with interference and lightning strikes. So this was a big win that really highlights the kind of strength we have in electrical and mechanical technology. This product will initially be deployed on the new A350 and it is more than about $100,000 in content per plane. Really the most exciting piece about this is we have not been a major player in Airbus. This gives us a very strong position there and really positions us as a strategic supplier to them. We have always been strong in Boeing and we're getting stronger there as well. Another good example is in our energy business and we have about $1 billion of energy business revenue in the company. We serve the biggest part of that is we serve utility. For most of our existence, we've served the low-to-medium voltage part of that market. About three years ago, we began to expand our product line to address the high-voltage market. That is where a lot of the accelerated growth is going to come. Recently, we introduced a whole new range of porcelain insulators, starting with the North American market. We are starting to see nice traction with that. This was a gap in our product offering and this is going to give us access to a range of new applications. So two examples of the kind of things we have been doing in the company to better harness the range of technology we have. In addition to these new product launches, we are seeing increased opportunities to gain market share, especially in automotive. Just in the last six months, we've been on more than $150 million of opportunities in the automotive business that was previously supplied by competitors, in many cases, previously business that we had not won. We are being approached to rebid for these programs, because our customers are increasingly looking for partners like ourselves that have the financial resources to not only get through the current times, but to invest for the future. So I think the 50 to 60 years we have been in this business, the strength means more than it ever did to our customers. And then up my last comment on growth, as you know, we talked last quarter about the formation of a new Specialty Products segment and what we did is we broke out four businesses that were previously grouped with our more traditional interconnect business and this is our aerospace, defense and marine; medical; touch systems; and circuit protections. These businesses all have an attractive range of technologies that are broader than just our core interconnect business and it really leverage our material science capability and are well-positioned for growth over the next several years. The third area or the second key area of our strategy of the three is to improve our operating leverage. As you know, two years ago, we talked about getting, over a three-year period operating margins up to 15%. Now that won't happen by 2010 because of what's going on, but we are making excellent progress on resizing the cost structure to get the operating leverage when the business does come back, and today we are on track to take about $300 million of costs out of the structure. What I mean by this is it is permanent cost savings, it's reduction in facilities, consolidation of comparable businesses, it is reducing spans and layers in organizations. We have made a lot of progress there and Terrence will take you through the details. About two-thirds of this savings will come from our manufacturing operations and one-third from SG&A. As we went through this program, keep three important things in mind; make sure we size this business to be solidly profitable in the $9.5 billion to $10 billion range. But as part of that, we really preserve our strategic opportunities and there are numerous strategic opportunities and when I say preserve them, I'm really talking about two key things, keep our strength in front of the customer and keep our engineering largely intact to develop a product that supports the customers' increasing needs. Then the third part of that is, as the business comes back, make sure we have accelerated spring back in our margins. And then the last part with respect to our strategy is focusing our portfolio. As you know, this has really been key for us to get down to what we consider the core business that we are best at. A couple weeks ago, we announced the sale of our Wireless Systems business for $675 million. We also closed on the sale of a small battery business during the quarter for $14 million and over the last 18 months, we have now divested five non-core businesses, which by the time the wireless sale closes in the June-July timeframe, will generate about $1.3 billion of total proceeds. And if you now can turn to slide 3, I will talk a little bit about cash flow and liquidity. We did have a very strong free cash flow quarter. We generated $382 million of free cash flow in Q2. This was an increase of 9% over the prior quarter. As you know, reducing our inventory was a very big focus area for us. We did get a bit of a slow start in Q1, but we're moving with great momentum in this area now and we reduced our inventory $326 million in the quarter and without sacrificing customer service levels. Through the first six months, we have now generated more than $400 million of free cash flow, excluding restructuring and this is putting us on pace to generate about $800 million of free cash flow for the full year before restructuring, consistent with what we said last quarter. With respect to our capital structure, this remains very solid with over $700 million of cash and another $600 million of net proceeds expected from the wireless sale when that closes. Then lastly, our plan to reincorporate in Switzerland from Bermuda is on track. This will be brought to our shareholders for approval in late June. So to recap this section, I feel very good about our progress we are making despite the fact we are in a lousy market. I believe we're strengthening our competitive position in a number of markets, high growth areas where we weren't as strong in the last couple of years; in markets where we are the leader like automotive, we are really focused on capitalizing on share gain opportunities. We are on track to take out $300 million of structural costs and this will be largely completed by the end of the fourth quarter. This will position us to be solidly profitable even at current business levels and enhances our operating leverage when business improves. Finally, with the wireless sale, our portfolio is essentially where we want it. So with that, I'll turn it over to Terrence who will walk you through the financials in more detail.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Tom and good morning, everyone. Let me start by reviewing our sales performance by segment and market and then I will review our earnings, cash flow and liquidity. So if you can turn to slide 4, this slide shows our overall revenue performance by segment. Overall, our total company sales were down 33% in the quarter or 28% on an organic basis. As you can see in the lower left hand corner of the slide, our business is serving the consumer markets, most of which are in the Components segment and to a lesser extent in the new Specialty Products segment, decreased 44% on an organic basis and these markets were the most affected by the economic slowdown. So let me turn to slide 5 and cover segment performance in more detail. Starting with our Electronic Components segment on the left hand side, our sales declined 45% in the quarter or 41% organically. The decline was broad-based across markets and geographies. On a regional basis, all three regions were down more than 35% year-over-year and we experienced declines in every major end market with the consumer-related markets, which are about 70% of the segment sales, declining 45% while the industrial and infrastructure markets that we serve were down 30%. Getting into specifics by the major markets in the segment. In the automotive market, our sales declined 49% organically, driven by an estimated 40% decline in global automotive production from 19 million units produced last year to approximately 11 million units in the current year quarter. We were also impacted by inventory corrections throughout the supply chain, which caused our sales decline to be higher than production levels. Geographically, all regions experienced a similar decline, and for quarter three, we do expect a sequential improvement in our sales driven by increased auto production outside of North America, as well as a reduction in the inventory burn-off in the supply chain. In the computer market, our sales declined 37% organically. This reflects a steep decline in desktop computers. Inventory levels in the supply chain appear to be clearing out and we expect a slight increase sequentially in our sales to this market. In the communications equipment market, our sales declined 29%, driven by 42% decline in mobile phones. That was impacted significantly by the supply chain inventory corrections during the quarter. Similar to the computer market, we believe that the supply chain inventory correction is substantially over. In the industrial equipment markets, our sales were down 37% on an organic basis and this market is being impacted by the global cutbacks in capital spending. We saw a continued weakening of order rates throughout Q2 in this area and we expect sales will be down sequentially in quarter three. Finally, in the distribution channel, our sales declined 31% organically due to weaknesses in the end-customer demand, as well as inventory reductions by distributors. We do expect a similar decline in the third quarter as distributors further reduce inventory levels. Looking at the right side of this slide, our Network Solutions segment, sales declined 22% on a reported basis and 11% organically. Sales to the energy market declined 8% organically in the quarter. Double-digit growth in North America was more than offset by declines in EMEA and Asia. In North America, we continue to gain share as a result of the revamping of our go-to-market structure, coupled with our expanded high-voltage product line. We do continue to see cutbacks in network investment by our utility customers and do not expect to see the typical season increase in sales in quarter three. Our sales to the service provider market also declined 8% organically. Selective investment in fiber-to-the-home and broadband wireless projects being more than offset by lower spending on upgrades and maintenance of existing networks and especially by the U.S. carriers. In the enterprise networks market, which we also referred to as building networks, our sales declined 22% organically. This reflects slower commercial construction markets, particularly in the U.S. and also deferred project spending due to IT budget cuts. Turning to slide 6, sales in the Specialty Products segment declined 21% year-over-year and 19% organically. Sales to the Aerospace, Defense and Marine market declined 12% organically, driven by inventory reductions in the distribution channel, as well as weakening demand in the commercial aerospace market. We do expect a similar decline in quarter three in this area. In our Touch System business, sales declined 24% due to delays in capital investment by our retail end customers. In the Medical area, product sales increased 4% due to strength in ultrasound and patient monitoring devices. We do expect lower business levels as hospitals' budgets get reduced, which will impact the sale of the devices in the equipment that our products are designed into. Finally, Circuit Protection sales declined 49%. Our sales were down due to declines in mobile phones and laptop computers, which were impacted by weak demand and supply chain inventory corrections. Moving to the right side of the slide, our undersea telecom sales increased 14% driven by progress on several projects underway in the Middle East, Africa and Southeast Asia. We ended the quarter with $1.1 billion of backlog and now expect full year sales to exceed $1 billion compared to prior expectations of $900 million. We do, however, see sales declining sequentially to about $290 million. Finally, in our Wireless Systems segment, our sales grew 10% organically, driven by increased system deployments. We had very strong orders last quarter and our backlog in this segment grew 19% sequentially to nearly $400 million. So let me now get into the P&L, which begins on slide 7. Our GAAP operating loss was $3.8 billion and this was impacted by several items. First, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment of $3.5 billion and this impairment is due to the impact of the economic downturn on our businesses that serve computer-related markets. Specifically, $3.4 billion of the charge was in our Electronic Components segment where about 70% of our sales relate to consumer markets. The remaining $112 million impairment occurred in our Specialty Products segment and relates to our Circuit Protection business. We do not expect any further impairments unless business conditions significantly deteriorate further. Second, we did incur $196 million of restructuring costs during the quarter, which is a bit more than we guided. We initiated more headcount reductions and two additional plant closures. We also incurred a $6 million loss on the sale of the small battery business that Tom mentioned in our Electronic Components segment. I will cover more detail on the restructuring efforts as part of the cost action update in a minute. The final item on the slide relates to our separation from Tyco International. As you may recall, Tyco settled its major class action lawsuit about a year ago, but there were several smaller cases that were still outstanding. These cases are being managed by Tyco International, but we share 31% of the liability under the terms of our separation. During the second quarter, Tyco International settled two of the outstanding cases and established a reserve for the estimated costs to resolve the remaining cases. Our portion of the two settled cases was $19 million and our portion of the reserve for the remaining cases was $116 million. I want to note that this is the estimated cost to cover all remaining shareholder litigation items related to our separation. Now let's move to slide 8. Starting at the top, I want to talk about manufacturing margins first, and when I talk about manufacturing margins, this is our gross margin, excluding research, development and engineering costs. During the quarter, our manufacturing margin declined 700 basis points from 31% to 24%. The 33% decline in our sales reduced our manufacturing margin by 800 basis points. While our sales were down 33%, we also reduced production by approximately 50% compared to the prior year as we brought down our inventory levels. This lower level of production negatively impacted our manufacturing margin by 200 basis points. These production cuts will continue to be a drag on margins throughout the third quarter as we continue to reduce inventory. Offsetting these negative effects were our cost reduction efforts. If you look at the savings from our cost actions in quarter two versus a year ago, it was $110 million of cost savings, which did help our manufacturing margin by about 300 basis points. Looking at the middle of the slide on operating expenses and this includes both our RD&E expenses and SG&A as shown on the slide, we were down $73 million year on year. I do want to highlight the prior year SG&A amount includes a $36 million real estate gain on the sale that we had last year in the second quarter. If you take out the effects of this real estate gain, as well as currency translation, we reduced our operating expenses by $80 million through a combination of headcount reductions and spending controls. We have reduced our engineered expense at a slower rate than SG&A as we want to maintain our focus on growth investment. As Tom mentioned, we're seeing more growth opportunities in some end markets and we want to make sure we capitalize on these opportunities. We do expect that our RD&E and SG&A levels will be similar in Q3 as they were in Q2. Now let me provide you with an update on our cost-reduction efforts. As Tom highlighted earlier, our overall target is to remove approximately $300 million in annualized structural costs from our business. This consists of $200 million in manufacturing costs and another $100 million of SG&A and these actions will position us for solid profitability at the current sales levels and will also provide improved operating leverage as sales growth returns so that we can hit 12% operating margins at the $12 billion sales level. In addition to these structural reductions, we have also reduced our variable costs, excluding materials, by approximately $500 million on an annualized basis in response to the current demand environment. These reductions consist of a variety of items, which include shortened working weeks, the elimination of temporary workers and a significant reduction in discretionary spending. If you look at headcount, we have reduced our headcount by 21,000 since year-end and this is a 22% reduction. Sequentially, our headcount is down 13,000 from the first quarter. If you look at our manufacturing footprint, since we began our simplification program in 2007, we have closed 19 manufacturing sites and we have another six closures in process and by the end of the year, we will have less than 100 manufacturing sites. Overall, we continue to make very good progress on our cost-reduction efforts and with the exception of the plant closures, which do take longer to complete, the majority of our cost-reduction efforts will be completed by the end of the fourth quarter and this will position us for improved profitability in fiscal 2010. So let me turn to slide 9 and talk about items below operating income. Net interest expense in the quarter was $37 million and this was down slightly from the prior year due to lower debt levels. Favorable adjustments to our expected annual tax rate resulted in tax income of $25 million in the quarter. And as Tom mentioned, the amount and mix of income by jurisdiction have changed considerably since when we entered the year and this has resulted in a lower expected tax expense for the full year. And when you take the half-year adjustment that we have to book and our low income levels in Q2, this magnified the effect on the effective tax rate and actually caused it to go into an income position. In the Q3, we will also have an unusual tax rate, driven again by the low level of earnings and as you will see on the guidance slide coming up, we estimate that our tax expense will be between $12 million and $18 million, based on our operating income guidance range. The reason that this is fixed is, please recall that a portion of our tax expense is driven by the interest on our shared tax liabilities that relates to separation. If you look at other income, which was $3 million in the quarter, this was down from $13 million in the prior year that reflected lower-than-expected interest on the share tax liabilities due to some minor issues being resolved. This line will fluctuate with a corresponding increase or decrease and the interest running through our income tax line. For Q3, I expect the other income will be approximately $11 million. Now let me cover free cash flow on slide 10. Q2 free cash flow was $382 million. Lower income levels versus the prior year were more than offset by reductions in working capital and capital expenditures. Our days sales outstanding declined three days year over year and five days sequentially. Our inventory days on hand, excluding construction in process, were up four days year-over-year, but declined six days sequentially to 82 days on hand. As Tom stated, we reduced our inventory by $326 million in the quarter and we expect to take another $150 million to $200 million out in quarter three. On capital spending, we continue to manage capital tightly and if you go back, when we exited last year, we were running about $170 million per quarter in CapEx. This quarter was at $95 million, which is a 40% reduction from the prior year levels and we expect similar capital spending in quarter three and approximately $400 million of capital spending for the year. Cash restructuring in the quarter was $68 million. We expect full-year cash restructuring spending in the range of $300 million, up slightly from the previous guidance. Cash taxes were $10 million in the quarter and for the full year we continue to expect that our cash tax rate will be approximately 30% of our adjusted pretax income. This is slightly higher than our historical rate and is really due to payments we are making in the current year related to the prior year higher income levels. Finally, as Tom mentioned, we remain on track to generate approximately $800 million in free cash flow for the year before restructuring cash. Moving to slide 11, which shows our debt and liquidity position. We began the quarter with $545 million of cash and ended it with $722 million of cash. During the quarter, we paid down just under $100 million on our credit facility and at quarter-end, our debt was $2.9 billion, down from $3.2 billion last year. Our debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA as measured in our credit facility agreement is now 1.5 times and our liquidity position remains solid with no significant debt due until 2012. Our liquidity position will be further [strengthened] by the proceeds from our Wireless Systems business, which will be about $615 million after tax and transaction costs. Based upon our cash generation from operations and solid liquidity position, we are committed to the current dividend levels for fiscal 2009. As we do every year, we will review our dividend and payout ratio with our Board as we enter into fiscal 2010. Now let me turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. I'm now going to move to slide 12, which is our Q3 outlook. And please note that the outlook for Q3 does exclude our Wireless Systems business, as we will now be reporting that as a discontinued operation. For Q3, we expect our sales will be in the range of $2.35 billion to $2.45 billion, which is flat to slightly higher than Q2, but down 30% to 33% year over year on an organic basis. Last year's third quarter was really the high watermark and after that, that is when the business really began to deteriorate. So it is one of our hardest compares I would say, but business is still weak out there. As I mentioned earlier, in our consumer-related businesses, we expect sequential improvement in the 8% to 10% range while we would expect industrial to be down 5% to 7% and automotive will be low double digits is what we are expecting right now and based on the order rates we are seeing. We expect our adjusted operating income to be in the range of $40 million to $70 million and this is down a little bit from Q2 due to the continued impact of our inventory reduction efforts on our profitability. Q3 is definitely where the biggest impact of the production cuts is being felt, some impact in Q2, large impacts in Q3. We do expect this will be another 100 to 200 basis points worse impact than it was in Q2, but if sales continue to stabilize or slightly improve, we expect by the end of the third quarter inventory levels will largely be in line with our sales levels although, for sure, we are not taking our foot off the gas on reducing inventory. We expect our adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations will be in the $0.01 to $0.06 range. Terrence mentioned a little bit of this range, spread is due to the range of the tax rate. Now if you move to slide 13, I will wrap it up before we open it up for Q&A. To sort of just recap everything we just covered, business is still low. I mean business levels are still low; there is no question about that. But for the first time in a while, we are seeing some signs of improvement and that is largely in our consumer-related markets and importantly in our largest market, automotive. We do feel like we are positioning the Company soundly and solidly for accelerated growth. As Terrence mentioned, we have not reduced our engineering spending that much. We are looking at ways to be efficient and eliminate duplication, but we are very focused there because the leverage on engineering in this Company is very, very high in terms of revenue to engineering dollars and the number of new projects that we do in a business like this. I feel good about the portfolio and the product with the changes we have made. Terrence took you through the cost program, which has very good traction, good solid second quarter and cash flow and we expect to be solid for the second half of the year as well and generate over $800 million of free cash flow before restructuring. And then finally, we have a very solid capital structure and that is going to get stronger with the closure of the wireless divestiture. So with that, operator, can we please open it up for questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Just on the consumer side, right, from your comments and I think from a lot of other component companies, definitely sounds like we are starting to see stability and some inventory build, rebuild. But on the other side, you guys are talking about a 10% sequential growth. Now is that really a reflection of demand getting better or are you just seeing some possible pull-ins due to one-time benefits from the Scrappage Laws in Europe for example?
Tom Lynch: Amit, all of that is in Europe and Asia. None of that is happening in the US yet and it is more from inventory. A lot of governments have a variety of different, say, stimulus programs to encourage people, whether it is the scrapping of the old car, credits for new purchases. I don't think we have seen that really begin to hit in any significant way yet. I mean it remains to be seen how significant that will be, but clearly everybody slams on the brakes in inventory four or five months and that is finally getting to a point where there is just not enough inventory in the pipeline. So I would say it is more inventory right now.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Then just on the inventory aspect, and you guys actually did a pretty good job I think of lowering it and it was down 20% or so year-over-year. Your sales are still down 30%, so do we still take it that there is actually room for cash generation to be positive as we work down further inventory in the June quarter? Is that reasonable?
Terrence Curtin: It will depend on how much inventory we do take out, but from that viewpoint, if you look at that $200 million, cash could be positive from a free cash flow perspective. We do have our interest payment in this quarter, which are semi-annual, which does create a little bit of a drag, but there definitely is potential for that.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Then just finally from me, the Electronic Component business, what sort of revenue run rate could we see that business start to break even?
Terrence Curtin: If you look at components, certainly the margin impact of the inventory drag is the largest in components. That is the one that has had the most impact, obviously top line, which is where the inventory actions are there. So, when you look at it, the inventory is creating the loss you have seen there, as well as will create the loss to slightly go up sequentially as we continue to work through inventory. If you look at the cost actions and so forth, we would have to be higher than the levels are today, but it will depend upon the mix of revenue between the various businesses in there. So, from that viewpoint, the inventory burn is having a big impact there, but it will depend upon where business levels are between the businesses that are in there.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: But it definitely sounds like you need more than just cost savings, right, to drive that and to break even a positive territory.
Terrence Curtin: Between the cost savings and the inventory and a slight improvement in revenue, we would be close to breakeven.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian White of Collins Stewart.
Brian White - Collins Stewart: Just on the inventory frontier, if sales were pretty much in line with what you thought, why do we have so much excess inventory going into the June quarter?
Tom Lynch: Can you repeat the last part of that question?
Brian White - Collins Stewart: It seems like sales are what you expected in the March quarter and a little bit of a growth here in the June quarter sequentially, so I'm just wondering why do we have so much excess inventory?
Terrence Curtin: Brian, when you look at it and I'll go back to the last call, when you look at our inventory, we did state that we had higher-than-normal levels and it would take us multiple quarters to work that off as you are aware. Inventory, by the various industries, you can't switch between the industries. So we set a target out to get about $200 million out in quarter two. We drove that at a higher level at $326 million and our goal is to get it behind us by the end of Q3. So our goal has always been that this would be a multi-quarter process to work through and we exceeded the target that we actually set out here for Q2.
John Roselli: And another way to think about that, Brian, this is John, if you look at where we ended last year, we had around $2.1 billion of inventory. If you think about a $10 billion sales run rate, that is down about 30%. So, if you drop our inventory levels by 30%, that is roughly where we need to get our inventory to be in line with our sales run rate and we're not quite there yet.
Brian White - Collins Stewart: Okay, it looks to me, I mean just looking at inventory to revenue throughout '08, you are at a mid-60% type level that maybe you would have more like 350 to 400 excess inventory, but you think it is 150 to 200.
Terrence Curtin: It is slightly above 200, if you look at that. It is not 350 to 400. Right now, if you look at the metric, we are around 82 days. We typically like to be in the 70s. So when you look at it, it is not as big of a number as you have. But to Tom's point, in these uncertain times, we are going to take it down as far as we can basically to make sure we get the most out of cash generation as well.
Tom Lynch: And also, Brian, I would say over time I believe we can run the inventory at less than the 70 days range. We are doing a lot from a process point of view. Probably if you were to say in your reductions this year, 80% is more of in the brute force category, you know, you just stop the press for this kind of thing. But we are making a lot of process improvement and I think one of the real opportunities for this company that we are very focused on is to run the business with less inventory, at the same time improve our delivery rate. So that is a key focus area.
Brian White - Collins Stewart: And just on the auto front, have some of your customers come to you and asked for better pricing in the auto component area?
Tom Lynch: I would say not any more than usual. And what I mean by that is, there is always the pricing negotiations going on. To give you an example though, of that $150 million of additional business we bid on, a fair amount of that business we lost because of the price in the past. We didn't just all of a sudden change our price threshold to get it. Our point has been, we continue to invest. We have dedicated engineers; you can count on us; we are going to keep that. So far we have not seen any real change in price erosion across, and our position has been, volumes are down 30% below when we bid these jobs. So we understand everybody would like lower prices, but so far that is holding the day, and I think it is a good argument for us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin of Thomas Weisel.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel: Back to the gross margin on your expectations past the June quarter, we understand the impact of the inventory reduction on gross margin this quarter. In fact, it sounds like it is going to be down again a little bit. But you also talked about, I think, the 200 basis point improvement when you get back to production levels. So is that what we should be thinking about, about whether it be September or December, the gross margin up a couple of points or so?
Terrence Curtin: Yes. When you look at it, right now certainly the manufacturing margin, I'm going to take out the engineering because that is leverage that is in there. But if you look at the manufacturing margin, you are thinking about it right. At this level, manufacturing margin we would expect to be in the 26%, 27% range, manufacturing margin once we work through all of this, including just the impacts of the cost savings.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel: Okay. And then on the cash situation, could you just talk about what your short-term plans are for the cash in addition to, obviously, the requirements that you have with the restructuring charges and other things? Do we plan to take down the credit line more than you have now? I think you took it down $100 million this quarter.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Similar to what we said last quarter, we are not repurchasing shares. Right now, we are going to hold excess capital to provide flexibility around the balance sheet. We do have about $340 million outstanding on the revolver. And really what we will do is right now protect the balance sheet from a liquidity perspective, and there could be further debt reductions, especially when we get into the proceeds off the wireless sale.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Suva of Citi.
Jim Suva - Citi: I believe your financial goals were $12 billion in sales, 12% margins and $2 of EPS, coupled with a dividend payout of 20% to 25% of the EPS. Can you address that because it seems like we are pretty far from that EPS level and the dividend payout of 20% to 25%? I know you are committed for the next quarter or two, but should we expect that payout ratio and that financial goal timeline what we are looking at or do we need to adjust it accordingly now that there are so many acquisition or divestitures that are finished?
Tom Lynch: A couple things I would say. When we talked about the 12 at 12%, it is really to kind of give you a sense of what we are doing with the cost structure to drive the operating leverage. As I mentioned in my comments, when we looked at this program, make sure we draw the right balance, first and foremost, be financially solid at 10, the current run rate. With all the actions we have largely in place, I feel like we are there. That gives us the leverage then as we go from 10 to 12 to really see the operating leverage come through, which has been something, as you know, as we have talked over the past couple of years, has not been a strong suit of the company. It is something we are extremely focused on up and down in this company to get the operating leverage that I believe is inherent in the company. That would then translate to when $12 billion comes, and I guess that is probably a couple years out based on today's circumstances. But that would translate into roughly a $2 EPS. And then with respect to the dividend, we think the right level traditionally -- and I'm going back to 25% to 30% based on the kind of company we are, we committed six months ago to a dividend level; we are sticking with it. We have the cash to do it and with our Board, this is always the main topic of our August-September Board meeting, which is, what is your business plan for the next three to five years, let's go through the operating plan for this year and then we work through with the Board's approval what we think the appropriate dividend is. So that is really where we are. We are committed to the May and August dividend at $0.16 a share and the current rate and then take a look at that, which is our MO for our planning process.
Jim Suva - Citi: And as a quick follow-up on the wireless divestiture, are there any remaining liabilities left from that specifically related to what is remaining or the New York state contract, which didn't go as optimal as planned? How should we think about any residual impact?
Tom Lynch: Well, we clearly retain that liability. As you know, we wrote off about $110 million last quarter, of which $50 million was related to the drawdown by the letter of credit. We have filed affectively suit in the New York Claims Court. We like our position very much. This system that the state decided to discontinue is up and running in other places around the country as advertised. So I don't believe we have any material exposure beyond what we have recorded. I mean this has to play out, but we're going after this in an aggressive way because we believe that we delivered the system that we signed up to deliver. That would be the major liability.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of William Stein of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Thanks. First, just a small follow-up on Jim's question. At the $12 billion revenue run rate and 12% operating margin, do you guys have a target operating and free cash flow level?
Terrence Curtin: It would continue to be. As we said historically, we would expect our free cash flow will approximate net income. That has not changed.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then about the plant closures, that's the last of the real restructuring that's still left. I assume the 12%, $12 billion relates to when the plant or the manufacturing restructuring is done. Is that correct and what is the current view on timing of finishing the manufacturing footprint adjustment and what would it look like in terms of number of plants?
Tom Lynch: Yes, you are correct and I will go back in time a couple years when we laid out the plan, which was to get us from about 123 plants, south of 100. We are tracking right to that. I think Terrence mentioned 19 finished, six in progress. If you go back to that original plan, that is really tracking very well to the original plan. So that is an important part of the $300 million that we talked about $150 million to $175 million annual savings from that, about a three-year payback on the investment. Since then, we have identified some additional fixed costs to take out of manufacturing, plus the $100 million in SG&A. So that is how you get to the $300 million. So we are largely through that. We don't have to start any new plants to hit that number. We have to finish off these six that are well underway now.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: When is the plan to finish those?
Tom Lynch: That will be in early to mid 2010, which is in line with the original plan. We said that program would be finished about then and that is where we are headed.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Great. And one other one if I can. I was just kind of surprised to hear you talk about new opportunities in automotive. I think you mentioned $150 million new opportunities that you are bidding on. I would imagine that is with one of the big U.S. [ODEs] because it is where you have been less strong. I'm wondering what the strategy is around that. Why is this a new focus?
Tom Lynch: It is more than U.S. Some of the shakeout in the supplier base applies globally and by the way, anything that is US-related is taken with great care, but it is much more than U.S. Clearly, automotive is in tough straits right now and our business is in tough straits, but the dynamics in the business or the characteristics of the business are still fundamentally sound. And if you look at almost any automaker and particularly the European automakers and the Asian automakers, their three fundamental focuses are safe, green and connected. That is all electronics-driven. I mean that is all electronics-enabled I should say. As we've said before I believe, if you talk about alternative energy engines, whether they be all electric or hybrid vehicles, there is a lot more electronic content in that, which means there is more of our content. So while things are very tough when the production is down 40% in the second quarter of number of vehicles, the trends there aren't changing and we are the leader in the industry and it is not an easy industry to get into because quality, track record, the ability to invest. I mean most of where we spend our engineering dollars today is two to four years out on the next generation of vehicles. So it's still an important part of our strategy. From the beginning, two years ago, we said the most important part of our restructuring strategy is to significantly reduce our fixed cost base in that business. That is on track. It's being overwhelmed by the volume decline. But keep it as healthy as possible in the short term and take the costs out, be selective on where we want to grow and by the way, we are discontinuing some product lines too. We are phasing out product lines that aren't in our sweet spot. It's really strengthening the mix of the business within automotive that we're focused on and being very, very selective of chasing North America.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Just a follow-up on the restructuring question. By my math, it looks like there is about $150 million of fixed costs that have been removed here to date. The remaining of the manufacturing saves I'm guessing are going to be very back-end loaded until the facilities close, if that is correct. Just wondering about the timing of the additional OpEx savings, how we should see those role on?
Terrence Curtin: OpEx savings, for the most part when you say OpEx, I'm talking RD&E and SG&A. They are in, so we were able to execute those quicker, Shawn. So that $100 million structural, that is in place and I think you saw our SG&A this quarter actually came in lower than we guided last quarter based upon executing on those moves quicker. Footprint, definitely as Tom said, on the six factories that are still in process. Some of those will go into early next year, middle of next year, but the bulk of it is in place.
Tom Lynch: You are in the ballpark on your estimate though there.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, and then the other side of that, the $500 million in variable costs that have been removed to date, how should we expect those to come back as demand eventually recovers? I'm expecting it to be very gradual, but maybe if you could just kind of give me some idea of how to maybe model that as we look out into 2010 or 2011 if demand comes back, just to think about that dynamic.
Tom Lynch: The way I would think about it is some of it is definitely going to come back because it is in the categories of where there has been a freeze on raises, elimination or in most cases elimination of bonuses, extreme cutbacks on discretionary travel, anything like that. So you swing the pendulum very far as is needed. I would think about it this way, kind of the first billion dollars in revenue back, you would expect a couple hundred million of that to come and then a little bit less because in order to remain competitive in certain areas, you'll need to give some raises and things like that. I mean we have a very tight fist around that $500 million. Right now, it's managed literally daily across our business. So it would gradually flow back and we want to keep out as much as we can frankly. When we talk around our targets now, we're talking around $300 million permanent, but it wouldn't be at all back in until you get to well north of $12 billion in revenue.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And then just I guess two final quick questions. Raw material costs, I know that you're still working through some of the higher priced purchases made back in the latter part of calendar '08. As those roll off, what should we expect to see any P&L benefit in 2010? Then just on the Network Solutions business, I want to just get a clarification. It sounds like you are saying you are not going to see any type of seasonal uptick here in the June quarter or did I hear that incorrectly?
Terrence Curtin: First, on metals, you are right on how you have it. Inventory reduction that we are in the middle of and on the fixing we did at the end of last year, it is taking us longer to work through the fixing than we anticipated in the first and second quarter. So right now, we are still buying copper in the mid-to high 2s for when we do procure it. We are not buying a lot right now as we work through it. So as you look at it, as you go into next year, if we stay at these types of levels, we would only probably buy 130 million pounds of copper. You can separate the price on that from mid to high 2s versus a market price and multiply it by the volume. And like we've said, we would anticipate about half of that may have to come back through pricing when we did raise it, but I think that's the way you think about it. On Network Solutions, typically you are right and in the comments I made. Our utility business where we serve in the energy market, as well as the service provider side, we typically get a summer increase because of weather being better. Right now, with where capital spending are in those markets, we would expect that to really be flat sequentially.
Tom Lynch: Let me just add a little bit to that. I would say that is what we see right now in our order rate. If you take the other two parts of the network, our telecom plant business, the part of that business that is growing is the carriers around the world deploying fiber networks. And as you have seen the last three years, that tends to be lumpy. We really have a very nice product line there and have strengthened our share in the U.S. and our strongest base is in Europe. That continues to be a little bit of a lumpy business, but it doesn't tie directly to economics. And then I would say thirdly in our enterprise or our building networks business, we are starting to see a little bit of a flattening out of the decline, which we had expected.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of [Steven Fox] of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - CLSA: I guess just going back over the auto business a little, you mentioned the sharp decline in auto production worldwide since a year ago. Were you guys rightsizing the business? If you talked about the 19 million units going down to 11 million, where, in your mind, do you need to get your own production to match up against expected demand over the next few years? And then just secondly, what is the implications for the margins in the auto business? Is there any permanent impairment that we need to worry about?
Terrence Curtin: First off on production, Steve, we did go down to 11 million units. If you look at that and you annualize that that would be 44 million units of annual car production. We don't believe that that is the right level. So where we have been sizing the business right now is that that comes back to about a 60 million unit level versus the 73 million we had last year. So when you do look at it, we are sizing it for around a 60 million unit production level. And it is all for us to see when does that come back. Certainly we have lost a little bit of leverage in our automotive business going from 73 million to 60 million, that's why we are taking the costs out. Margin will be slightly less than where we have run historically, but that is built into the 12% at $12 billion model that Tom covered.
Operator: Then the final question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi of UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Just had a couple of quick ones. My first one had to do with the automotive business too. There's a lot of excitement around the scrappage incentives in Europe and what not. Just wanted to get your perspective. A, do you have any concerns that we are probably seeing some level of demand being pulled in and what do you think the potential ramifications are further down the road? And B, it seems like most of the increased volumes we have seen have been in smaller model cars. I'm just wondering how you sort of think about that in terms of your dollar content and potentially maybe incremental pricing pressures in these models?
Tom Lynch: Sure. So three things. I think what we are seeing in our business pickup is still more related to inventory correction. Most of the European and Asian automakers are just starting to increase production now or have plans to increase in May. So I don't think we have seen too much impact from a change in demand. We are not counting on it. I mean we are hopeful that it is going to happen, but it is not changing how we run the business. We are assuming that inventory gets corrected and this is going to last for a while. Our marching orders continue to take the structure down and continue to focus on attractive new programs and be flexible to respond when it comes. I think we are seeing the ability to do that in the third quarter as it evolves. Could you tell me the second part of your question again?
Amitabh Passi - UBS: The second part was just it seems like most of the incremental volumes have been in what appeared to be smaller makes, smaller model cars.
Tom Lynch: I think that is definitely the case and electronic content is lower in that case, but relatively, it is still on the newer cars that come out of a similar, let's say, category, small car, midsize. There is more content because there is more airbags, there is the move in Asia and U.S. with (inaudible) brakes and I should say vehicle stability systems. There is more entertainment. The entertainment systems are moving from high-end options to more standard in some cases. But no question, a high-end vehicle has more content than a midsize or low end. So that is a little bit of pressure. We view that as more of a short-term thing because the whole history is people like to move up in cars. So we don't think that dynamic is going to change and it may be this way for a period of time for sure. Like I said, the way we are thinking about and the way we are managing the businesses, not assuming a recovery, being ready for one, but most importantly continuing to lower the cost structure so we can have an attractive business at much lower revenue.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Then just very quickly on your industrial markets, particularly some of the so-called late cycle markets, including your exposure to non-res construction. Do you have any concerns that we might actually see sort of a prolonged period of weakness in your industrial sort of segment? And then just wondering as the mix shifts, assuming consumer does relatively better, industrial maybe slightly worse, does that have any meaningful impact on your margins?
Tom Lynch: It puts a little pressure on the margins because generally the industrial margins are higher and they are more custom in nature, the products. We are concerned. The industrial markets are definitely lagging and this typically happens in the consumer markets. So I think there will be a lag effect on recovery. As we indicated, we expect industrial to be down in kind of 5% to 7% range sequentially in the third quarter.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: just my final question and maybe this is for Terrence. If we were to normalize for the adverse impact on margins from your inventory work-down, assuming we get back to sort of "more normalized margins". As demand recurs and revenues grow, how do we think about incremental operating margins? I mean is it roughly in the 20%, 25% range as revenues sort of grow?
Terrence Curtin: I think as Tom mentioned, early on, it should be higher because of the cost actions we have had, so I think you will be higher than that rate. I think once you hit the run rate, up above $12 billion, you will probably be in that range both early on because of the temporary actions we have and the suppression we want to keep on these lower levels, it should be higher than that.
Operator: Back to you, gentlemen.
John Roselli: Thank you, everyone for taking the time and Keith Kolstrom and myself will be around all day to take any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10:30 am today until May 6 at midnight. You may access AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701, entering the access code 992567. International participants dial 1-320-365-3844. Again, that access code is 992567. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Roselli - VP, IR Tom Lynch - CEO Terrence Curtin - CFO 
Analysts: Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Brian White - Collins Stewart Steven Fox - Bank of America Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Jim Suva - Citi William Stein - Credit Suisse Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Amitabh Passi - UBS
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to Tyco Electronics First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all phone participants are in a listen-only mode.  Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, John Roselli. Please go ahead, sir.
John Roselli: Thanks, Gail. Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics first quarter results for fiscal year 2009, and our outlook for the second quarter. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch, and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin.  During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at today's press release and read through the cautionary statement that we have included there.  In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items.  The press release and all related tables can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website, at tycoelectronics.com.  Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. I am going to give you an overview of our performance, and some headlines of what's going on in the business. Then I will turn it over to Terrence Curtin, who will walk you through our Q1 results in detail, and provide you a status of the cost actions we are taking in response to current conditions.  It is a bit of an understatement, but this is clearly a tough business environment and, in many ways, unprecedented. It does not feel good, frankly, but despite the circumstances I will talk a little bit more about this later on. I am glad we are in the kind of company that we are in. It that has financial strength; it is a leader. Besides driving cash and getting the cost out, the other key area we are focusing on is making sure that we really do come out with some competitive advantage after all of this. I will touch on some of the things we are doing in this regard further in the call.  Let me talk about the first quarter. We expected a tough first quarter, when we were on the call with you three months ago. It turned out to be even tougher than we thought, as a result of continuing and weakening demand through the quarter. 
 : We saw, and we continue to see, weakness across virtually all our markets served by our Components segment, and it is in all regions of the world. Asia is just as soft as Europe right now.  In Q1, sales in this segment were down 25% year-over-year and orders were down 34%. Based on the current order levels, we expect the Component segment sales to decline in the neighborhood of 40% in Q2. This is an additional 15% decline from our Q1 revenue levels (inaudible) we expect them to be down about 40% in Q2.  You can see that across our Components business the weakness is very broad-based. However, we do have areas like aerospace and medical that are holding up okay. In our big markets, computer, appliance, Automotive, business is very soft.  Now, it is clear that we are being impacted by both end user demand and inventory reductions by our customers. This inventory reduction is pretty much occurring in every end market. Just to give you a little bit of a flavor; in our European Automotive business, our sales were down 36% organically in Q1, compared to European new car sales and production being down in the range of 20% to 25%.  Everybody in the chain is aggressively trying to adjust their inventories, not only in line with the current low levels of demand. Everybody is trying to preserve their liquidity situation. We are definitely in the middle of that, and we are feeling the effects of that in a big way. We do expect those inventory adjustments to continue through the second quarter.  In our other three segments; Networks, Wireless and Undersea, which serve primarily industrial and infrastructure markets and account for about 30% of our revenue, sales declined organically 6%.  Now these are longer cycle markets in nature and we would expect less volatility in demand. We are seeing our customers being increasingly cautious in their spending levels in the current environment.  Let me touch on each of them a little bit. In our Network segment, sales will be down about 10% year-over-year in Q2. Within the Energy and Telecom businesses, within that segment, sales will be down slightly. Again, the demand is holding up, and in our building networks business we are going to be down about 20%. We saw those trends in the building networks business start last quarter. Our Undersea, Telecom and our Wireless segments will be about flat with last year. In Undersea and Wireless, order rates continue to remain pretty solid. Overall, with this kind of demand environment and the inventory correction going on; Q2 is going to be weaker than Q1.  We currently expect that our Q2 sales would be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion. This is a 32% to 35% decline from last year's $3.7 billion, and it is a sequential revenue decline of about 11% to 14%. Now, we are not sure how long this situation is going to last; I am not sure anybody is out there. We are taking a number of actions both to sort things up in the short-term, as well as to make sure that we come out with better leverage when the business starts growing. Fundamentally, we are very focused on improving our competitive position. It is not just about cost; we are also focusing on making sure we strengthen our competitive position. Let me go through a few of reasons why I feel despite the current circumstances, continue to feel very good about our prospects. As the world leader in interconnect, we are continuing to invest in new technologies, and we are also focused on improving our engineering productivity, so better solutions, faster, more products, those are very key to growing in this business. The long term drivers of our markets are still attractive. Of course, they do not feel so great right now. When you step back and when you look at what drives this business, which is fundamentally smarter electronics in almost every applications in the world, you know, it is a good business to be in.  These electronics enable new features. We all know about the drive for energy efficiency and alternative energy solutions. There's higher data speeds required in virtually all of our products; so this kind of fundamental dynamic, while slowing down right now, really plays to our strength because of the significant amount of resources we have in sales, marketing and engineering around the world. It is also a time when customers need to know that their key suppliers are financially viable. Not only that they are going to be here for the short term, but that they can continue to invest in innovation in years to come. I think there is no question that our customers can count on us for that.  We are seeing a little bit of evidence out there that the customers are starting to look to their strongest suppliers for new programs, and we are making sure we are going to be in a position to take advantage of that.  We also continue to make organizational changes, to strengthen our company for the long-term. We are taking four businesses with high growth potential our Aerospace, Medical, TouchSystems and Circuit Protection businesses, which are currently part of our Electronic Components segment, and are moving them into a newly created Specialty Products Group.  That is not the most creative name in the world, but the purpose of this move is to increase the focus on growth in these businesses and we have recently included a new leader to run this group. These businesses represent about $1.6 billion of annual revenue. We have a range of products in these businesses, and we expect that these will be high growth for us as things begin to return to normal.  In the second quarter, we will begin to report this Specialty Products Group as a separate new segment to give you more insight into what's going on there.  In addition, in other areas of organization as I discussed on the last call, we have combined two of our largest interconnect businesses within electronics Components, what we used to call our computer and communications business and our global industrial business.  We put them into one business late last calendar year. That merger, so-to-speak, is going very well, and we expect to get significant improvements in operating leverage, technology and market scale out of it.  Let me talk about our cost and productivity improvement plans. As you know, before we launched. 
John Roselli: We are going to actually move to a different location. We understand there is a lot of static on the other end. If you could just bear with us for a couple of minutes, we will be back on.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, once again, please remain on the line. Your host line will be re-established momentarily.
John Roselli: Thank you for holding. We apologize for that. We had a serious static issue in the previous room we were using. We are going to resume now. Tom's going to start at the beginning, and we will go through it. Please bear with us if you did hear clearly. Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, everyone. I will speed it up a little bit on the first part of this. Apologize for that. I guess when it rains it pours. As I was saying, we expected a tough first quarter and it certainly turned out to be tougher than we thought, as a result of continued weakening in demand throughout the quarter.  This was felt especially in our Components segment, where approximately two-thirds of our sales are related to consumer markets, and in the first quarter it was the consumer-related businesses that were hit the hardest.  In Q1, sales in the segment were down 25% year-over-year and orders were down 34%. Based on this rate of orders, we expect Component segment sales to decline about 40% in Q2. This is an additional 15% decline, from our Q1 revenue levels, and of course as would you imagine, our Automotive business, which is our largest business is also going to be down about 40% in Q2. It was down 31%, organically in Q1. Now, it is pretty clear that this is a combination of weak end demand, coupled with significant inventory corrections going on. Everybody in the supply chain is trying to get their inventory in lines and shore up their liquidity as fast as possible which is exacerbating the inventory declines.  Just to give you a little bit of a flavor for this, European new car sales and production in our first quarter were down in the 20% to 25% range, and our volume was down 36%; so, clearly a significant inventory piece.  We are also seeing the same kind of adjustments in mobile phones and the computer end markets. We do expect that this trend is going to continue through the quarter, through the second quarter. In our other three segments; Networks, Wireless and Undersea, which serve primarily industrial and infrastructure markets and account for about 30% of our revenue, sales declined 6% organically. These markets are longer cycle in nature and we would expect less volatility in demand, but our customers are clearly being cautious in their spending levels, because of the uncertain environment.  Let me talk a little bit more specifically about these segments. In our networks segment, sales we will be down about 10% year-over-year in Q2. In energy and telecom, we will be down slightly and in enterprise, which is our building networks business we will be down about 20%.  In the Undersea, Telecom and Wireless segment, order levels so far are holding up, and we expect revenue to be about flat this last year. When you take all this into account, the weak demand environment, the inventory correction going on, Q2 is going to be a weaker quarter than Q1.  We currently expect that our Q2 sales will be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion. This is a decline of about 32% to 35% from last year's $3.7 billion; and it is a sequential decline in the range of 11% to 14%.  Now, as I mentioned earlier, these are clearly really difficult times, and our business is definitely right in the middle of all these tough times. When I step back and look at the company from a distance; there are a lot of good things going on in the company. The fundamentals, once we get through this, will remain strong. I want to share just a few things, why I remain really bullish about our company. First and foremost, we are the leader in the interconnect industry, we continue to invest in new technologies and we are also focusing on improving engineering productivity. We need to continue to drive new solutions for the customers even though demand is way down. They need solutions that are integral to their architectures in the future.  The long-term market drivers are still attractive. Doesn't feel that way right now but, again, the demand for smarter electronics, which enable new features, energy efficiency or alternative energy solutions and higher data speeds in almost all applications, to name a few, is not going to slow down, and this plays to our strength with our 5,000, 6,000 sales folks out there calling on customers and our roughly 7,000 engineers designing products and introducing products into our factories.  In a time like this, it is really important that customers know that their key suppliers are financially viable and continue to invest. In this regard, we are beginning to see some early evidence that the key customers are looking more to their stronger suppliers for new programs, and we will be prepared to capitalize on that. We also continue to make organization changes to strengthen our company for the long term. We have recently taken four businesses with high growth potential; our Aerospace, Medical, TouchSystems and Circuit Protection business units and which are currently part of our Electronic Component segment, and are moving them into the newly-created Specialty Products group.  The purpose of this move is to increase the focus on growth in these businesses and we have also recently recruited a new leader from outside the company to run this group. Today, these businesses represent about $1.6 billion of annual revenue and they all have attractive growth characteristics and very nice product offerings, and this is a group of businesses that we have high expectations for. We will begin to report them as a separate segment in Q2. In addition, as I discussed on the last call, we have combined two of our largest interconnect businesses within Electronics Components, Computer, Communications and Industrial into one, in order to better leverage our operating technology and market scale.  The way to think about this new business is, it is principally an interconnect business, now that we have taken some of these other more niche businesses out of it and put them into Specialty Products. Let me touch briefly, and Terrence will cover this a little more later on, on our cost and productivity programs.  As you know, when we launched almost two years ago, this was a key focus of us, to restructure the company, especially our manufacturing footprints, so that we could increase our operating leverage. We've made good progress on the footprint simplification efforts.  By the end of this fiscal year, we expect to have less than 100 manufacturing facilities, and that represents a decrease of about 25% from where we were at the beginning of fiscal 2007. Admittedly, the benefits of these actions are a little hard to see right now, because at the rate at which the volume is declining, is overwhelming it a bit, but we are making good progress there in both taking the cost out and simplifying the business.  The key to these actions or really the goal of all these actions is to make sure that we can get to 12% operating margins at about a $12 billion sales level, which then will enable us as normal sales growth comes back, to continue to move towards our 15% operating income goal. We have not taken our eye off that. It is going to take a little bit longer obviously because of what's going on in the global economy. I still believe that in the mid-term, that is the right target for our company.  Last, but certainly not least, in this regard, we have a strong balance sheet, and I expect us to continue to generate solid cash flow, even at these low business levels. We did use cash in Q1, but this is typically our weakest quarter, as we come off our year-end, and frankly we are still chasing the business down from a production standpoint, so our inventory grew in the quarter.  If business were to continue at the Q2 levels, I would expect us to generate free cash flow in excess of $800 million, excluding cash restructuring outlays and that is $800 million for the year. A couple of other topics; as regards our wireless business, the State of New York contract: on January 15th, the state notified us that they were terminating the contract for the state-wide wireless network. This was not a surprise, but we believe that state's termination is improper and we stand by the system we delivered. Just a note, we have more than 400 systems currently in use in operations and we continue to win new projects. Our backlog is at the strongest level it is ever been in this business and in just the last two weeks we have won three important new strategic projects with an initial value of about $100 million. We also announced on January 14, that our Board had approved a proposed change of the company's place of incorporation from Bermuda to Switzerland. This proposed move is subject to shareholder approval and if approved, we would expect this would become effective during the second calendar quarter. Now, I am going to turn it over to Terrence Curtin, our CFO who will walk you through in more detail on our performance and then I will come back to talk about our outlook and answer your questions.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Tom and good morning everyone. Let me start by reviewing the sales performance by segment and end market, and then I will review our earnings, margins, cost actions and a few other items. Starting with our largest segment, Electronic Components, sales declined 25% in the quarter and were down 22% organically. The decline was broad-based with EMEA and Asia being down approximately 25% and the Americas being down 16%. These decreases were in almost all end markets, particularly hard-hit by the consumer related markets. Let me spend some time on the major consumer markets that we serve in the segment. In the Automotive market, our sales declined 35% overall and 31% organically. This was worse than we expected coming into the quarter as OEMs made deeper cuts in production to reduce vehicle inventory levels and this had a corresponding ripple effect throughout the entire supply chain. We estimate that global production was down 20% to 25% in the quarter. From a geography perspective, our sales in Europe declined 36% organically; North America, we experienced a 33% decline, and in Asia, we declined 22%. We do expect a further drop in global production in quarter two, particularly in Asia, where OEM production levels are forecast to be down as much as 40% year-over-year. In two other important consumer markets, computer and mobile phones, our sales declined 30% organically reflecting declines in both end unit demand coupled with supply chain adjustments. In the mobile area, despite the market slowdown, we continue to make good progress broadening our product offering, and our customer base in this market. Now, let me cover the major industrial and infrastructure markets served by Components. In the aerospace and defense market, we grew 1% organically. Sales to distributors, which account for approximately 40% of our sales in this market, were down much more than the overall market, as we saw distributors aggressively reduce their inventory positions. Order rates have slowed, particularly in the commercial portion of this market, and we do expect revenues in quarter two to be slightly down organically on a year-over-year basis. On a positive note, we have increased our content on new Boeing and Airbus platforms, and we expect to see the benefit from these wins later in our year. In the industrial equipment market which for us include traditional industrial equipment, HVAC, and building equipment as well as the solar programs we talked about, our sales were down 9% or an organic basis. Demand for these solar products that we sell, we still continue to see growth there, however we have seen the rates slow and then in the industrial equipment and commercial building side, these markets are certainly being impacted by the global slowdown and we do expect this to continue as people trim back on capital spending. Finally, in the communication infrastructure market, sales declined 13% organically. We do see these sales being impacted by lower capital spending by both businesses and telecom operators. Now, let me turn to our Network Solutions segment, where we had a sales decline of 11% on a reported basis and 2% organically. Sales to the energy market grew 3% organically in the quarter. We did experience solid growth in North America and emerging markets which more than offset a continued slowing in EMEA. The structural changes that we made in our go to market organization in North America over the past two years, we are now beginning to see the benefits as we are picking up share gain. This North America market in the energy space has historically been an under penetrated market for us. In the building networks market, our sales declined 5% organically. As we stated on the last call, order trends in this market have continued to slow as project delays have become more common, particularly projects related to new commercial construction. As Tom mentioned, we expect sales in this market to decline further in quarter two. Finally, our sales to the communications service provider market declined 5% organically. While we continue to see customers select to invest in fiber-to-the-home and broadband wireless projects, spending on upgrades and maintenance of existing networks, we have seen slowed. In our Undersea Telecommunications segment, as expected, sales declined 16% organically versus the prior year, due to the construction of the large transpacific project last year which is now complete. New project activity has slowed from last year's base but remains solid. Our backlog in the segment remains over $1 billion, and we continue to expect full year sales of approximately $900 million. For quarter two, we expect sales in this segment to be similar to quarter one levels. Finally, in our wireless system segment, our sales grew 5% organically, and we continue to build backlog as Tom mentioned. Now, let me talk about our operating income and margins. Overall, we had a loss from operations of $21 million on a GAAP basis. This loss included $78 million of restructuring costs, $111 million of charges related to the termination of our New York wireless project, and $17 million of litigation items. Adjusting for these items, our operating income was $185 million in the quarter and our adjusted operating margin was 6.6% compared to 13.9% in the prior year. The decline is driven almost entirely by our Component segment due to the significant sales decline, as well as approximately $50 million of hedging losses related to certain Eastern European currencies which I discussed on the last earnings call. These currency losses impacted our margin by 180 basis points. If you adjust for these hedging losses, our operating margin was 8.4% which is down 550 basis points over prior year. If you look at gross margin, our adjusted gross margin was 22%, compared to 25% in the prior year. Just to remind you, our research development and engineering expenses of approximately $150 million per quarter and that runs about 5% of sales at these revenue levels are included in gross margin. The main driver of the decline in gross margin was the 22% organic sales decline we experienced in our Components segment. In our other three segments, gross margins were flat with the prior year. Specifically, lower volumes reduced our gross margin by approximately 400 basis points. We were able to recover about 100 basis points through the cost actions, but we are not able to keep up with the pace of the volume decline. To give you a sense of the actions we were able to execute in the quarter, we reduced our manufacturing related headcount by 8,000 employees and total headcount by about 9,000 by the end of the first quarter. The reductions were through a combination of elimination of temporary workers, attrition, and a reduction in force. We do have additional actions in process and will continue to reduce our manufacturing costs where we can to adjust to the volume levels. Our current expectation is that we will reduce our headcount by approximately 20% for actions that we are taking and certainly that percentage will be higher in the manufacturing area than in the engineering, selling and G&A areas. The remaining reduction that we saw in operating margin was driven by negative leverage on our overhead structure. When you adjust for the currency losses that I mentioned previously, our adjusted SG&A was down approximately $20 million from the prior year but up as a percentage of sales as we were not able to reduce at the same pace as the sales decline. Now, our margins, both gross and operating will be lower as we move into quarter two as we see further volume declines and also we'd bring down our inventory levels. Now let me talk about the State of New York restructuring and litigation charges we recorded in the quarter, starting with the State of New York wireless contract. We recorded a $111 million charge related to the state's termination of the contract earlier this month. The charge includes a $61 million impairment of the assets, basically the assets we had on our balance sheet for the system, as well as a $50 million related to a payment to the state in January under a standby letter of credit. On restructuring, we incurred $78 million of charges which related primarily to a reduction of the employees as part of our cost actions. In the quarter we incurred $17 million of charges related to litigation. Of this, $9 million related to our share of settlements for the Tyco International legacy shareholder litigation and the remaining $8 million related to a several year old product liability matter in our Components segment. Now, looking at items below the operating line, net interest expense was $36 million in the quarter, which was down versus last year reflecting lower net debt levels. Our other income and expense was an expense of $1 million, which was worse than our estimate of approximately $13 million of income. The difference was due to one-time adjustment related to the tax sharing agreement with Tyco International and Covidien that negatively affected other income, but also reduced our income tax expense in the quarter. Our tax rate on adjusted income was 30% in the quarter. This rate is lower than guided as the non-taxable negative effect of the hedging losses was offset by a positive one-time adjustment to tax expense that I mentioned previously in other income. For the second quarter, we expect a similar tax rate as quarter one. Our cash taxes paid in the quarter were $64 million in and our cash tax rate on adjusted income was 43%. This is significantly higher than our typical 20% rate, as cash taxes paid in the quarter really relate to prior year tax returns where we had much higher income levels. Now, let me talk about cash flow. Cash flow from operations was $33 million and free cash flow was a use of $79 million. The decline in free cash flow compared to last year was primarily due to lower operating income and increased cash restructuring costs of approximately $40 million. Two areas I want to touch on are capital spending and inventory. On the capital side, we reduced spending from approximately $170 million per quarter run rate at the end of 2008 to $116 million in quarter one. We will continue to manage our capital spending at a lower rate, and I expect it will be below $500 million in 2009 compared to the $619 million we spent in 2008. On inventory, the rapid deterioration in demand prevented us from reducing inventory in the first quarter. With our sales level at these lower amounts, we would expect to see further liquidation of our working capital over the next several quarters, including a reduction of inventories to get more in line with current business levels. With respect to share repurchase, we used $125 million to repurchase $6 million of shares early in the quarter. We had approximately $600 million remaining on our share repurchase program at quarter end. We have suspended the repurchase of shares due to the uncertainty in the current economic environment and we expect to resume the program once market conditions stabilize. Now let me update you on the cost actions as we enter into the second quarter. Remember that on our last call we laid out cost improvement actions in three main areas; manufacturing simplification; secondly, SG&A overhead; and thirdly, commodity tailwinds. In the manufacturing simplification area we are making good progress, but these actions do take time to execute, particularly in Europe. We communicated that we expect $40 million in savings in 2009 from actions taken in prior years and these savings continue to be on track. On the SG&A front, we initiated $100 million of annualized cost reductions in the quarter. We expect to generate about another $10 million of savings from these actions in Q2 when compared to quarter one, and we will reach the full quarterly run rate by quarter three. We also remain fully on track in this area. Finally, with respect to metals, we expected a full year tailwind of approximately $75 million from the decline in copper prices. This tailwind will now be diluted by lower production volumes. When we look at the current volume levels where we are at, the inventory reduction efforts and considering the amount of copper that we fixed with our supply base coming into the year, full year savings would be approximately $25 million and would be achieved later in the year. Finally, for the second quarter, we expect to incur approximately $125 million of costs related to restructuring actions, including the initiation of two additional plant closures that we recently announced; one in the US and one in Europe. The majority of this charge relates to headcount reductions as we continue to reduce both manufacturing and indirect headcount in line with volume. We currently expect full 2009 costs to be about $250 million and we expect cash spending to also be approximately $250 million in 2009. The cash spending Component does include both current year actions and prior year actions. As Tom stated, the benefits of these actions in total should allow us to get back to an operating margin in the 12% plus range at a $12 billion annualized sales level. Now, let me turn it back to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. I am going to talk about Q2 and then wrap it up and we will open it up for questions. As I covered earlier, we expect our Q2 sales will be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion, which is a 32% to 35% decline from last year's $3.7 billion. This sales decline coupled with our efforts to reduce our inventory will result in further reductions to our gross margin, as Terrence indicated. As a result, we expect the Electronic Components segment to have an adjusted operating loss in Q2. For the overall company, we expect adjusted earnings per share in the range of $0.05 to $0.10, and when you include the impact of the restructuring costs, this will result in a GAAP loss of $0.10 to $0.15 per share. Now, while we are not giving full year guidance, I would expect if end demand in our customers' markets levels out even at these low levels, our sales should begin to recover sequentially in Q3 as inventories in the supply chain get back to a little more normal level. Clearly, it is too early to tell to say this with confidence right now. Just to summarize what I mentioned earlier, the strategy that we launched two years ago and the financial goals that we set out, which were basically to strengthen our portfolio, position the business to grow consistently at 5% to 7% and deliver a 15% operating earnings in fiscal 2010, are still the right goals for us. Obviously, the timeframe has changed because of what's been going on in the global economy. We have not taken our eye off these goals. In the meantime, we are focused on four key areas. One, ensure our liquidity and strong financial position by reducing inventory and carefully managing our capital expenditures. Two, continue to invest in engineering and key technology. It is the bread and butter of the company and one of the real strengths of the company. Our staying power in these kinds of times is going to enable us to continue that, although we will continue to drive efficiency in this area. Three, as Terrence took you through, continue to aggressively reduce costs, especially discretionary costs and accelerate structural efficiency. That is the big thing we are doing. Obviously, we are not spending anything. We do not have to. Beyond that, it is continuing to do things to make the company more efficient from a structural point of view like the org changes I talked about, certainly the expanded manufacturing and footprint simplification. Last, but not least, very high priority, make sure we capitalize on opportunities as they arise. As I mentioned earlier, in these times our long history with our customers is more important than it is ever been, and they know they can count on us. We are out there, reminding them of that everyday. We are certainly not alone in this environment, but I remain confident that with our solid competitive and financial position, we are going to be able to navigate through these times and we are going to emerge a stronger company when business improves. I realize that is easy to say, but I feel like the things that we have been driving for the last 18 months to two years, and that we are going to continue driving are paying off, it is hard to see in volume, in an environment when your sales are down 25% to 35%. With that, we will open it up for questions, and I apologize again for the technical problems.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will go to Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi. Good morning. Looking at some of the additional restructuring announcements, as well as that 12% EBIT margin target, that requires, I guess, $12 billion in sales. What would you believe consolidated EBIT margins would be with the current sales run rate if we level out here in the June quarter? How much of these additional moves would flow into 2009 in terms of a dollar amount? Would any of these moves get the Electronics Components business back to break even in the June quarter?
Tom Lynch: Right now, with the actions we are taking, when we get through them all, and they do not all hit this year, it is about $300 million worth of cost savings. We would expect to be in the neighborhood of a $200 million savings run rate as we end the year. What that would do, if volumes stayed at our Q2 level, is to put us in the mid-single digit adjusted operating earnings range. What was the last part of your question?
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: It was about the incremental savings from some of the actions announced this quarter, and whether the Electronic Components business would be breakeven in the June quarter? It does not sound like it, at least from the initial commentary.
Terrence Curtin: Shawn, on that, certainly right now components is being hit very heavy with volume, as well as, as we go through and we reduce our inventories. When you look at that, with the cost actions Tom laid out, you know, it would be around breakeven where we are at certainly, it will also be dependent upon how fast we take our inventory out.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. With the $200 million savings run rate, how much of that is incremental this year from what we have already witnessed in 2008?
Terrence Curtin: All of that is incremental.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Given the fact that you have suspended the share repurchase program, and maybe priorities for cash usage right now, or are you willing to let it build on the balance sheet until things begin to stabilize and then you start up the program again or do you have acquisition potentially you are looking at in this down market?
Terrence Curtin: Let me talk about one part, and then Tom can talk through the acquisitions. When you look at it, Tom mentioned $800 million of free cash flow if we stay at this level before restructuring cash. I mentioned there is about $250 million of restructuring cash that we will do as we go through these actions this year, and then certainly we have our dividend, which also runs about $290 million per year. They will be the first two priorities, Shawn. Capital above that, we will certainly retain as we go through this uncertain time. They are the priorities right now. Tom?
Tom Lynch : That is absolutely right, maintain our liquidity, pay the dividends, but we continue to scan in these environments, because there are going to be, I think we talked about it last quarter as well, more opportunities. We are going to be very selective as we said. Up until now, most of our efforts have been strengthening the portfolio through divesting. Clearly, we believe that there are a number of areas that we are going to want to make acquisitions in, but we have to make sure we do first things first
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Just following up on that, there is been no discussion on looking at the dividend then at this point in time?
Tom Lynch : No.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Tom Lynch : Thanks, Shawn.
Operator: We will go to Brian White with Collins Stewart. Please go ahead.
Brian White - Collins Stewart: Good morning. I am wondering if you could talk just a little bit more about the auto markets in terms of the inventory levels that you see there? Also some of the plant shutdowns, what did you see they the December quarter? Is this carrying into the month of January?
Tom Lynch : Sure. There were unprecedented plant shutdowns over the holidays. Typically, many of the OEMs in the US and Europe will shut down for a couple weeks. I think the average was four to six weeks at virtually every major OEM in those two parts of the world. I am sure you have read about what is going on in Japan with Toyota shutting down and doing furloughs. It is pretty broad based right now. It feels like inventory is about twice as high as most of our customers would like it now. The shutdowns are starting to bleed that off and then the harness makers and the cams, the folks who make the subsystems, we actually get specked in by the OEMs, so we sell through them. They are working their inventory down as well. As I said earlier, if demand were to stabilize now, it is going to still take through the rest of this quarter and into part of the third quarter to get inventory levels balanced. Once that happens, then you should see our revenue start to track with end demand
Brian White - Collins Stewart: On the restructuring, I just want to be clear, when the down-sizing in the March quarter is finished, are you saying that in the last two quarters you reduced your workforce by 25%?
Terrence Curtin: 20%. Some of that will happen in Q3, but when you look at that, we started the year right around 94,000 employees. You're basically going to have approximately 20,000 employees out, certainly, heavier weighted in the manufacturing area, as we bring down the manufacturing resources.
Brian White - Collins Stewart: Okay. Where is it more heavily weighted in terms of region of the world?
Tom Lynch : Asia by far that is where we have the most of our labor intense production jobs, although there is some in the US. As you know, we have been adjusting the US footprint in the past for a while, a little bit in the US, quite a amount in Asia in Q1, a fair amount in Europe and Asia in Q2.
Brian White - Collins Stewart: Thank you.
Tom Lynch : You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions; first of all just following up on the auto question, can you give us a sense of where you stand in terms of sales split between that go directly to OEM versus going to Tier 1 or harness makers, how much exposure do you have and how much inventory is that, which different level in the supply chain do you think?
Bank of America: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions; first of all just following up on the auto question, can you give us a sense of where you stand in terms of sales split between that go directly to OEM versus going to Tier 1 or harness makers, how much exposure do you have and how much inventory is that, which different level in the supply chain do you think?
Tom Lynch : Most of our sales go to the harness makers and the cams as to Tier 1. We do not sell very much directly to the OEM. Although, the vast majority of what we do sell is specked in. The way it works is, we actually do the selling and the engineering early on in the architecture, heavily with the OEM, but the shipments actually go to the harness makers who attach the connectors or to the Tier 1, Boschs of the world, who put the headers together.
Steven Fox: Given that you are seeing more concern about those suppliers to the OEM, for instance, Visteon, there is been talk about Visteon potentially filing for bankruptcy. Can you talk about how you're protecting yourself, since it is a more fragmented customer base, how do you feel about your receivables there?
Bank of America: Given that you are seeing more concern about those suppliers to the OEM, for instance, Visteon, there is been talk about Visteon potentially filing for bankruptcy. Can you talk about how you're protecting yourself, since it is a more fragmented customer base, how do you feel about your receivables there?
Terrence Curtin: Steve, it is Terrence. Number one, Visteon we have no exposure to it.
Steven Fox - Bank of America: Okay.
Terrence Curtin: Taken action previously with Visteon to make sure, we manage our credit risk. Certainly, we are monitoring across all of our industries, not just automotive or customers. When you look at our receivables, certainly our largest customer, which is in the automotive space, is less than 4% of our receivables. Our receivables continue to be good, collections are steady, but we are monitoring that actively. We have taken actions, like we did with Visteon, where appropriate. It is really a day-to-day monitoring that we are doing in this environment to protect ourselves.
Steven Fox - Bank of America: Great. That is very helpful. Just two clarifications; basically the restructuring that you just reviewed, I mean there were two plant closing announcements. Would you characterize everything on plan? There is been no acceleration of the plans or? It seems like everything is steady state with where you thought it would be about three months ago, is that fair?
Terrence Curtin: I think right now, Steve I would say it is on plan. As, you know, at the end of summer last year, we announced three significant actions in Europe. Still working through those; they are on plan. These two additional ones, we recently announced here. The bulk of the cost take out right now is just getting production levels in line with the current low levels of demand. Our intention is to accelerate some programs, if possible, that were originally intended in 2010 until later this year. We need to get through the five we have just announced in the last few months and the five that we were winding down before that. We have about 10 actions that we are closing out, as we speak.
Steven Fox - Bank of America: Okay, fair enough. Lastly, could you give some clarification on the decision to reduce your exposure to the commercial paper market in the quarter?
Tom Lynch: Steve, that reduction was done back in right when the commercial paper was disrupted back in October.
Steven Fox - Bank of America: Okay.
Tom Lynch: Actually, right after year-end and I believe we talked about in the last call. When the market got disrupted and it was challenged, we did go into our credit facility for about $190 million. We are in the commercial paper market actively, but we have had what we have put in our credit facility, we have maintained onto that. We still have access to the commercial paper market, and we anticipate we will.
Terrence Curtin: We did bring down debt about $200 million in the quarter. As what we are maintaining capital as Tom talked about.
Steven Fox - Bank of America: Okay. In other words, that whole change on the cash flow all appeared in October, when things were at the worst?
Tom Lynch: Correct.
Steven Fox - Bank of America: Okay. That is helpful. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: We will go to Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, thanks. I just want to ask a question regarding your revenue guidance and the confidence that you have it. In fact, the range looks a little bit more narrow considering that it looks like it is going to be very back-end loaded quarter. You talked about inventory reductions at your customers. Could you talk about the confidence that you have, what backlog looks like, what book-to-bill looks like in the areas where the range specifically in end-markets, where the range should be a little bit wider?
Terrence Curtin: If you look at our Components segment, we are going to be down about 40%. Clearly, that is the piece that is getting hit hardest. That reflects the order rates we have been seeing. The orders for the last few weeks coming out of the holiday time have settled in around where they were in November, before the holiday time. I mean, there is not enough data points there to call it a trend. I guess as much confidence as can you have in this environment, as well as based on what your backlog is. In our other businesses, the orders are softened. They are holding up and we are looking at their wireless and undersea being about flat. That is all in the backlog, for those two. That is not really contingent on any orders really at all. In our networks business, we are going to be down about 10%; that is a little softer than Q4. I think I feel reasonably confident. I mean it is a pretty low-level of business being off 35%. If you look at the dull weather of companies in the industries that we sell to, whether it is semiconductors or that could compare to handsets, automotive, their end demand is not down that much. A big part of this, as we mentioned earlier, is inventory correction, but it is hard to call, I mean.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah. Sure. It sounds like you have seen at least a little bit of stabilization in terms of daily order run rates even though it is at a much lower level?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, we have. I feel a lot better and we have a couple more weeks like that and starting with the beginning of December, we hadn't seen that until this point. That is what our forecast is based around.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Just as a follow-up, concerning the pricing environment. Are you expecting customers to come out and are you expecting lower ASPs once volume orders come back?
Tom Lynch: We are going to see more price pressure. I think there is more, certainly customers are, when you go see them, they talk about hey, in this environment you need to give us lower prices. I mean, our position as well, the agreements we entered into with you were at volumes that were significantly higher. As you know, especially in the interconnect business, every particular project or opportunity is its own negotiation. Our Q1, our pricing did not deteriorate. It is pretty much held on, and that is one thing that we are being very disciplined about. We have to play it out. We do not want to lose good business, for sure. I would expect that there will be a little more price erosion. So far, we haven't seen it and we haven't lost any new awards, because we are not willing to drop price. It is something you have to watch every day.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: We will go to Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citi: Thank you. Regarding your EPS outlook of a nickel to a dime, I understand that the inventory work down has a big impact. Maybe can you split out of how much inventory you expect to work down? What did that do to EPS and/or margins for the March quarter? Do you think it will be all worked through in the March quarter or is this multi-quarter work down that Tyco and the supply chain needs to work through?
Tom Lynch: If you look at the second quarter, we estimate right now that that will have about a 200 basis point impact on our margin as we work through our inventories. With what we are planning to, we will need probably more than a second quarter to work through it, to be fair. The plans that we have in place right now would be about a 200 basis point impact on our gross margin at that 2.4 to 2.5 level that we quoted.  I would anticipate, if we stay at that 2.5 level, around, we would need more time to work through inventory to continue to bring it down and continue to liquidate the working capital.
Jim Suva - Citi: Great. Regarding these tax sharing agreements that you have; can you remind us of how long they continue to go on? There has been a tremendous amount of volatility in the other income line as well as the tax sharing agreement and when we have you reincorporate to the other jurisdiction will that impact that at all?
Terrence Curtin: Yes, number one; let me take the second half of your question first. Moving to Switzerland from Bermuda does not change the tax sharing agreement. That relates to legacy Tyco liabilities that all three of us share. Just changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of our parent company does not impact that. These relate to open tax matters that go back to 1997, up to basically the date of separation. This will be ongoing for quite some time, as we go through audits, both in the US and in other places. You will see, as you have seen, some adjustments as matters are closed out or settled. What you saw in the quarter are other income that we guided, about 13% came down to $1 million of expense. Almost the exact same corresponding effect was the benefit in our income tax expense. Net-net it had a very negligible impact on EPS. I think it was about a penny. Due to how the arrangement is set up, we will continue to have volatility through that for quite some time.
Jim Suva - Citi: Quite great. As a housekeeping item, is there any precedence or have you been notified by Standard and Poor's about inclusion or exclusion the S&P 500 for this change?
Operator: Our next question will come from William Stein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: I'm going to wind up asking that one as well. First, I'd like to focus on inventory. Was kind of surprised, I think it was down slightly, but I think there was a $61 million write-down from state of New York, which would imply inventories excluding that actually grew in a quarter where sales were down pretty significantly sequentially. Can you help us understand how that happened?
Terrence Curtin: Let me handle the first part here. Inventories grew about $100 million, when you take out what you said, State of New York, when you look at the face of the balance sheet. You got to that take $61 million out. When you remove currency effects it grew slightly over $100 million.  It really was us trying to chase it down. When we started the quarter, we assumed we were going to be around $3 billion. That is where we were loaded to and really late in the quarters when it slipped.  From that viewpoint, we built inventory which now we have to work out like we talked about both in Q2, and if it stays at a lower level after that. From that viewpoint, that definitely inventory, when you look at the cash flow, is an area where when you look at working capital, we have to make ground up there, based upon where the market ran away from us in quarter one.
Tom Lynch: I would add to that Will, that we definitely cut production in Q1 versus Q4 of last year, but we did not cut it enough. I think it just a simple way of saying it. We were planning for that higher sales level and we just did not cut it enough. It is not an area that I think we shined on in the quarter.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Based on the current guidance for the March revenue, can you give us an idea of where you are targeting inventories to wind up?
Terrence Curtin: Basically, we are shooting right now in the range of basically recovering about what we built in quarter one, to give you a range. Certainly, that varies by market and what we are trying to take out, but basically taking out what that build was in quarter one, which is in excess of $100 million, and certainly if we can do more we will.
Tom Lynch: Yeah, we are being aggressive at the same time. Not only is demand down, but the demand we are getting is more volatile than we have seen it. Releases particularly from our biggest customers are changing quite dramatically from what the backlog is. It is a challenging environment, but we are making progress on the inventory.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just one follow-up if I can on the reincorporation. Can you give us a sense as to the timing on this, whether there is any impact on the P&L and whether you have considered that there may be a change in your index membership?
Terrence Curtin: Couple of things; timing-wise, we did file our S4 with the SEC. They have to review that and that is the process. As Tom mentioned, we would expect that we will be able to complete that in our fiscal Q3 or calendar Q2 as Tom mentioned. In that regard, we are on track for that.  When you look at impact to the financials, there really is none. When we did this move, we are moving to a place where we do have much more presence. It is in a big region, and from that viewpoint, similar to what I answered with Jim on the index incorporation we had not heard anything from S&P on that yet.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Will.
Operator: We will go to Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Just a question on the Electronics Components side on the auto degradation you guys saw. Can you just talk about what the monthly trends were in the December quarter and how does the month of Jan look like so far?
Tom Lynch: I mean October was worse than September, November was worse than October, and while we expected December to be worse than November, it was a lot worse. We saw really around the 10th or 15th of December on, just the orders even orders that were ready to ship were put on hold. It was pretty drastic and it was over close to 45% down in December.  January, as I mentioned earlier, is leveling off a little bit. We haven't seen enough to feel like it has bottomed out yet. I wouldn't argue that, it hasn't either, but it is not materially better. The factories are just coming back on. The OEMs are really just coming back on line. I think it is going to take several more weeks to sense where we are really at with their end demand. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Could you just maybe talk about how do we think about the wireless business at this point, post the State of New York decision because my understanding is that it the only reason it was considered part of core operations was because we have that program?
Terrence Curtin: First of all, all along, we viewed the wireless business as one of these parts of the portfolio with very high growth potential, because the reason we have been able to grow the business at double-digit rates and build the backlog and even with the trials and tribulations of New York have won significant businesses, because we really have state-of-the-art solution there, that especially in today's time, the need for interoperability is really very important, and it is IP based.  It is really the only system that is being installed out there that is IP based which very much gives public safety communications leaders a lot of flexibility. Our wireless team understands this. We need to have high growth, high margin profile for this business in order for us to keep investing in it.  We are all disappointed with the New York situation, but the team has ploughed through there and continued to win important deals. I think that is the most important thing for us right now, is to deliver on the other business we have and work through this dispute we have with New York.
Tom Lynch: Go ahead, sorry, Amit.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: I just had one quick one now. If you look at the last 10-K, it looks like the international pension plan is under funded by $670 million or so. Could you just talk about any thoughts on topping that off or is there any issue we should be aware of with regard to the international pension plan at least?
Terrence Curtin: Let me take that, Amit. When you look at the international pension plan, you can't think about the international pension plans like we think about US plans. Most of these plans do not have trusts and they are not funded plans, which is just how the plans are structured internationally. Certainly, it will be a commitment over time, but you do not do contributions to the vast majority of our international plan.  Most of our funding relates to the US plan, which was previously fully funded and is now slightly under-funded based upon market movements. But, the international plans really would not make contributions of any substance.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thanks a lot, guys.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Amit.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Amit
John Roselli:  We have time for two more questions, please.
Operator: We will go to Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, just a couple of quick clarifications and then one question. When you talked about the free cash flow goals of $800 million at existing levels, was that existing 1Q levels or where you expected to be in 2Q. If it is for where you are in 1Q; what's your expectations given what we know about 2Q?
Tom Lynch: It is based on second quarter level, Carter.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank:   Okay, great.
Tom Lynch: The key, as you know, is working off the working capital.
Terrence Curtin: Right.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Were you saying that you expect to reduce inventory by the $100 million that you have built in 2Q or is that in addition to the normal inventory reduction in conjunction with the sales decline?
Terrence Curtin: It will be to basically burn off what we built in quarter one by the end of Q2 and then certainly we will have to continue to go above that and some of that may come in Q2 or Q3.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Despite the sales decline, do you expect inventory to only decrease by about $100 million?
Terrence Curtin: It is about 150.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Lastly, why aren't we getting a little bit more aggressive here on the restructuring, given what we are seeing on the sales side? I know there is a lot of facilities in Europe where it takes 12 plus months to restructure, etcetera, but why aren't we trying to accelerate this sooner versus waiting until the second half of the year?
Terrence Curtin: Well, we have added two more in the US. We have three under way in Western Europe, which is quite a lot actually at one time. Because despite the volumes being down, we still have to be able to close the factories and the challenge there is it takes such a long time to work through with it you're always nip and tuck and then introduce those products into the receiving factory.  Our intention, as I said earlier, I think we said at last quarter too is definitely along those lines, to bring more restructuring in, but we have to get these three done or substantially complete and we are making good progress.  We are getting to a lot of the really critical milestones. You have to avoid the strikes and things like that. Even with volume being as much as it is down, if we would have a prolonged strike or something it would be pretty painful. We are making good progress there. Our intention is to definitely take advantage of the weakness out there and do more.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Would you say that management bandwidth at this point is the key bottleneck for more restructuring? Not necessarily just at the executive suite but in general.
Tom Lynch: It is risk reward. It is a balancing risk reward. I do not want to have more than three Western European auto plants in a state of transition at once. It is very, very expensive if you have a problem. You do not deliver for the customers, that is expensive in your reputation and it is expensive, and the penalties you could face and we have been avoiding that so far. We just really want to get further along on these and sort of be in to the last quarter of the game, so to speak on these, and then continue to move aggressively, because that is our plan.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Last question; you talked about a 12% operating margin at a $12 billion run rate. Looks like for the second quarter you'll be at roughly at $10 billion run rate. Would you be willing to comment on where that operating margin can go after the current restructuring is implemented at a $10 billion run rate?
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Yes, for the balance of the year on the second half of the year as I indicated. I think about mid-single digits. If we were to stay at $10 billion, obviously would have to do more and I would say you'd start moving up toward high single-digits.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Roselli : Okay. Well just one more question. 
Operator: We will go to Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Hi, thanks. I had a couple of clarifications, and then just a couple of quick questions. The first one was Terrence, I guess for you, the $0.05 to $0.10 guidance that you gave for the second quarter for EPS, I just wanted to confirm that there are no incremental losses anticipated in relation to currency hedges.
Terrence Curtin:  None.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : Okay. You might have given this, I missed it. I think you talked about a $250 million figure for full year '09 as far as your restructuring charges, cash restructuring charges. Did you give a number for the second quarter?
Terrence Curtin: We did not. It is for the full year. Certainly we are in the middle of executing. I would say the second quarter will be higher than about the $50 million we had in quarter one, but it will be how they execute out. I believe, right now, it will be between $50 million and $100 million for quarter two.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : Okay, great, thanks. Tom, this is for you. If indeed we were to see demand trends stabilizing a little bit, how do you envision sort of a potential restocking in the channel? Would you expect sort of a more gradual buildup as we progress through the rest of the year or could we potentially see a snapback for a quarter before we get back to a more gradual ramp?
Tom Lynch:  I think it would be more gradual given what everybody is going through. I think it is going to take a while for people to believe it is actually coming back. That is my own view.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : Okay, and then just my final question. I was hoping you could maybe help understand the dynamics in your Communication Equipment segment within Electronic Components and your Comp Service Provider segment within Network Solutions. One was down 5%, the other down 20%. Just any color in terms of the dynamics in those two areas?
Tom Lynch: Com equipment, that was down about 13% organically. Certainly, we are seeing on the com equipment side the inventory that we talked about in the channel and demand, we are seeing obviously the Telco operators spending being down about 5%, projected, as well as businesses cutting back on capital.  When you look at the communications service provider, what we saw in the quarter was slowing in US spending, but we did see some pickup in certain European carriers that for the past about year or so we have not seen. I would say the focus really is on fiber investment.  When you look at it, one is the com equipment would both have a business element as well as a telecom operator element, whereas the service provider is all telecom operator.
Terrence Curtin: The one portion of our networks business that was down 20% is our Enterprise or our building networks piece. That is a combination of new building construction really having slowed, and especially we are feeling it in the financial services market as IT spending has been cut really way back in light of the circumstances in that market. That is the one that was down 20.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks a lot. Thank you, Amit.
John Roselli: Okay. With that we will wrap up the call. Once again we apologize for the technical difficulties. Keith Kolstrom and I will be around all day to answer any follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us again and everyone have a good day.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks everyone.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:00 AM Eastern Time today through February 4th at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 977906. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701; International participants dial 320-365-3844 using the access code 977906.  This concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-11-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Roselli - VP, IR Tom Lynch - CEO Terrence Curtin - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Jim Suva - Citigroup Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs William Stein - Credit Suisse Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank NA Amitabh Passi - UBS
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Tyco Electronics Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only-mode. Later there'll be an opportunity for questions and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to Vice President, Investor Relations, John Roselli. Please go ahead.
John Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics' fourth quarter results for fiscal year 2008, our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009 and our thoughts on the full year. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, we ask you to read through the sections of our press release that addressed the use of these items. The press release and all related tables can be found on the Investor Relations portions of our website at tycoelectronics.com. Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks John. Good morning, everyone. Given the current challenging economic environment, we're going to focus the majority of this call on our current business conditions and give you a flavor of what we're seeing right now and also importantly talk about the actions we're taking to improve the company 2009 and beyond. I was just looking back for a minute, our Q4 performance overall was inline with our outlook, although in our electronic components segment which is about 75% of the company. Our conditions in most end markets especially automotive began the week... later in the quarter in this segment and automotive is about 40% of our component segment. We were able to offset this with continued strong execution in Undersea Telecommunications business and this will enabled us to deliver $0.69 of earnings per share which was up 19% of our last year's fourth quarter. In addition during the quarter, as you know we initiated the next major phase of our restructuring program which includes a closure of three automotive plans in Western Europe and that is tracking right now. We also had a another good cash flow quarter with free cash flow of 476 million and we completed the divestiture of two businesses for cash proceeds of 469 million. These two resulted in total cash generations of approximately 900 million in the quarter. For the full year our free cash flow is 1.4 billion and in addition to this we have the 600 million from divestitures. Our pre cash flow exceeded adjusted net income for the year. We also continued to return excess capitals to our shareholders to the dividend and share repurchase. During the fourth quarter, we purchased 12.5 million shares, were approximately 400 million and we also spent another 100 million on share repurchases so far this year. Overall in 2008, we made good progress in terms of strengthening our business portfolio improving our operating margins and strengthening our leadership. Now, as we look forward and as frankly we're experiencing right now, is clear that 2009 is going to be a much tougher year to the global economic slowdown. Tyco and we gave our fourth quarter outlook in July, we were anticipating comp slowdown in the consumer related market by our component segment, very late in the quarter we began to see further weakening of orders in these markets and in October, the order trended up significantly worst. Specifically our electronic component segment orders in October were down 20% year-over-year with our international automotive business especially market [ph]. Based on all the information we have, we now estimate that global automotive production levels in the industry to be down about 20% in the quarter and in the European market which is our largest slowdown has been especially severe. We expect our sales to be down close to 35% organically in the first quarter. Now as the point of reference, they were down 7% in Q4 and up 4% for the full year, so this has been a pretty sudden drop. We also expect a decline in the Asia Pacific region and the U.S. market continues to be very weak. As a result of all this, we now expect our automotive revenue to be down approximately 25% on an organic basis in Q1. This is pretty clear that this not only end demand related but it's an adjustment in the inventory and in the supply chain as well. Balance of the component segment, we expect to be down 5% to 10% organically and overall on the segment, we expect some organic growth that decline of approximately 15% in the first quarter. In the balance of our businesses, and I'll touch on each of that in a minute. We see business roughly flat in Q1 and in our network segment which is about 15% of the total company revenues or $2 billion on an annual basis. We expect revenues to be flat with last year with growth in the energy market offset by declines in the communication service provider and building networks market. FX being cut back in those markets. In the Undersea Telecom business we're likely be down about 5% year-over-year for the first quarter but this was expected last year in the first quarter we were ramping our big Trans-Pacific express job, we've not completed that job on the positive side; the backlog continues to be strong at 1.1 billion and we continued to see fair amount of good activity in this market. In our wireless segment, we haven't assumed any revenues related to the state of New York project and we'll talk more about that later. We expect that overall revenues in the first quarter to be about flat to prior year. Based on these trends; our Q1 sales are expected to be in the range of 2$.9 billion to $3 billion which is a decline of 16% to 19% overall, well 15% on an organic basis. With this level of sales; we expect adjusted earnings per share in the range of $0.24 to $0.28 and adjusted EPS of $0.62 in the prior year. This outlook does include an estimated loss of $0.10 per share related to mark-to-market adjustment of currency hedging activities. Terrence will take you through this in more detail in a few minutes. But if you exclude that loss for a minute our core operating earnings are going to be in the $0.34 to $0.38 range at volume of 2.9 billion to 3 billion. And the decline in our profitability from last year's first quarter is really all volume related. So, as we sort through these time, our focus is in three key areas; one is to continue to stay strong in the market, two is to reduce cost, to improve profitability through the year and of course three is to maintain our strong balance sheet. Let me just talk a little bit about each of these. With response to our market position, during the last year we sharpen the focus of our product development and we launched significantly new platforms in a variety of key markets specifically. And a real key part of our strategy as we refined our portfolio and moved product businesses and products as really attractive and redeployed those engineering resources on critical platforms like Backplane connectors and engine control unit connectors just a name of couple. But I think we've mentioned to you before, we're also are well into rebalancing our indirect market channels, they're becoming, there are important channels for us, we believe they're going to become even more important. And our goal is to be able to spend revenues through these channels overtime. And in general well, things are tough right now, we believe our broad and deep market presence and our long track record with our customers in conjunction with our financial strength and more valuable than ever to customers who want to make sure that they have supplier they could count on. In the cost improvement area, we're focused on two key actions expand and accelerate the footprint restructuring in addition to the previously announced restructuring plan, we intend to take additional actions primarily in our components segment, where we have excess capacity. Do you know this is been a cornerstone of our three years strategy to reduce our risk manufacturing capacity, there's been a lot of activity going on in this area and we're going to take advantage of these times to pull some other things in. The actions we have underway right now are on track to our plan. We expect the actions that we implement definitely in '08 to give us about an incremental savings of approximately $40 million in 2009 the current year we just started. The savings from the actions will introduce in 2009 really won't begin to show up until 2010, but they're going to be earlier than originally plan because we're going to start them earlier. The other key focus of cost improvement is to reduce our overhead. We expect to cut our SG&A cost by about $100 million on an annualized basis. And we'll begin to see some of the savings in Q2 and it's a run rate in Q3 and Q4 this year. Again that the approach we're taking here is structural for example, couple weeks ago we decided to combine to about similar businesses take advantage of synergies in the market with technology and especially in the supply chain there were areas that are on our three year improvement plan and because of the current circumstances we've accelerated. We also expect to see some margin improvement from lower commodity cost, as we recaptured some of the costs we were unable to pass on with commodity prices we're increasing. The estimated current rates and certainly the commodities are still volatile that made of pricing this could benefit us to $75 million for the year, again most of this expenses will be in the second half of the year as we worked off current inventory levels. So the way to think about all this is when you narrow this out and if you assume the current level of sales and because we don't have a lot of visibility right now, but this is our worst thing about the company that the current level of sales driving these cost improvements making sure we manage very well despite commodities spread and that the current exchange rates in commodity cost levels. So we would expect that we could deliver $1.70 to $1.80 per share for the full year. That excludes the mark-to-market adjustments of $0.10 per share. So, I will add little more to this later on. So let me turn the call now Terrence who is going to cover our Q4 segment in overall financial performance in more detail.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Now as Tom said, let me start with reviewing the segment performance in quarter four. In our components segments our sales grew 3% in the quarter but we were down 2% organically. Also from an regional perspective, we did see all of our regions had single-digit sales declines in the quarter and that was really driven by the consumer related end markets that we serve in the component segment which comprise about two-thirds of the segment's total sales. In the automotive market, we were flat overall but we were down 6% organically. On an organic basis in Europe we saw our sales decline 7% and you know the end quarter we said we expected this to be relatively flat but as we went through the quarter we saw a significant decline in September and as OEMs announce additional production cuts and this led to a reduction in inventories as many of tier 1 customers. In Asia, we did have sales growth of 17% and within China sales grew 17% and as Tom had mentioned we do expect Asia to have an organic sales decline in quarter one close to double-digit. And in North America, in quarter four, our sales decline 26% in the quarter and we expect to similar decline in quarter one. In the computer market, our sales declined to 11% while in the communications market our sales grew 4% organically. On the infrastructure side of the communications market, our sales grew 2% while in the mobile phone side, our interconnect products grew 10% which was essentially inline with the overall production. We do believe based upon our market share gains over the past few years. Now we will continue to grow at this point with unit volumes. In the industrial markets of the components segment, we grew 13% on an organic basis reflecting continued strong demand for our solar products. During the quarter, we did see the industrial equipment markets slow as order rates were basically flat and the softening we saw particularly in European in connection with the slowing macroeconomic environment. In the aerospace and defense market, we grew 9% organically and we expect to have continued growth here in quarter one. When you look at operating income on an adjusted basis for the segment it was flat year-over-year and the adjusted operating margin decreased 50 basis points to 13.6%. This decline of 50 basis points was driven by volume particularly related to the automotive and computer markets. Turning to our network solutions segments sales grew 7% on a reported basis and 3% organically. Sales for the building networks markets grew 6% organically and as we stated in the last call we have been seeing the order trends in this market slowing and expect quarter one organic sales to be basically flat year-over-year. In the energy market our sales grew 5% in the quarter. We experienced growth in all regions, were solid growth in emerging market more than offsetting some softness and the distribution products area. And finally, our sales to the communication service provider market declined 4% really continuing the trend we've been seeing. As we discussed last quarter, we have seen a slowdown in U.S. carrier a spending and continued softness in Europe and these two combined together contributed to the decline. The customers in this space remain cautious with their capital investments overall, but are expected to continue to investment in the fiber-to-the-home and broadband wireless projects. Adjusted operating margin in the network segment declined 210 basis points to 12.7% continuing the trend that we've seen for the past few quarter. Lower productivity levels in this segments and a lower margin sales mix caused by the revenue decline in the communication service provider markets drove the margin decline. In our Undersea Telecommunication segments; sales grew 42% organically in the quarter and we substantially completed Trans-Pacific express project. We expect revenues in the range of $280 to $290 million in the first quarter and approximately $900 million for the full year. Adjusted margins in the industry segment improved year-over-year to 13.6% reflecting the higher volumes and in the first quarter we expect margins similar to quarter four. And finally, in our Wireless System segment; and our sales grew 6% organically and our adjusted operating margin improved by 50 basis points to 17.6%. The margin improvement was largely due to the federally mandated re-branding efforts of our customer; which benefited both current and prior year sales. We expect quarter one sales to be consistent with the prior year levels and the single-digit operating margin due to the low sales levels on expected program mix. Now let me give you a quick update on the state in New York wireless projects. We remedied all the technical deficiencies outlined in the letter default issued by the state in August and on October 16, we certified the primary region ready for the testing by the state. The state has become their testing of the system here just as past week on November 3rd, and we'll wait for to hear from the state on the testing results. Turning now to items, below the operating line, our net interest expense was $39 million in the quarter which was down versus last year reflecting lower net debt levels as well as a little bit of higher interest rate on our floating rate debt. In quarter one, we expect interest to be about $40 million. Our income tax expense was $50 million in the quarter resulting in a GAAP effective tax rate of 32% which was also our adjusted effective tax rate. The adjusted rate was slightly lower than what we guided as we benefited from tax planning initiatives that we just completed during 2008. For the first quarter our tax rate is expected to jump up to 40% due to the mark-to-market currency loss as Tom mention and I'll discuss shortly. However, excluding this item we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be 33% for the quarter. Our cash taxes paid in the quarter were $64 million and our cash tax on an adjusted income was 13%. For the year, our adjusted cash tax rate was 19% which is inline with our expected long-term cash tax rate of 20%. Other income on an adjusted basis was $15 million and we expect approximately $13 million in the quarter one. During the quarter, we recorded impairment charges of $137 million consisting of goodwill impairment of $103 million and long lived asset impairment of $34 million. The goodwill impairment was related to our Application Tooling business, which is included in our component segment. This impairment was incurred as part of our annual goodwill assessment which we do every July and was driven by slower future growth expectations for this business. I know we haven't talked a lot about this business, this business provides application tooling solutions that are used to apply our products primarily to automotive and the appliance markets. Along with the asset impairment of $34 million was primarily due to the signing of an agreement to sell our battery assembly business in the electronic component segment. The impairment charge was required to write-down the current value of the business to the expected sales price of $30 million. In 2008, this business had approximately $135 million of revenue and we expect this sale to close in the middle of fiscal 2009 once we complete certain regulatory procedures. Now let me cover a few other before I turn it back over to Tom. With respect to our share repurchases we spent $400 million repurchased 12.5 million shares in the quarter and at the end of the quarter we had 700 million remaining on that... our repurchased program. We have continued to repurchase shares and bought another 5.7 million shares in the month of October. Our plan continues to be the use our excess cash to repurchase shares. We will however at times carry a little bit more cash based upon current credit and economic conditions which could result in a slower pace of repurchases than what you saw in quarter four, but we are still committed to returning the excess capital we generate back to shareholders. And lastly as Tom mentioned our quarter one outlook includes $0.10 negative impact due to currency related losses. In October it were impacted by extreme movements in the currency markets, we do currency derivatives to manage our currency exposures in various countries and gain and loses all recorded using mark-to-market accounting. And as typically we've experience in our penny or two plus or minus due to mark-to-market accounting every quarter, but... in October the extreme movement in Eastern European currencies. Where currencies devalued over 20% in the month of October is causing us to take a mark-to-market loss of approximately $50 million which has a little tax benefit and this is where the positioned we have opened for the entire year. If you assume current exchange rate, remain at the current levels, we expect that the losses incurred on the currency derivatives will be offset by lower operating cost later in the year, and certainly these markets remained volatile and we are carefully managing through our remaining exposures. So with that, let me now turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Terrence. Before we go to Q&A, I'll just... I wanted to summarize what we just talked about, no questions these are tough economic times and although we can predict when demand will return to more levels, we can and we will and we are accelerating our efforts to continue improve to the company. And few key points there, we're staying with our strategy which as you know was build it in on three key things, strengthen our portfolio, still better leverage our broaden these technology capabilities. Streamline the business and improve our operating margins to 15% plus in a more normal growth...environment return that we have not taken our eye off that target. We also expect to strengthen our market position by increasing our focus on the customer and expanding the rate of new product introductions. We have the will to do that. We're taking advantage of the slowdown to continued to improve our costs structure specially in our components segment and more specifically in our automotive business and lastly we'll continue maintain our strong financial position by continuing to generate strong cash flow and used in the cash wisely whether to... return capital to shareholders, or add to our portfolio if I'm opportunistic, strategic investments present themselves. So this is a rough time right now, but this company is more focused. I really believe we are more capable now then we were a year ago; and the whole management team knows our goal is to, we need to strengthen things and be better and stronger on this things turned out. So, with that let's open it up for questions, please. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead please.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Amit.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital: Just a little quick question Tom on, I know you talked about considerably hitting a $70 to $80 EPS in '09, although it's not guidance, but when you kind of think of that EPS number, what sort of sales number are you thinking about to hit that EPS line?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Amit, the model if you will is based upon the current sales level. We're hopefully the current sales level will be the low level of the year. But we don't really have a whole lot of visibility, but what we said to ourselves, let's not assume some more miraculous recovery here; let's assume the process of the cost structure point of view. This is where it's going to be drive more change and more cost improvements to the company. So you can think of it is, $12 billion of revenue.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital: Got it. That's very helpful. And then I guess Terrence... given all the risks especially on the automotive side of things right now. Could you just really talked about any concerns on the AR...the aging of AR and also on the inventory obsolescence, so how do take write-offs in that front?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Tom,let me take those separately. First up on the AR side we... our aging is actually very good, its actually improved. We do have, if you look our business overall our largest customer is less than 4% of sales and that would be the same concentration of receivables. We will continue monitor certainly with the macroeconomic but right now we feel very good with the aging. On the inventory side, we ended the year in the high 70s on the inventory days certainly our quarter one results are being impacted by absorption. So we are focused being sensitive to the inventory levels and we will be our goals is to work that down in these soft times and you're seeing that in the P&L. Due to especially in the automotive probably being our lowest days level, right now we don't see risk but we have to monitor it closely
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital: Got it. And then just final question after that. Just on incremental softness could you A, update us any divesture plan at this point and are you incline to potentially diverse more assets given the market softness?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: We had a big September, and we close the deals if you know it had been in the process. We were fortunate, we got in under those rapidly collapsing credit conditions and for those two businesses is that on the 500 million. We just announced the deal itself a small part of our business a battery in where we're a very, very niche in that market and very subscale and we've been working for while to sell that business, so we got somebody there and we're continuing to work through the portfolio I think is the bigger part of the focus right now is the particularly to get out of product that just don't get it payments acquisition years ago and we've been nipping away at those things in the computer business things and the appliance business. So I'd say you could expect to see another couple of 100 million this year and that be the way to think about it.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital: Excellent. Thanks a lot guys.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Amit.
Operator: Thank you. And next we go to Jim Suva with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great. Thanks very much. Can you just clarify a little bit on the automotive side? I believe you said auto down 25% Q1 organically with the Europe down 35% I think that was for Q1 for the 35% and then Asia expect close to double-digit and for Asia do you mean close to double-digit as a little bit above, 10% or a little bit below 10%?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Its about as 10% Jim, with the biggest declines being in Japan our small decline in China and a larger decline in broader Southeast Asia.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. How much visibility as far as lead time do you have in that area?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: In Asia.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Yes.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: The lead time is about the same. I mean they're JIT gives us orders release orders weekly, can change orders within the week, don't usually change the total value of orders that you can get change in that of a model shipments to ourselves. It's not a lot of lead times.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great and then as a quick follow-up the $70 to $80 directly speaking for that scenario. I know you mentioned for Q1 it includes absolutely nothing for your guidance that includes the New York contract to $70 to $80 does that includes New York contract coming in?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: No, it doesn't.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. And that's about $0.04 per year. Correct?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: New York.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: It will depend on how they accept the regions Jim. Previously we've said this coming year could be up to $100 million and about $0.03 to $0.04 but it will depend on how regions are accepted in there. So I think that $0.03 to $0.04 would be the high-end.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that'll be two regions.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great. Thank you, very much.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: And we have question from Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel Partners. Go ahead please.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, thanks. Tom you talked about some inventory issues at automotive customers which is fairly obvious but could you be more specific about the extent of those inventory problems how much is out there both in terms of component inventory and with how long will it be for the supply chain to work through that. And as a follow-up to that looking at the March quarter I believe you're normally flat up sequentially in that business shouldn't we assume though given the environment plus the inventory issue that you would be down sequentially?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Let me take the inventory one. There is not a lot of hard data on that yet Matt, why we feel that inventory because if you look at and these come on like basis so for example we don't have our October date yet of new car registrations in Europe which is probably the best leading indicator that the industry have, in September they were down 8%. Now we suspect October is going to be a lot worst that we haven't seen that yet and that what's driving the customers to adjust quickly. The other reason we suspect there is a significant inventory adjustment as we wouldn't expect demand with follow this fast and just give you a couple of data points. First nine months in the year as bad as the U.S. car market and it's more than just a big tree and U.S. car sales were up, they were down 10% in the first nine months of the year, went down over 30% in October. So if you say your period was up than U.S. eventually those to Europe they would expect maybe similar declines with a lot affect, I know that's an over simplification. But Europe also has some dynamics that profit up a little -- make a little stronger than the U.S. there's the Eastern European markets which are emerging and growing so you have demand there now that's slowdown but you have a fundamental, sort of a long untapped demand there and you have significant amount cars in Western Europe, our company cars those are tied in a compensation arrangements. So you have a little more stability there. And in Western Europe there is some less dependents on credits to buy cars than there is in the U.S. So when we look it at that way, AG what we expect Europe go down and as fast as U.S maybe not, that's all kind of proposition. And then if you lay that against what we're actually seeing is exists... our conclusion is there is a significant inventory adjustment here but we're not sure where demand is going to end up in Europe and we wouldn't expect European business to be down for 35% for too long but you don't have any hard data of recent trends. Then the second question was...
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Flat point.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: We normally do expect, would see a pickup in seasonality in Q2 I think our visibility is typically are on 5%, our visibility is pretty limited right now. Now the big shutdown that are going on are going on over the holiday, the most of the shutdown will end in early January. We typically lead six to eight weeks on our production ahead of that, so if they're starting to ramp up again, we should start to see our orders pickup late in this quarter. You know past both strolled [ph], I think... we also think caveat is today's environment much or what historically trends pull through but we did look over history, we would normally see a pickup, the shutdowns are longer which is making this quarter more pronounced down through up, harder down through up or we would expect a little bit of timing if they're coming back we should start to see that some order activity late in this quarter.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thanks. And as a follow-up, even at the current run rate that you're at... you're looking at your revenues for fiscal '09 down in the $2 billion range or so? And talked about cost cutting, you will be specific about the SG&A coming out or could you be more specific about the plan consolidation efforts that are going on has that accelerated and what kind of numbers are we looking at there?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: We did... just to give you a little bit history we initiated 13 in '07 and it's about down, we initiated 10 that were bigger in '08, so we were less plans to figure plans more conversion cost course of the big three been in the Western Europe in September. And right now what we're working through is what we do next. So we wouldn't expect to see any benefit realistically in '09 from the next wave that if we can pull something in but I mean our plan is to expand it and pull it in and that's where we're working on right now.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: And how many facilities are you at now?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Well we have, we have 23 that are offline or taken offline another 12 that one of our divestitures, so we're getting down around a 100 level.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Couple questions, I was wondering first of all we could dig into sort of the incremental change in the margins. It looks like quarter-to-quarter you probably have the like in the components business high 20s type of incremental margin on a basis point discussion looks like it went down about a 100 basis points. You said that it was mainly volume driven but there must been other puts and takes in there. So I was wondering if could you just sort of dig into the component margin a little bit more and also talk about it going forward where you think that would based on similar commentary?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Steve, when you say quarter-on-quarter, are you talking sequentially?
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, sequentially just looking at the electronic components business?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andwhat I would say there is really primarily affect is it is volume because of it was that the shortest decline was in our automotive business which is the higher fixed cost business than our markets that we serve. So if you do look at it, it was a little bit higher than we typically run because we would add balance that sequentially without currency our automotive business was that about 15% in Q3 to Q4 and that did create some absorptions forms that we saw in the quarter that made the poll through a little bit heavier.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Was there any positive offset, so are we really we hadn't been taking some cost actions would that number would have looked worse?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: It kind of look slightly worse, well from that view point, Steve it's mainly volume. The other numbers are smaller compared to those.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: And then going forward Terrence when you look at Q1, its all volume related and what would be the other offset you can get?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Really when you look at components in quarter one. And if you think about it, our components segment annually has about $2 billion of fixed conversion cost which is about 500 million on the quarter and you now loosing that 15% of the sales that Tom walked you through, those create absorption pressure against that 500 million which however you want to run it is about $75 million and layering that on the top of the volume or just a sales margin is what you get there. So it does come into the heavier fall down and about the 40% range due to the absorption that we're seeing.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay and then just two other quick questions, the SG&A line showed a pretty good costs control going on in the quarter. Where do you see that for this quarter and then lastly on the Battery Stand With business you mentioned? What kind of serve market was that going into and is that now a discontinued business for next quarter?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me take the SG&A one Steve. On the SG&A as Tom said we are putting costs containment and we'll also be looking at headcount take out in that. So from that viewpoint that's the $100 million that Tom said, we would expect that to start clicking in and more on quarter two then quarter one, since we are in the middle of it, so I would expect quarter one be similar to quarter four slightly down, as we get some impact and now huge. On the battery's business, this basically was a cell-packed assembly business that came with an acquisition years ago, it serves primarily on some cell and cell phone as well as computer application than it a mid single digit margin that were there. We will not be treating as a discontinued operation due to its small size. So you know, it'll just be something we'll highlight you but it will stay in the results.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Got it, thank you.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you; next we have Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi, a few questions. For the year December quarter, what in terms of comp are you assuming in terms of I guess price per pound basis?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Right now, Shawn, that's right around $3. We have fix, as you know we do have a fixing program and we have fixed about 50,000 pounds. So right now we're assuming about $3 copper and we will also be burning of inventory obviously.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, so more off, say late March quarter or June quarter in terms of same kind of, what the below the $2 type of...
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I meant to say 50 million pounds not 50 pounds.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. But more on more in late March quarter, or early June quarter for those $72?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: That point to how that believe through between the inventory and what we fix.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Secondly just on the tax rate. What are you assuming for the full year, I know it's 33% this quarter but what do you think you can get that down to maybe exiting the year?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Right now with where we are, 33% is a fair assumption for the year right now.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And I guess cash flow generation or CapEx, are you pulling it in year-over-year. Maybe what should we expect this kind of a quarterly run rate this year given kind of the press revenue outline?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're going to... our goal is to keep CapEx in proportion to revenue. The capacity related CapEx is scrutinize than you can imagine very hard right now. We've given our targets to reduce CapEx at least inline with the sales decline. New project CapEx which is about half of what we spend and our total capital so if we win a project we need to buy the tools and go with that. We're going to continue to pursue that. We don't want to discourage any new business et cetera at the right type of levels for us, but we'll definitely be down in CapEx.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And then just finally going back to the inventory discussion in the automotive business, what are the length of shutdown you're seeing this year and I guess looking at maybe something that could be 2 to 3x normal, shouldn't you see some snap back to a extent in the March quarter just as there maybe normalized production to an extent but maybe have some additional shutdowns?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: While we're... we know that there is some European automakers for example that are going to do up to five weeks, unusual they might take generally 2 to 2.5 week unusual to shutdown the whole holiday season. I think those are still being rolled out. We would expect and kind of alluded to that earlier that all things being equal, and I think that's fair and the time right now but yes there should be a snap back, we got to see the data before we want to talk to it, because it's been so rough on the downturn ones could argue that well you should see a little bit more pickup on the upturn, we were certainly going to be prepared for that but we're managing our inventory in our cost structure very closely as well.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. The final question just on the balance sheet I think currency alluded to requiring a slightly higher cash balance going forward given kind of the uncertainty in the credit market is there a dollar amount you want to pick to?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: No, I wouldn't say we require it's just been a little bit more cautious for the credit markets right now. So I think it will really will be around Shawn, what do we seeing in the credit markets just to make sure we do have a very strong balance sheet. Our strategy and our philosophy has not changed on cash but just with what's going on some markets have been little bit disruptive such as commercial paper at that times we may have little bit more cash and we had in the past. But our core requirements have not changed in $500 to $600 million level to run the business.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Shawn.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Ajay Kejriwal with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning. Could you talk about the ForEx losses a little bit? Are these related to production outside the U.S. or these cash flow hedges and I don't remember if you call these out in the past but how much did you benefit in '08 from any mark-to-market gains, at all?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's Terrence. First of all in '08 it would probably be net I think it was around $0.2. If you look by quarter and some quarters it was $0.01 ahead or $0.02 positive. So it was much smaller in magnitude on the mark-to-market, and that is why we didn't call to that. When you look at what's occurring here this really relates specifically to our Eastern European operations where they are meant to be cash flow hedges but we have mark-to-market accounting. We have about $500 million of exposure to the three major places in Eastern Europe where we have production Hungary, the Czech Kroner as well as the Polish Slavic and those currencies in October devalued significantly. And we do hedge out up to a year on those so really what we're taking here is 12 months worth of hedge in this quarter and like I said in the my statements rate stay where they are we will recover that later in the year assuming business levels stay inline with what we've hedge. So it is a cash flow hedge.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And I'm assuming you have other hedges in place that would prevent any further losses on this contract, or if currency continues to move the way they've done in the past and of course that's a long assumption but I mean have you taken any actions first that or --?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On these we have done some actions to make sure we cap these losses where I've told you to but from that standpoint we still do hedge our currencies due to the amount of exposure we have outside the dollar. But these three currencies in Eastern Europe where the three that cause the impact of what we sold due to what happened to them in October.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And outside of these contracts could you remind us how much ForEx helped you in '08 on the top-line and operating income line?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: If you look at ForEx in last year it helped us by about $800 million and it helped us by about $0.08 a share.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And assuming rates remain where they are, I'd imagine FX is a headwind. Could you give us some sensitivity around what FX could be a year-on-year... on a year-on-year basis in '09?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If you look at quarter one, our guidance is saying that's going to impact our growth by about 400 basis point which is about $150 million. If you take a euro at high 120 rate which is the largest currency. We expect that year-on-year that would be $700 million headwind to the top-line perspective. And then as we told you last year, that typically falls through at a lower rate. So it would be about $0.07 to $0.08 impact on EPS year-on-year.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it, just on that $1.72, $1.80 range for the year implies sequentially improvement. Obviously you talked about your expectations for European Auto could you maybe talk about any other end markets where you expect things to improve versus the first quarter.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: That range doesn't really contemplate much improvement what you will see is that, will probably run a little lower in our Undersea telecom business. Its still as Terrence said we still expect to run in about $900 million rate which is better than what we had thought a couple of months ago because of the backlog till, been a little bit, it will be down slightly wireless in the first quarter is always in our lowest quarter, comes off in a usually a strong fourth quarter as we come inside with governments fiscal year end, as usually a pop in the fourth quarter and then a decline in the first quarter. Do you expect the increase in wireless to offset the increase in Undersea and for this model as I would like to call it, are the $3 billion run rate which you would see kind of running at the rate... Now obviously you know its going to be different from that but in terms of how we are modeling it and the way to think about the variables these action we are taking. Think about it that way. So there is no assumption that we get some masses further deterioration in any of our businesses or recovery.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it, thank you.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to William Stein with Credit Suisse. Go ahead please.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Thanks, wondering in the... as early credit environment, are you seeing any thing happened with suppliers or competitors that would create either a bigger problem on the supplier side or an opportunity to either take share or acquire a competitor potentially?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I would say we're not seeing anything totally obvious yes, but we definitely have our eyes open for opportunities of course will be careful about it but not anything, they get well I really... nothings really up there is a few that we keep our eye on customer last competitors that we keep our eye on and there is as Terrence said we're not seeing anything to scare us in the rate of which we're getting paid but there's clearly a lift that we're in more compact lift and normal to track how they're doing but fundamentally, in a state like this, I guess I would expect a little bit of the shakeout and I think that can play our advantage.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: And then putting that aside, I know acquisitions were always kind of a longer-term part of the company's strategy. Any update or comments on what that pipeline looks like or whether these deals are more or less likely given the current credit environment?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: The pipeline, the areas that we're looking at are still the same, the market we find most attractive is probably the one, is really is the top of our list is energy we are fairly broad in the energy business and we think, there's an opportunity to expand both organically and inorganically there. We are starting to increasingly build our pipeline there. There would be... I think would be... would like to make some moves this year, are not big ones but more technology and capability moves this year if there, if the right opportunity is available on an attractive price. But we are clearly continuing to build that pipeline in that regard.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: I think that's all I have thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Then we'll go to Brian White with Collins Stewart. Go ahead please.
Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC: Good morning, just on the pricing environment. With you know auto customers struggling here and everyone having a tough time. How do we think about pricing for fiscal '09 in the electronic components business?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I think we're going to see more pricing pressure. There's couple things going on is, commodity prices went up obviously, we all got to... push as much of that on. We did about half of it. We got about half of that. We are able to recover our goals is to keep at least half, as things go down and certain commodities are still up year-over-year especially energy and things like that. So and they never really got passed through. But we would expect an environment focus plans less... there's going to be a little more aggressiveness by the things open... everybody in our industry has keep a lot of this cost as it went on the way out. And I think we have a good chase, it's been starting ourselves both to in the higher cost environment to get more back in our erosion and come down significantly from historical levels as well as be ready as commodity prices turndown as they have. So we're going to see more pressure I think we're very well prepared in the right way to keep as much as we can but at the same time in our attractive business we're not going to give up that business for a few points of crisis.
Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC: And how do we think about pricing in the last downturn, what happened to pricing like percentage wise you have numbers?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say they're incomparable because when you look at very different end market dynamics. Brian, so when you look at what happened during the telecom buzz in places like automotive pricing really did not change. So, the end market demand between less downturn and this one that we're experiencing right now are very different.
Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC: Okay. So maybe a mid-single digit decline in the fiscal '09 is reasonable?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I mean, I think it's -- I do believe it's going to be less say less than sort of average.
Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC: Okay. And just on Undersea Telecom is that Trans-Pacific finished the project finished?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Basically finished. Yes. I mean there some points.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Essentially that.
Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC: Essentially that. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next we have Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead please.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank NA: Good morning. I wanted to just walk through guidance here one more time. I feel like the top line guidance is for seasonal pickup but at the same time you're saying that you expect to see a seasonal pickup in the March quarter. So if we do see a seasonal pickup then would we expect to come in above the 170, 180 on the EPS line?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Carter, we're giving guidance for the first quarter and know it's not like guidance for the year, but we were just really trying to put a model around for those variables that helped all of you think about the business sort of the same way we think about it. We're not counting on a seasonal pickup in Q2 I mean we're certainly hoping for it, but it's hard to say right now just because of all the uncertainty and this recent decline in Europe has been pretty, it's pretty rapid. So in a more abnormal environment even in the down business more normal environment we would expect to see seasonal profit that's why we're not really going beyond the first quarter at this point. And we'll have a better idea by the end of this quarter based on I mentioned earlier as the automakers come out of their shutdown what we know how fast they come out of those, what's the real end demand they're seeing and how fast they would ramp up. We should see that in the latter part of this quarter.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank NA: Okay. That's helpful and I can appreciate how difficult it is to forecast in this environment. Looking at the guidance another way on the EPS line at the midpoint for next quarter or this quarter rather were $0.26 if you add the $0.10 from the FX loss growing off year about $0.36 per quarter on a similar type of revenue run rate, to get the midpoint of your full year guidance we need to be hitting about $0.50 per quarter which translates into about $100 million incremental operating profits for a quarter. So that's said, can you help us understand what's the levers are and what's some -- and maybe rank them by its going to have a biggest contribution to help you get that $0.50 per quarter whether it be raw materials restructuring, financial engineering like buybacks or possibly I guess volume benefits when it be there, but those three items between raw materials, restructuring and financial engineering.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Those four items.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Carter, how we're thinking about I mean you're exactly right lets take $0.36 punch for get you the around of mid 140 rate. Certainly the cost cutting that Tom articulated in his comments, we basically would say in the SG&A and overhead side would the biggest component, the commodities Tom mentioned $50 to $75 million on that on basically to recapture plus obviously some price get back. We also prior restructure actions. We would say another $40 million share incremental to what we saw last year. And then to your last point you know how we're using our cash certainly our share account will come down as well. Your financial engineering would probably be the smallest out there. So those four components really are the metric drivers and that does assume the $12 billion as Tom said and its mainly around cost take up.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank NA: Would we expect, I mean... I think you mentioned this before, we are expecting most of that. Cost take out to occur in the second half of fiscal year.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On the SG&A side, we expect to start seeing the saving's next quarter certainly not the full quarter. The commodity as we stated would be later in the year, prior restructuring would be the next three quarters certainly bigger in the last half and the shares are throughout the year.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank NA: Great. One last question, have you started to see any competition in the auto market, from Asian competitor's Asian connector manufactures.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Nothing significant Carter, we clearly run into them as they're taken working on the business trying to get in there for a while but not yet. Not in a significant way. If you think about on high for example.
Operator: That's all Mr. Shoop.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank NA: Yes it is. Thank you.
Operator: Okay thank you then we'll go to Amitabh Passi with UBS. Go ahead please.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Thank you, hi guys can you hear me?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Yes Amitabh how are you?
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Good, good thank you, most of my question have been answered, I just had a couple of clarification questions, I think the first one was as we think about the benefits from the restructuring, is it fair to assume that the benefit on your gross margin line is probably sort of the 30 to 40 basis points in '09 and that's sort of the range you are thinking of?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The $40 million, that we mentioned would be that $40 million as all gross margin.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay I apologize I miss that and then just on the SG&A, if you could just clarify I didn't quite get your commentary as we think about SG&A in '09 are we looking at it more sort of flattish and dollar basis or I assume is again some benefit from discussing action. I am just wondering how we should think about where SG&A transferred the full year?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Amitabh, what we plan is, we want to take out a $100 million on an annualize basis of the SG&A. And we will start getting those benefits in the second quarter and then obviously ramping throughout the year. So from that view point our view is going to so down.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Got it. And then just quickly on the industrial segment, you talked about your solo business, can you give us any color in terms of how big the business is now or at least with revenues during this quarter even on the relative basis what the year-over-year growth was for that particular?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The growth almost doubled, it was very robust approaching still a small business approaching $100 million but three years ago it was in the rounding. So, its ramped quickly, it especially ramped in Europe were no other countries have subsidies for this. I think we were still very bullish on it. We both committed to it I think is it will continue to ramp where we see that slowing down a bit, subsidies are coming down a little bit and of course it does tend to fluctuate in a little bit, not too much with oil. As oil comes down but still a viewing it is a very high priority high growth business for us.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Got it. And just my final question perhaps asking you Tom. we shared on appear to be sort of an unprecedented times and I was just curious coming back to the M&A question I mean we look at these sort of times as an opportunity moments for you to be perhaps slightly more aggressive or cautiously or selectively on the acquisition front or is this a time, what you think you probably be much more cautious and you rather wait out for storm before you should get aggressive on the M&A front?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I think our strategy is really unchanged there. And I think the way, another way to answer that is we know the areas, we want to get into that our top priorities we're aggressively pursuing them. They're more round out the portfolio type areas and in product especially technology development that we already have and I think particularly the opportunity should be better for the small and mid-sized opportunity. That those companies that likely could have a little bit more difficult circumstances right now, so I guess the short answer is we expect to be more aggressive but staying inline with our strategy not certainly widening our net to be opportunistic with it naturally meet opportunities arise but we focused on our strategy these were the spots we want to go into and be more aggressive given the circumstances.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Brian Girgy [ph] with Legal and General Investments. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Just couple of questions. Other than the corporate bond. Do you have any debt outstanding either in the form of commercial paper bank client jobs?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes we do, I mean if you look at our exact composition are $3.2 billion on that while we do have lot of bonds outstanding. We have about $150 million of other typical debt and at the end of the year we had $640 million of commercial paper. I mean our commercial paper balance is down, we have used some of the excess proceeds we've had on the divestures as the market has been disruptive and we do go into our backup facility has cash is need because that backup facility was needed to backup the commercial paper. So any disruption in the market we do go into our backup facility.
Unidentified Analyst: And how are you relative to your bank covenants right now, how much cushion there?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are fine with our bank covenants.
Unidentified Analyst: Any statistics about where they... where those covenants are and where the data is?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I do not have with me but we're fine with our bank covenants we can get that for you.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And as far as anyone expose to the automotive industry these days is taking... is getting a hard look from the rating agencies, so you think contact about the rating agencies and it seems like there -- at least with some of the reaction and some of the names in the sector -- I guess the need for more liquidity cash balances that kind of stuff is a something that they highlighted, is it something that you spoken with them recently about?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: We always are in contact with the rating agencies update them on our business. So we're always in contact with them. I think you need to keep in the contacts our cash flow generation and we're more than automotive company.
Unidentified Analyst: No, absolutely...
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: From that view point, we just generated $500 million of free cash flow and we'll continue to update the credit rating agencies on what's going on the business but its been normal contact.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And last question more of typical one I guess in given the current state uncertainty in the market, you have a choice right now whether to keep the cash on the balance sheet or repurchase shares and I understand the stock prices, looks very attractive now, but it's seems there the equity markets rewarding companies that have more liquidity in this environment. I guess I don't see the upside for continuing to repurchase shares if hypothetically, the outside potentially of keeping cash is that, as we start to come out of this having little bit more balance sheet to do acquisitions or something of that nature.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We've always indicated, our strategy is to make sure as we generate excess capital, its either going to be, full returning to our shareholders or for strategic investments, and we continued to balance that. We feel very comfortable with our liquidity position and our cash flow generation. And we do balance those as we run the business everyday.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: As Terrence mentioned earlier, we're keeping a little more cash on the balance sheet just because of the credit situation, just to be prudent.
Unidentified Analyst: And... I know you have what the balance sheet just right now but I mean obviously the uncertainty in the market specifically with the revenue side of the equation, it seems to me that continuing to repurchase shares, doesn't that make sense?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I would say, you also have to look at, we have no significant debt until 2013 as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: From that viewpoint, our debt is popularly matured and we're going to continue based upon credit conditions and what's going on in market as I said, be a little bit more cautious but our philosophy has not change.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent, keep up the good work. Thanks.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Options are open, I say that's the way you should think about it, that's what we're doing.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and gentlemen, we have no further questions. Please go ahead with any closing remarks.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Okay, well thank you for joining us today. Keith Kolstrom and myself will be around the rest of the day to answer any other questions you may have. Thanks and we look forward to talking to you. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you and ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 10.30 am today till midnight, Thursday November 13th. You may access the AT&T executive playback service that anytime by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 962-724. International callers dial 320-365-3844, using the same access code 962724. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Tyco Electronics Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. And I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. John Roselli. Please go ahead.
John Roselli: Thanks, Rochelle. Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics' third quarter results for fiscal year 2008 and the press release issued earlier this morning. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. The press release and all related tables can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at tycoelectronics.com. Now let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments.
Tom Lynch: Thanks John. And good morning. Overall, we are really pleased with the quarter we just completed. I think it reflects good progress in a number of areas for us. Our sales grew 19% and our organic sales growth was 11%. Our adjusted operating income increased 22% over the prior year and our earnings per share increased 43%. You do have to make it apples-to-apples with last year if you take out our unusually high tax rate in last year's third quarter; our EPS was up 31%, still a good strong showing. We also had another strong cash flow quarter as our free cash flow was $283 million and as announced this morning, our Board has approved the $750 million increase to our share repurchase. So, we continue to have strong financial performance and are in very, very good financial condition. All four of our segments had solid growth in the quarter and three of the four had solid improvements in operating performance. We believe our performance continues to benefit from the diversity of our market mix and our global presence. As you know, it's about half of our business in industrial and infrastructure business, and half of our business in consumer, I think that's a good balance especially in these times. And then about two-thirds of our revenue was outside the U.S. We grew organically 17% in our businesses which served global, industrial and infrastructure markets. These businesses and products account for about half of our revenue as I just mentioned, and include Undersea Telecom which continues to be very strong, up 81%, Wireless Systems which was up 43% and continues to steadily build a base of business. Our Network segment, was up 6%, and as we'll talk in a minute had really mixed performance, and the industrial markets served by our electronic component segment which were up 10%. In addition, our automotive sales in international markets grew 12% in the quarter, very strong with double-digit growth in both Europe and Asia and Terrence will shed some more light on that in a few minute. Our performance in these markets offset continued weakness in most of our other consumer related markets which includes appliances, computer, consumer electronics and North America automotive. So those markets have been weak for a while and continue to be that way, and we expect them to continue to be that way for at least the next quarter. Operating income growth and the improvement in our operating margin to 14.3% was driven by the strong organic growth which generated healthy margin flow through. This has been a key focus area for us to make sure that when we hit that sweet spot of growth for us, which is 5 to 7% that we get the margin flow through and we've been seeing that over the last couple quarters. So, I feel like we're making good progress on that. We also had in the quarter very favorable sales mix in Undersea and Wireless, their margins were very nice, as well as the execution on the sales side in those business. These positives more than offset continued commodity cost pressure especially gold, which year-over-year was up about $15 million in the quarter, and a lower margin in our Network segment. Although margins have stabilized in Networks for about 12%, we did not see the improvement we were expecting in the quarter, this was due to a combination of slower than expected pace of network investment by certain carriers in Europe, as well as the ripple effect that had on our productivity in that operation. Regarding our margins at the 14% level excluding restructuring cost, our margins are up about a 150 basis points since our separation from Tyco International, a little over a year ago, and we are right in line with our plan to reach 15% plus margins by fiscal 2010. I also see that we are continuing to make good progress raising the level of innovation in new product across the company. I'm going to share just a few examples here. Over the past several months, we have launched some significant new product platforms. For example, in our... we just launched a comprehensive new connector system for the commercial vehicle market. This is a very attractive market for us. This product line offers very rugged... superior performance in very rugged environments that you can imagine that experience extreme temperature, vibration and moisture situations. This is... this was a really key development for us over the last couple of years. It's now in early production and can't get into specifics that we've been awarded the platform for three of the four largest truck maker. So, this is going to pay dividends for us for several years to come. We also introduced the new Backplane connector system for the high-end computing and telecom markets. There are tin-manned [ph] products as its known, gives us a strong offering with 20 gigabyte per second performance for high speed applications. This makes us much more competitive in this market. This is an area that's been important to us, that we've been lagging little bit within this market. We now have a, we believe a platform that can compete with anyone and we're going to build up that. And then the last one I'll touch on as we recently launched an expanded range of products under our SOLARLOK brand for the solar energy market which is experiencing very high growth. And in this area, we are leader in photovoltaic interconnection technology. The products we've introduced over the past three to six months are using applications from roof tops to desert energy farms, and they have to operate in very extreme external environments where you can have temperatures falling from -40C to a +105. And one of the key things about these products is they need to last 25 years and more without failure. And this last product line is really good example of how we are getting a little bit better and making progress that's leveraging our capabilities cross the business. And we have a lot of experience in the energy systems market with products that have to operate in harsh environments and marrying that with our connector technology to come up with this type of SOLARLOK products. So, good progress in these areas, and we'll show little bit each quarter on these kind of development. During the quarter, we continued to get the company more focused on our strategic businesses and products as we announced an agreement on the divestiture of our RF component and sub-systems business which was formally in our Wireless segment and this sale will be for about $425 million in cash. As we have done this, now that our wireless business is now completely focused on communication systems. In addition, this week we signed an agreement with solar automotive sensors business for another $42 million in cash. Now this was part of the wireless components business. Both transactions are expected to close within the calendar year. And as we stated last month and in our Investor Day, we have approximately another $400 million worth of revenues that we are working through and product lines in our components and network segments that we expect to divest over the next year. And now, I'm going to turn the call over to Terrence who is going to cover our segment and company financial performance in more detail, and then I'll come back and cover Q4 and full year outlook.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Tom. And good morning everyone. Let me cover first the segment performance and then get into company wide items. Starting with the Electronic Component segment, our sales grew 15% in the quarter or 6% on an organic basis. Our sales for the automotive market grew 18% overall and 7% organically. As Tom mentioned, we continue to benefit from emerging market vehicle growth as well as content increases. On an organic basis by region; in Europe, where we generate more than half of our automotive revenue, our sales grew 10%. We did expect to see this sequential improvement coming out of Q2, and as... because we benefited from production increases at certain manufactures. We do expect this growth rate to slow down in quarter four. In Asia, our sales grew 17%, led by continued strength in China where growth was 25% in the quarter. And in North America, which continues to be very challenging, our sales were down 18% in the quarter as U.S. manufacturers continue to reduce production levels. Overall, our sales performance in the automotive market was very good in the quarter despite a weakening environment in the U.S. Year-to-date we've grown almost 6% organically in face of a 14% decline in U.S. revenues. Next in our computer market, our sales declined 2% as we continue to rationalize our portfolio by exiting some low margin product lines and being more selective with new projects. In the communications market, our sales also grew double-digit which is 10% organically. And in the infrastructure piece of this market, sales grew 13% with solid growth in all regions, and we expect this growth to slow in quarter four. In the mobile phone side of the com market, our sales of interconnect products grew 11%, and this brings our year-to-date sales growth to this market to 37%. In industrial markets, we grew 23% on an organic basis reflecting continued robust demand in solar products as well as industrial equipment segment of the market. And finally, our sales to the aerospace and defense market grew 7% organically. Demand remains stable and we expect continued solid sales growth for the balance of the year in this market. Adjusted operating income for the component segment increased 22% year-over-year, and the adjusted operating margin increased to 14.6%. As we've talked about previously, organic growth in the 5% to 7% range enables us to generate good operating leverage which we saw this quarter despite increased metals cost mainly gold, which had about a $15 million headwind. Finally, similar to last quarter, while currency translation is creating increased operating income in the segment, it is causing a headwind to our operating margin percentage in this segment of more than 60 basis points in the quarter. Turning to our Network Solutions segment, sales grew 15% on a reported basis and 6% organically. Sales to the building networks portion of the segment were up 15% organically due to increased data center and infrastructure spending. As we stated in the last call, we do expect organic growth in this market to slowdown to single-digit levels. In the energy market of the segment, our sales grew 5% in the quarter and we experienced growth in all regions with strength in transmission products more than offsetting some housing related softness in distribution products. And finally, our sales for the communication service provider market were down slightly with growth in a 11% in North America offset by the declines in Europe. As Tom mentioned, we continue to see lower network investment levels from our customers in Europe. And for the network segment overall, we expect quarter four revenue levels to be slightly lower than this quarter, driven by a slowdown in spending levels by the U.S. telecom carriers. Adjusted operating margin for the network segment declined 360 basis points to 12.2%. Lower productivity levels in this segment and a lower margin sales mix caused by continued revenue declines in the European communication service provider market drove the decline. We are expecting similar margin levels in quarter four. Turning to the Undersea Telecommunications segment, sales grew 81% in the quarter. Activity remains extremely strong and we again booked several large projects during the quarter resulting in a backlog increase to $1.3 billion from $1.1 billion in the second quarter. We expect revenue in the range of $260 million to $270 million in the fourth quarter. Margins in this segment improved year-over-year by 210 basis points to 14.4%. Increased volumes and a favorable project mix drove the increase. In the fourth quarter, we expect to see a slight sequential decline in margins due to less favorable project mix. And finally, in our Wireless Systems segment, our sales grew 43% organically. Higher radio sales related to rebranding efforts of the customer were the primary diver of the increase, and these sales have had a very positive effect on our operating margin which increased to 17.3%. Now let me cover some other items on the income statement. Our net interest expense was $37 million in the quarter, which was down versus last year reflecting lower net debt levels. On taxes, our income tax expense was a $182 million in the quarter resulting in a GAAP effective tax rate of 36%. On an adjusted income basis, our effective tax rate was also a 36%. We expect our tax rate to be about 35% for the fourth quarter. Our cash taxes paid in the quarter were $106 million, and our cash tax rate on adjusted pre-tax income was 20%. And as I've stated previously, we expect our cash tax rate to remain around 20%. Our other income of $1 million was lower than our guidance, and this is entirely due to adjustments related to the tax sharing agreement. We also had a corresponding effect in our effective tax rate. However, tax planning initiatives that we put into place to make sure we get to our long-term planning goals offset that impact in the effective tax rate. For the fourth quarter, our estimate for other income is in the range of $10 million to $15 million. Finally, our net income from continuing operations was $317 million and EPS was $0.66 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. Our adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.70 per share, an increase of 43% over the prior year. Our EPS growth of $0.21 per share on adjusted basis year-over-year reflects a $0.09 improvement in the segment operations, a $0.06 benefit from the lower tax rate that Tom mentioned. A $0.04 benefit from lower share count and a $0.02 benefit from currency effects. Moving now to cash flow; our cash from continuing operations was $444 million which was essentially leveled with the prior year when you adjust for last year's advance tax payments to the IRS. While cash from operations was lower; we did have a $163 million grants which you need to add back for comparison purposes. Our free cash flow was $283 million in the quarter, which was down year-over-year primarily due to the timing of interest payments and a decrease in deferred revenue verses last year. As I talked about in the last earnings call, we received advanced payments in our project businesses last quarter for which we earned the revenues this quarter. Looking at primary working capital, we saw a four day reduction year-over-year although in absolute dollars it increased due to business levels. Our inventory days were 80 in the quarter, which was flat year-over-year, but down six day sequentially. Gross capital spending was a $167 million in the quarter, and we typically spend about 4% to 5% of sales on capital which is where that rate is. And finally, to touch upon a few other items, we spent $260 million to repurchase 7.3 million shares in the quarter. With the increased authorization Tom talked about, we have about $1 billion remaining on our share repurchase program. And also subsequent to quarter end, we issued $400 million of notes in both public and private transactions and this effectively completes the establishment of our long-term capital structure. Now, let me pass the call back over to Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. I'm not going to talk about the trends we are in the business and our outlook for Q4 and the full year 2008. Just imagine, as we did last year, we'll provide the guidance for the upcoming fiscal year, out fiscal year 2009, which starts October 1st, as part of our next earnings call. So I will not be touching on '09 here. For the fourth quarter, we expect sales growth of 6% to 8% with organic growth of 1% to 2%. We expect adjusted earnings per share of $0.65 to $0.67, which is another nice double-digit increase of 12% to 16% over the prior year. And we also expect another strong cash flow quarter, and this will mean that all four quarters of this year, our first year since separation will generate double-digit earnings per share growth in spite of a very weak U.S. economy in the businesses we serve. Now, let me talk a little bit about what we're seeing in our markets. Over the past two months, we have seen our order rate soften a bit particularly in the consumer related portion of our electronic segment, which includes automotive. So, our consumer business has been soft for a while, that softness has increased a bit in the last couple of months. As a result of this, we expect to flat revenue decline in our computer related... in consumer related revenues of about 1% to 2%. On the other hand, we expect solid high single-digit growth in our industrial and infrastructure businesses. And included in this high single-digit growth is a slowdown as Terrence mentioned in our telecom networks business due to delayed private deployments. We're well positioned with all the customers who are rolling out fiber in Europe and the U.S., but we expected it to continue to be slow in Q4. In addition, we've not included any revenue from the New York state wireless project in our fourth quarter guidance, as you know, we've been working on that project for a while and this is going to be a state-of-the-art public safety network when we turn it on. We are in the final stages of testing for the primary region build [ph] of this project and it looks like the first revenue from the project will occur early next year. When you net all this together, it adds up to about 1% to 2% organic growth for the fourth quarter. For the full year, we now expect adjusted earnings per share of $2.63 to $2.65 which is an increase of 23% to 24% over last year, and this compares to our previous guidance range of $2.60 to $2.66 per share. Our estimate of restructuring cost remains at approximately $130 million, which is about $0.17 per share for the full year. We expect full year sales growth of approximately 14% to 16%, and we continue to expect full year organic sales growth in the range of 7% to 9%. Our guidance does not take into account any additional divestiture activity and assumes that raw material prices and foreign exchange rates hold at their current level. It's been a little over a year since our separation from Tyco International, and I... as I said earlier, I feel we've made very good progress improving the overall capability and performance of our company. Let me just highlight a few things. All four of our business segments are now generating double-digit operating margins and three of the four are right around the 14% level in Q3. Networks, lagging at 12%. Our industrial and infrastructure businesses which are about 50% of our revenue have grown at double-digit rate this year. And in virtually all these markets, we've strengthened our position over the past year. We have improved the health of our portfolio through the divestiture or exit of approximately $1.1 billion of underperforming revenue which has helped our margin, and gives us more management focus on the most important opportunities we have. As I mentioned earlier, and very importantly, our operating margins have improved to the 14% range, a 150 basis point increase from where we were a year ago; and this is due to a combination of a more focused product portfolio, stronger sales growth again in our industrial and infrastructure businesses, progress in the early stages of our productivity improvement efforts and better pricing. And this has more than offset higher commodity cost. And then lastly, but of course very importantly, we continue to generate significant cash flow which to-date has enabled us to repurchase 28 million share worth about $1 billion. And now with the new authorization, we have another $1 billion remaining. All the above gives me and our team a lot of confidence that we remain on track to achieve the key three year financial goals, which we initially laid out in June of 2007, and reiterated last month at the investor conference and they are 5% to 7% organic growth over the cycle, 15% plus operating margin in fiscal 2010, solid double-digit EPS growth and cash flow about equal to net income. So, overall really pleased with the quarter. As I mentioned in the outlook, we do see some softening, we're going to keep our eye on that. And now, we will open it for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin of Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Just a quick question on the SG&A and gross margin trends, it looks like gross margin was down sequentially and SG&A in a dollar basis was down substantially. Was that just due to mix or did anything else happen there?
Terrence Curtin: Matt, it's Terrence. Two things yes. Sequentially, it's due to business mix and also a little bit to how currency translation comes through well that's basically what's happened sequentially.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And then just following up on gross margin; I know at your Analyst Day, you talked about passing along some pricing... raw materials price increases to customers, how successful has that been and what kind of contribution was that to either revenue or margin?
Tom Lynch: Hi, Matt this is Tom. We're getting better at that. I think our processes as I have mentioned before, we did a lot in the last couple of years to tighten up our process and make sure we are more nimble in the marketplace. And as you know, the nature of most of our businesses are lot of relatively small projects that we are pricing all the time. Having said that, we estimate that we're getting back about 50% of the gold increase that we've seen. There is a lag effect cold of course with the top $50 tomorrow; we would not get our prices adjusted right away. But we're doing pretty well while covering that so that if the volumes that we have and at productivity levels we have as we get in Q3, we can improve the margin.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Great. And just lastly, could you update us on the plan consolidation efforts, what happened in the quarter and your plans for the next quarter?
Tom Lynch: No. We had a few of that we initiated in the quarter. Nothing really big. The quarter for us was more continuing to execute some of the big wins we started in the fourth quarter and the first half of this year. We are now going to coming into a phase; we can't get into specifics where we're going to see another ramp up in the level of restructuring.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Lynch: You are welcome.
Operator: Okay thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good morning, guys.
Tom Lynch: Good morning, Amit.
Amit Daryanani: I guess just a question, I'm sure its in everyone line of suspect, as you are looking at the next quarter of guidance, you are seeing some material organic growth degradation. I know you touched on the auto business being a little bit stronger than you expected this quarter, your appliance segment was actually up 7% organically and I think the consumer business did better than what it did in the quarter before. I guess I'm just wondering, do you think you saw some pull ins [ph] in the June quarter did you restocking or probably purchases ahead of some price increases which was what September maybe a little bit softer?
Tom Lynch: Amit, no. I don't think... I actually... we expect that a little bit when we announced pricing to the distribution channel it was going to be effective early in the fourth quarter. But we didn't really see that much pull inns. As far as auto; auto was very strong in Q3. I mean it was double-digit in Europe, right around 10, it was over 15... 17% in Asia. We expect that Asia to be more 10% to 12% in Q4 and Europe to come down to 2% to 3%. If you look at Q3 and Q4 together, it's running at above the 6% level which it's averaging for the year. Last year, Europe Q4 was 5% sales. I think from where we started a quarter ago to where we sit now. The single biggest changes, auto was stronger in Q3, a little a weaker in Q4. Overall, probably about the same and the telecom businesses is weaker in Q4. And of course I mentioned, we took the state of New York out. So no pronounced trends, but hey we are watching it closely as you can imagine.
Terrence Curtin: And Amit, our appliance business was only up about 1 or 2 points.
Amit Daryanani: All right. And then I guess again it relates to Tom said you said you don't want to talk about fiscal line trends at this point, I guess maybe just talk about why the immediate reaction [ph] of extrapolating the soft organic trends in the September quarter, throughout fiscal '09, its probably not the right way to look at things?
Tom Lynch: Yes. I think its not. Its only one data point and it's also for automotive business. Its one thing seasonally, naturally slowdown a bit because of the model change over. It's to hard to call where the U.S. market, immediately [ph] is going to be, and its worse than we thought it would... we knew its going to be tough a year ago, but we didn't think it's going to be this tough. On the other hand Eastern Europe and China exports from the Western Europe to Eastern Europe, China has been stronger I think anybody expect this. I wouldn't, I mean its too early to tell, this is an important quarter for us to... for our fourth quarter to understand. how that sets us up thrown in '09.
Amit Daryanani: All right and just finally, I am going to hop off after this, the wireless systems sales have been strong business from the customer rebounding. Do we expect that sales contribution to continue this with Q4? Was it a one quarter blip and how should we think about margins next quarter in that segment?
Terrence Curtin: I think when you look at next quarter, I think wireless sequentially will look very similar sequentially. Q4 typically is very strong for all wireless segment. Historically and as Tom said Q4 won't have any impact for the state of New York in it which was in our prior guidance.
Amit Daryanani: In margins I am sorry Terrence should stay around the levels then--
Terrence Curtin: I think they are similar in quarter four it's similar to quarter three.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. Thanks a lot guys.
Tom Lynch: Amit just to add a point to that, our business there is stronger than it was a year ago, our base of business is stronger and of course, to think of most important thing for us is to get phase I of New York approved.
Amit Daryanani: Got it.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Ajay Kejriwal of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ajay Kejriwal: Good morning, gentleman.
Tom Lynch: Good morning.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Ajay.
Ajay Kejriwal: Just wanted to maybe touch a little bit on the New York state project I know it's close part of the prior guidance but is not now the full year. So maybe if you could talk about what's the dealing that project and when do you expect revenues and also is just because you pulled that out of the guidance how much did that hurt your guidance on the top-line and on EPS?
Tom Lynch: Sure, New York is up there just a few days ago setting up our projects progress excuse me, it is two big pieces I think in terms of going through the testing on this kind of a project. The first one is that we... a key part of this is delivering significantly improved coverage for the folks to use it. The state leagues and all the other state agencies and we passed that test about six to eight weeks ago. So the coverage, really is the best coverage of any system of it's type in the world. Now we are into the new degree testing of the radio. So people driving around and using these, devices in every imaginable way to make sure they do what they say they should do. So the typical process on this is the test you find a few bugs here and there, you fix the bugs you retest, and that's where we are and we were in the last probably 30 days of it and it's a stressful time for everybody involved. But having... since its coming down so close to the wire at the end of the quarter, we just felt its prudent to take it out of the quarter. We could get acceptance in early September but have a punch lift and maybe that wouldn't enable us to recognize revenues. So I just thought the prudent thing to do is take it out but we would expect to recognize the first phase revenue early next year.
Terrence Curtin: And Ajay from your question on numbers, it's about $40 million of revenue and a little bit more than a penny.
Ajay Kejriwal: Okay. So if that was in your new guidance, it could have been... the top end would have been similar to your old guidance?
Tom Lynch: Correct.
Ajay Kejriwal: Yes, okay. Moving to Europe auto I know you talked about slowdown sequentially 2% to 3% but maybe some more color on what's, is it production slowdown you're seeing, is it general economy and I know you don't want to talk about '09, but any general thoughts on what you expect going forward in Europe?
Tom Lynch: Well I think its coming off really robust quarters, so I think there's a little bit of that. So we didn't expect the growth rate to be like it was in Q3, even when we said here a quarter ago we expected Q3 to be much stronger than Q2, and Q4 to slowdown again. I think the thing we're watching closely is the demand for vehicles in Western Europe. About a half of woods producing Germany which is the big exporter there, those other are the places and exports to U.S. decline several quarters ago and this really got, redirected to Eastern Europe, Russia, China etcetera. So, that market continues to be a pretty robust. I think the question that we are watching very carefully and its, really too early to tell. As is this there a slippage in demand in Western Europe. So that's where we are factoring into our Q4 we got about a 2% to 3% growth rate as I mentioned versus 10% in Q3 versus last year's 5% in Europe. Year-over-year both had about 6% in Europe, So, '07 grew 6% in Europe, '08 is going to grow about 6% in Europe.
Ajay Kejriwal: Got it. And maybe finally if you could update us on progress on restructuring in Europe, any new initiatives in the quarter?
Tom Lynch: No new initiatives in the quarter in Europe. Working a on a lot of things in the planning stage but of course until we formally announce them through the appropriate channels, we can't say anything but you know we have a lot a work to do here yet.
Ajay Kejriwal: Got it, thanks.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Jim Suva of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Hi, thanks very much. Tom can you just clarify a little bit, you talked about the European auto market. Some of the recent trends from there for both Western and Europe are actually showing a little bit of a deceleration. Can you again talk about what you are seeing there in Europe and your expectations for European auto?
Tom Lynch: We are seeing that too Jim. It's not yet pronounced as our 10% growth in Q3 and 2% to 3% growth in Q4 because Q3 was unusually high, but that's why we have taken that's one of the reasons why we adjusted the Q4 outlook down because we do feel it. It's a little slower. Its hard to tell its just a trend... beginning of a trend is it's just an adjustment but its definitely a little bit slower. We don't sense any massive things going on in Europe like you see any where near you will see going on in the U.S. it's more of fine tuning down of the production so are the OEM.
Jim Suva: Fine, can you just clarify why you tuned it down from or say from the reported quarter to now what you expect the quarter to be?
Tom Lynch: By a about a percent.
Jim Suva: Okay. And then second follow-up question, can you and maybe this is a question for your whole team but, when you talk about that other income line that you guys were expected at least $10 million to $15 million. I had thought that there was an offset of lower tax if that line comes in lower that those two should typically wash themselves out and it came in $1 million but your tax, wasn't benefited from that and it seems like you kind of left $0.02 of EPS on the table this quarter but now looking out to next quarter, it seems like A; you are not recouping all of that, you are just going back to the steady stage. I thought that the other income line and the tax line had some type of washing or counter levels there?
Terrence Curtin: Yes Jim this is Terrence. As I stated on the prepared comments you are correct how you think about it, that came down also we had a favorable impact in the tax rate, but due to tax planning initiatives that we were working on. We actually also took a hit in the quarter by a similar amount in the effective tax rate, that sort of mass not affecting that you would expect to see, but that was a one-time effect does that other income being down this quarter, just due to some adjustments related to the sharing agreement.
Jim Suva: In those adjustments do they implement on going or looks like its coming back?
Terrence Curtin: One-time. So that's why you see that rebounding back in the fourth quarter. They were one-time adjustments and then the planning, we did gets us down to a lower rate here in quarter four, as we mentioned being down to 35% versus the 36%, we mentioned previously.
Jim Suva: Okay and $10 million to $15 million forward-looking is a good rate let's say even beyond the next quarter like a consistent run-rate or is it?
Terrence Curtin: I think that's right now is the way you should think about it.
Jim Suva: Great, thank you very much gentleman.
Tom Lynch: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison: Good morning, just a few clarification, the $50 million increase in global is that sequentially or year-over-year?
Terrence Curtin: Year-over-year.
Tom Lynch: Year-over-year.
Shawn Harrison: Year-over-year. And then secondly if you could just highlight what your hedging strategies are right now for commodities?
Tom Lynch: Shawn it hasn't changed from what we have mentioned before. On copper we had been fixing out commitments out, I would say right now we are only fixed out into the next quarter which... blended rate right now is probably about a 350 to 360. We currently do not hedge any gold.
Shawn Harrison: Okay, and then just looking at the Undersea Telecom business maybe I missed this, but did you state what the backlog was exiting the quarter?
Tom Lynch: That's 1.3 billion Shawn.
Shawn Harrison: Okay and that's up sequentially?
Tom Lynch: That is up from 1.1, we landed three new projects some of those do go out into '10. I would say from where we see Undersea for next year it's still in that $700 million to $800 million range with where we sit today, with certainly activity remains good there.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. Just thirdly, wireless systems given the better mix here that's expected for the fourth quarter from some of the handsets. Does that continue into 2009 or should we see kind of slip back in terms of the profitability?
Tom Lynch: That's going to slide back a little bit Shawn. There is a lot of rebounding this year, where operators are trading out because of the frequency changes out there. So it's a little hard to accurately predict the rate at which that happens and so we were, we'll use a better rate this year than we expected but we would expect that to decline a little bit next year.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And it seems like the incremental margins on the rebranding here 50% plus?
Tom Lynch: Yes, there, its attractive.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then finally any share repurchase activity you quoted a date I know, I think you stated that?
Tom Lynch: Yes, we've done about a $100 million since the end of the quarter. So, we've have a... done a $1 billion under the whole program to-date and with the authorization, we're increasing up to 2 billion we still have a billion to go.
Shawn Harrison: Okay, thank you very much.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Shawn, welcome.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Margaret Cappora [ph] of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, I just had a... housekeeping question on your outlook, your adjusted EPS is at $2.63 to $2.65 for the year. That's $2 for the first three quarter of the year, is that just rounding or something because at--
Tom Lynch: It's share count.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Tom Lynch: Share count average for the quarter versus for the full year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you.
Tom Lynch: And the math works.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
Tom Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And there are no further questions, please continue.
John Roselli: Okay, well thank you for joining us. The Investor Relations team will be around all day to answer any follow-up questions. And we look forward to talking to you at future events. Take care.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen this conference will be made available for a replay after 10:30 AM today until Wednesday August 6th at midnight. You may access AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701, entering access code 942723; international participants dial 1320-365-3844. Again the access code is 942723. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Roselli Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer RBC Capital Markets Jim Suva Merrill Lynch Shawn Harrison Credit Suisse Ajay Kejriwal Deutsche Bank Securities Yuri Krapivin
Vice President, Investor Relations: Tom Lynch - CEO Terrence Curtin Analysts Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Amit Daryanani Citigroup Steven Fox Longbow Research William Stein Goldman Sachs Carter Shoop Lehman Brothers
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Tyco Electronics Reports Strong Second Quarter Results; Increases Full-Year Outlook Conference Call. Now, at this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a remainder this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the meeting over to our host Mr. John Roselli, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Lauri. Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics second quarter results for fiscal year 2008 and the press release issued earlier this morning. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch and Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. The press release and all related tables can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at tycoelectronics.com. On our website, we have also included an 8-K filing containing the historical financials adjusted for the reclassification of our RF Components and Subsystems business from Wireless Systems segment into discontinued operations. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments and a review of our performance by end markets.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, John and good morning to everyone. As this is our usual format, I will cover the key highlights for the quarter and then turn it over to Terrence who will walk you through the financial details and then I will wrap up with our outlook. Overall, we were very pleased with our performance in the quarter. Our top line growth of 14%, which was 7% organically reflects the diversity of our market mix and our balanced global presence and really a similar dynamics as we had in Q1. Our businesses that serve infrastructure and industrial markets, which represent about 40% of our sales and that includes undersea, wireless, networks and the industrial markets served by our Component segment grew 18% organically in the quarter. This more than offset the continued softness we are seeing in certain consumer markets in our Component segment, namely the U.S. portion of our automotive business, appliances, computers and consumer electronics. These markets were about flat in aggregate in the quarter. We are also pleased with our operating income performance in the quarter. Our 7% organic sales growth delivered an adjusted operating income increase of 17% over the prior year and our adjusted operating margin increased slightly to 14%. Our margins were up significantly in our Undersea and Wireless segments due to the volume growth we had in those businesses along with a more favorable sales mix in both businesses. Our sales mix was unfavorable in our Network Solutions segment as our most profitable market, our Telecom business, experienced a slight revenue decline. We had another very good cash flow quarter generating $349 million of free cash flow, a 47% increase over the prior year. We used this cash to repurchase over 10 million of our shares in the quarter. We also had another quarter of good progress to become a more focused company with the announcement that we were pursuing the divestiture of RF Components and Subsystems business formerly in the Wireless Systems segment. Now, I'm going to talk about our revenue performance in several key end markets by segment. Starting with our Electronic Component segment, our sales grew 9% in the quarter or 1% organically and as expected we had low organic growth in the quarter for some of the reasons I mentioned earlier and I will touch on now. Our sales for the automotive markets grew 12% overall and 2% organically. On an organic basis, we grew 3% in Europe where we generate more than half of our automotive sales. As we'd indicated on the last call, we had expected this business to decelerate after the very strong 9% growth we generated in Q1. In Asia, our sales grew 10% organically lead by very strong growth in China where we have a very nice position. In the U.S. our sales were down 17% in the quarter driven by significant production cuts by the U.S. manufacturers. Overall, our global order rates for this business remain solid and we expect organic sales growth to return to the mid single digit range in the third quarter. In the computer market our sales declined 6%, the decline was partially due to the continued exit of the low-margin product line especially in the desktop segment of the market. In addition, we are also being more selective with new projects in this area due to the commoditized nature of this market and this is consistent with the strategy we announced over a year ago. In our communications market, our sales grew 14% organically in the infrastructure portion of this market, which is about 60% of our revenue, sales grew 5% lead by growth in emerging market. This will offset declines in the U.S. and EMEA, a continuation of the weakness we've seen in those markets for the past couple of quarters. In the mobile phone market which is about 40% of our communications sales, revenue grew 43% in the interconnect products portion of this market as we continued to gain share in this very, very important market. We expect our sales to continue to be strong in this market for the remainder of the year. In industrial markets, we grew 26% and 16% on an organic basis, reflecting increased demand in the solar, oil and gas and industrial equipment segments of the market. Our sales to the aerospace and defense market grew 17% including currency or a 11% organically. We continued to build backlog in this market and expect continued solid sales growth for the balance of the year. In the appliance market, our sales declined 5% organically primarily due to the continued negative impact from the U.S. housing market. This is the continuation of the last several quarters and we do not expect this market to turn up for the balance of the year. Finally, in the consumer electronics market, our sales declined 20% in the quarter. We do not yet have a significant presence in this market and the platforms where we are strong had low volumes in the quarter. Let me now talk about our Network Solutions segment where sales grew 14% on a reported basis and 5% organically. Our Building Networks business was up 14% organically as we continued to see increased infrastructure spending, particularly in China and India where we have a leadership position. In the energy market, our sales grew 5% in the quarter. Growth was solid in EMEA and Asia and this was partially offset by decline in North America, again related to the housing slowdown. Finally, our sales for the communications service provider market were essentially flat with growth in North America offset by lower than expected sales levels in Europe. As we mentioned on the last call, we were expecting a seasonally slower quarter in this market but we were also more impacted by fiber... slowdown at fiber rollout by certain characters in Europe and this was a bit of a disappointing quarter for us in this market. We do expect, however, to see this bounce back... begin to bounce back in the third quarter. For the Network segment overall we grew our backlog in the quarter and we continue to expect organic sales growth in the 6% to 8% range for the year. We had another strong quarter in our Undersea Telecommunications business. Our sales grew 122% in the quarter. Activity continues to remain robust and we booked several large projects during the quarter resulting in a backlog that remains over $1 billion. We'll begin work on these projects in the second half resulting in higher sales levels that we had been expecting. Finally, in our Wireless Systems segment, which now consists of only our public safety business, our sales grew 24% organically, primarily reflecting higher radio sales related to re-banding efforts for the major customer. We expect Q3 to be another good quarter for this segment. With respect to the State of New York Wireless project, we concluded our testing on the first region with very good results and we've now turned over testing to the State. Once their testing is complete we will begin to recognize revenue on the project and we expect this will occur in the fourth quarter. Now let me turn it over to Terrence who will take you through the financials in more detail.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Since Tom did go through the revenue trends, I'll go through the P&L then cash flow and a few other items. Our operating income in the quarter was $501 million on a GAAP basis, which included a $36 million gain from the sale of real estate in our Electronic Components segment, $26 million of restructuring costs and $23 million charge related to our portion of Tyco International Security Litigation settlement with the State of New Jersey. Our GAAP operating margin was 13.7%. On an adjusted basis, our operating income was $514 million, an increase of 17% over the prior-year. The increase in operating income was driven by sales growth, improved productivity and pricing as well as the favorable impact of currency effects. These positive effects were partially offset by higher commodity costs. Our adjusted operating margin was 14%, an increase of 20 basis points over the prior year lead by Undersea and Wireless. Turning to segment performance, in our Electronic Components segments, the adjusted operating income increased 8% year-over-year on organic sales growth of 1% and the adjusted operating margin declined slightly to 14.4%. Improvements in productivity and pricing essentially offset the margin impact of relatively flat volume and higher commodity costs. Overall, we were pleased with our margin performance in the quarter in light of these headwinds. Going into Q3, certainly raw material headwinds will persist and this is reflected in our guidance. The adjusted operating margin in the Network Solutions Segment, we had a decline of 140 basis points to 12% in the quarter. This was primarily due to the mix of sales between end markets including a decline of almost 20% in the communication service provider market in Europe in our sales. That decline negatively impacted our productivity in our operations in this segment. We do expect our margins for the segment to improve to 13% to 14% range in the third quarter. In our other two segments, Undersea Telecommunications and Wireless Systems, both had a very nice year-over-year margin improvement. Both segments benefited from strong sales increases and a favorable sales mix. In the Undersea segment, the favorable project mix drove our margin higher sequentially, despite the lower revenue. In Wireless, which now excludes the RF Components and Subassembly business, we expect double-digit margins for the rest of this year. As we talked to you about before, these are both project-oriented businesses, so there will be sales and margin variation depending upon the projects and force and the related timing of our execution on the projects. Now to non-operating matters, on interest expense, it was $40 million in the quarter. This was down slightly versus last year reflecting lower net debt levels. In taxes, our income tax expense for the $171 million in the quarter resulting in a GAAP effective tax rate of 36%. On an adjusted income basis, our effective tax rate was 32.6% compared to our guidance of 36% to 37% and this added approximately $0.03 to our EPS related to guidance. The lower tax rate reflects the patchable effect of an improvement in our full-year tax rate based upon some of the planning that we've completed. We now expect our tax rate to be approximately 36% for the next two quarters. On cash taxes, cash taxes paid in the quarter were $118 million and our cash tax rate on adjusted income was 24%. This was slightly up year-over-year this reflects a $0.09 improvement in our operations, $0.02 from a lower share count, and also a $0.02 benefit from currency effects. These positive effects were offset partially by $0.06 headwind from a higher tax rate. Turning to cash flow, our statement of cash flow was affected by the final transfer of the Tyco International class action settlement that drove off our balance sheet. While we funded our shares of the settlement last year, it is treated as a cash outflow in our operating cash flow with a corresponding inflow in our investing cash flow. It has no impact whatsoever on our overall financial position or capital structure. When you adjust for this item, our cash from continuing operations was $479 million, an increase of 32% over the prior-year quarter. Also as Tom mentioned, the free cash flow was $349 million, an increase of 47% primarily reflecting operating income levels increases as well as some advance payments from customers in our project businesses. Looking at our working capital, our receivables and payables were 69 days and 54 days respectively. Our inventory levels increased modestly to 86 days as we built inventory for the expected sequential sales increase in quarter three. On a year-on-year comparison, we are up slightly. Most of that is driven by investment in the State of New York, which is reflected in our inventory balance on our balance sheet. Now, a few other items I want to highlight. During the quarter, we repurchased 10.3 million shares and where that leaves us at the end of the quarter, we had approximately 650 million remaining on the current authorization. And also as we mentioned in the press release, we're now reporting the results of our RF Components and Subsystems businesses as a discontinued operation. The results of this business were included in our previous guidance for the quarter and the full year. In the second quarter, the business generated $114 million of revenue and $4 million of operating income, which was about $0.005 per share after tax. For the full year, we had expected this business to contribute approximately $0.04 per share. With that let me turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Terrence. I'll cover our outlook now for the third quarter and the balance of the year. As you saw in our press release, we are raising our full-year outlook for adjusted EPS to a range of $2.60 to $2.66 per share, which is an increase of 21% to 24% over last year. This compares to our previous guidance of $2.45 per share to $2.55 per share. Our estimate of restructuring costs remains at approximately $130 million or 17% per share for the full year. We expect full-year sales growth of approximately 14% to 16% and we continue to expect full-year organic sales growth in the range of 7% to 9%. And just as a reminder, our guidance does not take into account any additional divestiture activity and it does assume that raw material prices and foreign exchange rates hold at the current levels. The increase in the guidance is based on our order rates, which remain solid especially in the businesses serving the global infrastructure, industrial and automotive markets. And as a result, our second half backlog is firmed up. This is more than offsetting continued softness in most of our consumer related markets. Again, a continuation of the trend we've seen for the last several quarters. We also continue to get a net benefit from the strength of foreign currencies. For the third quarter, we expect sales growth of 15% to 17% over prior-year sales of $3.3 billion with organic growth of 7% to 9% and double-digit operating income growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.66 to $0.68, an increase of 35% to 39%. The year-over-year comparison does benefit from a lower tax rate and higher other income compared with the prior-year quarter. These items favorably impact the comparison by $0.07 per share. Restructuring costs are expected to be in the range of $0.03 per share in the third quarter and including these costs. EPS from continuing operations are expected to be $0.63 to $0.65 per share. Now, just let me recap our call for today before we go into Q&A. The diversity of our business in global presence is paying off with organic growth of 7%, adjusted operating income of 17% and adjusted earnings per share of 12%. Operating margins are up slightly year-over-year to 14% and we continued to track to our long-term goal of 15%. And as you recall, a year ago, our margin including businesses that we've since divested or announced we're going to divest was about 12.7%. So, we're making good, steady progress in this area. Our strong cash flow generation was used to repurchase over 10 million shares. We made another significant step forward in focusing our business with the planned divestiture of the Wireless Component and Subsystems business. And all four segments in the company now have double-digit operating margin. And if you add in the Power business and the product lines we've exited in, primarily in computer but also some in a few other market segments, we've divested or announced the divestiture of about $1.2 billion of low-margin in non-strategic revenue today. And finally, we are increasing our EPS outlook to a 21% to 24% growth over the prior year, again based on strong Q2 earnings and backlog increases in all of our segments along with some FX lift. So with that, we feel pretty good about the quarter, we are making progress on our longer-term objectives and now we'll open it up for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead.
Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you and good morning. Just a question on the margins going forward, it looks like you definitely had some favorable product mix within both components and your other divisions that helped boost the gross margin. So, going forward, given the mix in the June quarter, are you expecting that to be sustainable or will that be down a bit?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Hello Matt. Yes, we do expect the margin to run in the 14% range plus or minus 20 basis points depending on mix, commodity pricing, currency but we feel like we've got the business up to that 14% range and we should stay in there for the next couple of quarters.
Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: And if you breakdown gross margin versus SG&A, is it similar to last quarter? It looks like SG&A was up a good bit in the March quarter. So, was that partly currency related or some extra expenses from your other divisions?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Matt, it's Terrence, let me get the SG&A. SG&A is always going to bounce around a little bit. It was a little bit higher this quarter. You will see year-to-date it's right on 12%. I think that is the right long-term rate to think about. There is a lot's of moving parts in there bases up on where sales are, but I think you will always see our SG&A right around 12% and then Tom's point will be around 14% new line and that basically moves up to the gross margin.
Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then my follow-up also regarding margins and pricing, you talked about materials still being a bit of a headwind that you are offsetting that obviously through cost-cutting and other things, but going forward, have you looked at selective price increases particularly on your Components side? Have you talked to customers about that yet?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're always doing that that Matt and as you know in the Components business, most pricing is really on a project-by-project basis, but I think we've made pretty good progress in the last year or so in how we go to... how we implement pricing, our overall pricing controls and our price erosion is down from where it has been. So yes, we are constantly working the pricing angle and, I think, making steady progress.
Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Amit.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: I guess you... I heard the comments on the Components margins and how it went down about 20 basis points sequentially at least... year-over-year, I'm sorry. But if I look at it sequentially, they were up actually about 50 basis points on relatively flat sales. Could you just talk about puts and takes, I know you had a better mix, but how about 50 basis points from the restructuring benefit that we may be seeing over here?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: One of the big things there, as you recall, we had been struggling in our North America automotive business where sales have been down and remained down there. But as we went through some restructuring there, we did have some issues. That began to stabilize and improve in Q2 so that definitely helped the margin, a little bit favorable mix, pricing a little bit better. So those are the three main things that account for the improvement.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then just on the Undersea Telco business, I know you guys said you expect better sales in the back half than you initially expected, but I think it was around $150 million run rate. It's really every time I pick the newspaper, you guys seem to be winning a new order in that segment. Could you just maybe quantify what you expect in the back half and also what sort of margins could this business run at?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Amit, it's Terrence, I will take that. When you look at Undersea, I think, Tom mentioned that, we were... we book new projects like you mentioned at the backlog at the end of quarter one was $1 billion and we've maintained that at end of March. So you're right that the $150 million that we talk about per quarter in Q3 and Q4, I would recommend you keep it more around $250 million in Q3 and more like a $225 million in Q4. On your margin question, the second quarter was almost 15%. That was a very high margin benefited by favorable mix. I would expect you should have more of a 13% to 14% operating margin mindset around that business than where we had it in Q2. So that will be a little bit of a headwind as we go through the rest of the year.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And just my final question, and hop off after that. On the Industrial segment, it seems really good organic trends over there. I'm not sure if you break it up this way, but if you do, it would be helpful. How much of that business is, sort of late cycle end-market driven, be it energy, oil and natural gas or power versus with the only cycle segments?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Well, our industrial has got a significant mix to it. So, there is a piece of oil and gas per sure. Alternative energy has been very high, alternative lighting, which is still a small business but it's very, very high growth. And then as factories move to Ethernet-based communications and controls that piece. So, there is a number of there and also buried within our industrial is our medical business, which is experiencing nice growth, very brood based.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: But, doesn't sound like there is a lot of residential or light commercial kind of exposure in there?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: No.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: The piece of residential is flat to down.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thanks a lot and congratulations on the quarter.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great. Thanks very much. Can you talk a little bit about, I think you had mentioned Wireless expect double digits going forward. When you talk about double digits, are you talking 12% to 16% type thing or as we start to see more of the equipment and the product rollout that the Wireless starts to really increase there?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I think right now, Jim, similar to Undersea, Wireless is going to have some flows based up on how projects are moving. I would right now put it in the low double digits at where we are from a scale. It is a small business. As it grows I think you could see that move up. For my comments really for the rest of the year expected in the low double digits.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: And then on the Undersea, very nice improvement there, but you mentioned that the backlog has remained stable and in essence you have one more business added into the bucket there. I guess it would be fair to say that that Undersea Telecom business should see potentially even margin enhancement beyond the 15%. Is that fair? Are we talking approaching 18% to 20% or I just want to keep expectation realistic there?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Jim, as I mentioned to Amit, the 15% we saw really was a factor of some product mix that we had in the quarter between contracts. I still think, and how we think about it, it is still 13% to 14% at these business levels.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. And as a quick follow up. There has been some talks about some fiber optic push outs or delays in Europe or something. Can you talk or give us a little bit of light on that?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. That was the primary reason for our second quarter Telecom portion of our Networks business being under the performance we expected. That business for the last year, I would say, has been pretty lumpy. The underlying characteristics were still very attractive and all of the telecoms we are dealing with over there have pretty robust fiber plans because of competitive requirements. But the rate of deployment tends to be [inaudible]. Nobody stops but sometimes it accelerates and it slows down as they refine each of their on strategy. So mid to long term, we really like our position there and that it can't be a little bit lumpy like it was this quarter for us in the short term.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Are these just temporary push outs or these are like cancellations or do they come back in?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're not seeing cancellations. It's more temporary.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay, great. And if my math is right, my last point of clarification here, are you about halfway through of your divestiture plan and seems like it's progressing, in my mind, may be a little bit faster that what you thought for about a three-year run rate?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: With the announcement of the most recent one, that would put us about two-third and the two big important ones were Power and RF business. So we focus on those big ones and additionally, as I mentioned, have been exiting some product lines. So, we are two-thirds of 70% there and I'd say we are slightly ahead of plan, Jim.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Thank you and congratulations.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: We go next to the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. First question on the Auto business, you've talked about some of the puts and takes and you also talked about reaccelerating of year-over-year growth, but can you talk sequentially how much seasonality factors into that for the June quarter and where it is at and also how the comparisons look versus a year ago?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I think from Q2 to Q3 sequentially versus year-over-year, Steve, it's not so much a seasonality. We had... business was really strong in Q1, particularly at the end of Q1. We expected a little bit of slowdown in Q2 and now our orders have been solid through Q2 and we expect that to go back to the 5% to 6% range in Q3 and for the year, we expect that to run in that range. So, very, very strong growth in China, in particular. Feel like we're gaining share and we're strong in the Japan market and with the new products we've launched in last year, we're growing faster than the market there. We are strong in Korea although that market has been a little slow. You know the U.S. story. And Europe has been pretty solid and we continue to... we think Europe will be a little slower in the second half for automotive than the first half but still going to be solid and third quarter will be better than second quarter.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Great. And then just to make sure I'm clear, so, the catch up you did in the Carolinas, I guess, last quarter you said you were a little bit behind than where you're planned to be. So, is the restructuring all done in the Carolinas for those three plants having been consolidated?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: It's largely done. We're still not running at the productivity level that we would expect to. Now part of that is because the market is down so much. But part of it is because we're just not where we should be but we are doing a little bit better than we did in first quarter, which was better than we did in the fourth quarter of last year. So we're making progress.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: And then, last question on restructuring. So, can you give us an update on plans for Europe? Is there anything that we should be focusing on for second half of the calendar year in terms of accomplishments over there?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: No, we can't, as you know, we can't get specific because of the requirements of all these things but if you... we're still estimating that we are going to spend about $130 million for the year. We spend roughly $50 million in the first half of the year and the fourth quarter will be more significant than the third quarter.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: I guess, what I was getting at Tom is there any... in your full-year guidance, now does that have some improvements in Europe from restructuring?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Not significant.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi, good morning. Looking at the Undersea Telecom business, I guess, if you can provide some additional visibility into potential order trends beyond the $1 billion backlog. Is this the peak we're looking at right now and maybe what are you seeing into the back half of '09 and what should margins look like at that point in time?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Shawn, it's Terrence. When you look at the back half of '08, I said the $250 million and $225 million. Certainly order and activity remains robust. We're benefiting this year from the China project called TPE. So this year, when you take where we've been plus the next two quarters, we would be in excess of about $1 million of revenue this year. I would say that that is... it does benefit from that China project. We still see good order activity but right now, I don't think we would expect it to be $1 billion of revenue next year. That's what we see right now.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Just a couple of points to add to that China. I think, clearly if you go back where we expected this business six months ago is stronger than we thought. Really, three or four drivers there, redundancy for systems particularly in Asia, which really didn't have redundancy and if you recall there was an earthquake a couple of years ago of the Taiwan that had some damage, just more bandwidth in Asia because of Internet usage. And business that's always been kind of on again, off again in Africa, in the Middle East, particularly Africa, a couple of systems have started to happen, they've got funding, they've made deposit. So there is clearly more activity. It's hard to gauge visibility beyond '09 right now and that's one of the things we're working hard at a couple of these projects definitely kind of popped up unexpectedly. The good news is we are pretty well positioned with our combination of our technology and our shift infrastructure but I would say, it's pretty hard. We don't expect '09 to be as good as '08. We do expect it to be solid and beyond there it's hard to gain visibility right now.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: If revenues were declined to may be $175 million run rate in the business, what should we expect operating margins to look like?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Low to mid double digits, so probably more like a 12 to 13 verses where it is today. Since we have scaled the business after the Telecom bubble where this type of business activity, I would tend to think, will be in that 12 to 13 range if you're at your $700 million number annually that you quote.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. SO not much degradation?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: No.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Follow-up question, just on the share repurchase activity, maybe I missed this, but what are you expecting to do during the third quarter, do you expect to finish the plan by the end of the year and what's the likelihood of saying another share-repurchase authorization of a similar size once this is completed?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As we've said, Shawn, we're going to exercise share repurchases at excess capital and that's what we have been doing. So how we exercise the plan really will be a function of our cash generation and whether we have another strategic use for the cash. So we have been exercising under the program as we had very strong cash flow when we came out of last year with excess capital. Where we are now, it's really how we generate cash and how cash comes in will be how fast we look at the program, where something else come from.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: And this is obviously a program we review on a regular basis with our Board as we did. In the last Board meeting, they approved the $0.5 billion increase, so I think we need to get through Q3 and see how things are shaping up and see what other options we have and we will go from there which is pretty much the way we've been approaching it.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: I guess that poses a follow-up in terms of acquisition activity. With the divestitures winding down, where are you at right now in building up maybe the potential pipeline for acquisitions?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: We are beginning to build up a pipeline. Our priorities still are number one tighten up the operational performance of the company and while we're pleased with the progress we made over the last year, I don't think, you'd find anybody in our company who believes we're anywhere near hitting on all cylinders there. So that's still number one priority and in conjunction with that, continue to make sure, we focus the business and are really driving the products and businesses that make sense for us. So we have put more attention towards building a pipeline in selected industries with selected products. But I don't think you'd expect to see anything from us in the near term, next quarter or so.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, Thank you.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of William Stein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks. You spoke a little bit about capacity restructuring in the Carolinas and addressed the question in Europe. Can you remind us where we are in that process overall, what the plan was as of the spin and where we are today in terms of number of facilities?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Thanks Will. About a year ago, we estimated that based on everything we wanted to do at the time, we saw this being in the range of $500 billion builds to do this restructuring with about a three-year payback. The plan really kicked in the fourth quarter of last year when we did $40 million to $50 million. So we are about $100 million to $120 million in it pretty much about where we have expected, there has been in that period of time about 21 since we have announced. Some are large, some are small, some are medium and then as I mentioned earlier this would be an ongoing thing for the next couple years. So, still a fair amount of work to do for sure.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: The one thing I would add to that, when we announce an action it does take for a sizable action about a year to execute on. So there will be some delay in savings from execution announcement and getting through. So that is one thing that I want to make sure you understand
William Stein - Credit Suisse: 21 actions but not 21 plant closures, in other words.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Correct. And those could be migrations of product lines where the facility would still be in place.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Next, I am wondering if you can remind us of the distribution strategy in Components. I think there has been an adjustment there during last quarter. Any comments you can make on plans for distribution there?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, about 15% of our total business goes through distribution and that is really in our Components in our Networks business. Yes, we did... we went through an assessment of our effectiveness in the channel for about three months with our various business leaders and then recently we have announced a new position in company of Vice President of Global Distribution who reports into, [inaudible], the new Vice President of Marketing and our goal there is to become more effective through the channel. I would say, we do a decent job. We have a long history there. We are well represented, but there are clearly opportunities to put it into the operational execution category for us to do better through that channel and through our each channels. So that's what we recently announced to our distribution channel partners.
Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Appreciate it. One more quick follow-up, if I can, can you remind us of how raw materials might be impacting the Network Solutions business? I think there is a lot of copper that flows through there, correct me if I am wrong, but I'd like to know what the margin impact might have been in the quarter and how you think about that, how you manage it?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Our Network Solutions, well, we serve three markets, as you are aware, communication service provider, the energy and power utility as well as building networks. Really where metals impact the markets the most is really in our building networks, where we actually sell cabling. I mean that... in that market we actually have the ability to pass on copper prices. So, while it does impact us, we are able to pass that through. So it really doesn't have any impact on overall operating income.
Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: We will go next to the line of Ajay Kejriwal with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, gentlemen.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ajay.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Maybe just a quick follow-up on the automotive business in North America, 17% decline in revenues. Wondering if you could pass out [ph] what was volume versus pricing and also may be a... if you could relate that to the underlying production cuts that you're seeing in North America. To me it looked like a little more than production cuts. So, wondering if there was any inventory draw down or any issues with the restructuring or consolidation that you have mentioned.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks, Ajay. The vast majority of our issue is volume, although I will say that is the market where we are being more selective outside of the Connective productive line. We love the Connective product line and we would be more selective outside of that. So, we did decline with the North America suppliers a little more than they had production, which I believe is in the 11% to 12% range.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: So, the decline more than the production cuts was because of non-core product lines, is that a right way to think about it?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: That's the right way to think about it.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And just to add to what Tom said, the other thing there is the mix of customers. The big three production was down more than overall production in North America. That number was more like minus 15. The most of our business in the U.S. is related to the big three and our mix of business within the big three also had some impact on that decline as well.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it. So, in terms of your expectations for the second half, I know, you mentioned overall for the business you expect mid-single digit but if you could help us with what are your expectations for North America auto?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I would say running similar to the rate we're at. We are not... we're certainly not baking in or expecting any recovery in the second half.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ajay, if you look at production for the year is going to be down including all manufacturers, not just big three, it is going to be down 5% for the year in the latest JD Power and that's our expectation based upon where our businesses with that production.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: And I think the comps get easier as you get further into the year.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: So, without things improving the percentage decline may not be quite as large.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Maybe, just a question on the guidance, and if you could help me with the numbers here, $0.13 increase midpoint versus what you were previously. So, how much of that is from a lower tax rate now? You said, you're looking at 36% in the second half, first half was obviously much lower, so if I do my math correctly, the lower tax rate is about $0.08. Is that about correct or it there a different number?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: That 's a little heavy. Let me give you a little bit of a walk here and then Terrence can talk about taxes. So about 6% of the improvement is what we did in Q2. Then you have to back out the business that we discontinued which had $0.04 in our full-year and then we picked up about a little bit of improvement across the other business of about $0.05, $0.02 to $0.03 for Undersea Telecom, $0.03 to $0.04 for foreign exchange. That'll give you rough idea. We did get benefit in Q2 for tax. Now let Terrence talk to that.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ajay, the tax benefit we have for the year really relates to what we saw in quarter two as we were guiding to a 36% to 37% for the year at the low end. But that was really $0.03 here in the quarter, may be in your $0.08 you're not including the other income impact as that is also coming down which when I talk tax includes also the other income reduction that we are seeing as well which will be a negative.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay, so that net effect of tax and other income is the $0.03 to $0.04?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: $0.03, yes.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: For the full year?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: And we go next to the line of Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning, guys.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Wanted to first clarify something on the computing division within Components where we're continuing to walk away from businesses there or that comment more regarded on the year-over-year impact?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: That's primarily year-over-year. I think we're... I don't see any more significant tuning there. I mean, we kind of think of our computing businesses tree in big block, laptop, desktop and server storage. We like the server storage space, we like the most of the laptop space, the desktop has really become a commodity and we've been retrenching from there and our share is down significantly in that space.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Moving over to the handset markets, can you discuss where you're gaining share, not necessarily by customer or by region but rather buy product, type of connector, just to clarify?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd just say the share gains mostly in the connector space and we've introduced some new products around battery connectors, which have been pretty successful. So that has helped us. And we've grown our customer base for a long time. We are kind of re-energized in that business with Japanese handset makers, the we move to the Korean handset makers, and then we move to the European handset makers, though there is opportunity for us there to grow and we're pretty bullish about our prospects to continue our momentum in this category.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: When I think about the handset market I think of it becoming increasingly commoditized like the computing market and I know there is a lot of different connectors that go into handset and some of the antennas and hence connectors are a little bit less commoditized than others, but what is your view longer term for that market and in regards to growth and why is it so important for you guys to be a larger player in this market?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's 1.1 billion units a year. So it's a very big market, I'd say that it is very different from the computer market and I expect it to largely stay that way because increasingly the way the handset makers compete is through design. And design means differences in the way the phones look. Of course the other thing that's helpful is as you jam more features in into the footprint of a particular handset design, you need the connectors to be able to work within that footprint. So there still is an awful lot of customization, in fact I think it's much as there has ever been, if not more customization in those markets. And as you start pumping through higher data rates you need more sophisticated antennas. You'll probably see an evolution to fiber optic connectivity in there with higher data rates. So there is a lot of innovation obviously by our customers and that means we need to stay with this. So that's why we are bullish.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Moving up a little bit, can you discuss your longer-term outlook for organic growth within the Components division, maybe over the next kind of three to five years, how do you think about that?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I still think it's in the 5% to 7%, 6% to 8% range as we laid out our three-year goals last year. We talked about 5% to 7% growth range and that deals make a balanced rate of growth given our size in the market and given the market's historical growth rates and given where we see, increase in electronic and certain categories. For example, as you put hybrid systems in the cars, you have a significant increase in connectors at the same time we've been backing off on the commodity side. So I think 5% to 7% feels like the rate... growth rate for our business and I think there is, as we continue to improve operationally, there is a good deal of operating leverage that will come with that.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. Two more quick questions, if I may, in regards to the State of New York contract and the testing at the State level, can you help us better understand if there is any risk associated with that testing or if it's more a matter of [inaudible]?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd say with any big system, there is always risk and until you get that final sign off you don't have it. Having said that, I have been really pleased with our test results, the test results we get on call quality, which is really, really important of course in that industry have been the best we've ever seen and the State was very, very demanding and was really setting a new standard, not only for interoperability and for the ability for calls to be maintained when a fireman or a policeman is going five storeys down in a building which historically has been a problem in that industry. A bar was being raised and the coverage rates was being raised and we just completed three or four months of very, very expensive testing in the first two regions and did very well. The second phase of that as we turn it over to the customer and they go through two phases of testing and right now that testing is showing consistent results with our testing. So we feel good. First we've been working on the system for a couple of years. So we are anxious to get the first one up and running. The customers we deal with, I think, are really getting excited about bringing the first region on, but there is still timing risk, although I think it's slow right now. I really do, I think with everything we've progressed through in the last three to four months, our risk is down, but until we get that final sign off and turn it on and send the bill and get paid, we will still be a little bit anxious.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: That's helpful. In regards to the wireless division and being able to sell that to other states, are we getting to the point now where you can use this as a selling or marketing point to other jurisdictions or do we need to wait until the system is up and going before we can really leverage the work that you guys have done here in the State of New York?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Two things. Yes, we have been definitely using it and in the sense that one it's marked [ph] key customer and we bring people and to see that as well as by the way the State of Pennsylvania, which we completed over the last couple of years. And other thing is the system itself, which is pretty robust and has... it really has the state-of-the-art features for the early responders. It is being pretty well received out there. There are, in the last couple of quarters the orders in this business have been two of the best we've had ever. And I think we are on the verge of taking the business to another level because of New York, but also that's going to benefit us in other areas. We have to obviously deliver that into results. But I feel the best about this business for sure the two years I've been here.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. Thanks a lot and congratulations on a good quarter.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Carter.
Operator: And we will go next to the line of Yuri Krapivin with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Good morning.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Yuri.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: I wanted to ask you another question about your raw material exposure, so I believe you effectively hedged your corporate exposure probably at around 350 per pound through the end of June via some of the contracts with your suppliers. Obviously currently the copper is about 350. So what are your plans in that regard? Are you planning to rollover those contracts through the end of the calendar '08?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yuri, it's Terrence. We have been actively fixing with our suppliers and we, at this point, have in excess of 50% our requirements fixed through the end of our fiscal year right now. We will continue to evaluate what copper is when we look at going into next year, but our guidance includes the copper rate where it is at right now, 390 plus what we expect.
John Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: And just to add what Terrence said, Yuri, it's John. Gold is not an area where we are doing any hedging. So we're up year-over-year significantly on the pricing of gold and that is something that's been absorbed in our numbers. So when we talk about headwind it's really more of a gold discussion now than it is copper.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay, well that side are you planning to hedge gold?
John Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: We have not yet, we will continue to evaluate that, Yuri.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then my other question has to do with this other category within your Electronic Components segment. So the other piece, I think, comprises about 25% of the total segment and the growth rate there has been fairly lackluster for the rest... for the last several quarters and it looks like that other categories sort of consistently and it deforms the overall segment growth rate. So could you comment please on what do you have in that other category and what's happening there?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Sure, that's primarily our sales through distribution, Yuri. And that business has been relatively flat overall for the last year, I think largely reflecting market conditions and inventory in the channel. But I mean clearly we see there as an opportunity as I mentioned earlier for us to improve. That's what primarily in that 25% number.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you. And finally, you took a charge in the quarter for the litigation segment with the State of New Jersey, any other potential settlements that you see on the horizon that could trigger charges? A - Terrence Curtin>: Hi, Yuri, it's Terrence. When you look at the charge in the quarter, as you are aware [inaudible] responsible of the two-shared things as a result of shareholder lawsuits from the [inaudible] taxes. What we did last year was big class action settlement of $3 billion was finalized here in February and that's out. We have some opt-outs [ph] in that. State of New Jersey was part of that which continues to move that item, but there are a handful of other cases that were normal and overtime we could see some charges, but right now we have to defend our position on those, but [inaudible] there could be some other small charges.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question will be from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Guys, couple of follow-ups on, could you just talk about what sort of lead times are you getting from your customers on the Components side, but really the connector side especially? One of your peers actually talked about visibility shrinking to two weeks or so on their call, so, could you just talk about that?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Our typical lead-time, I think, when you average is about a month. That really hasn't changed too much and of course it depends by end market. But we haven't seen any significant change there.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then I may have missed this, but I know you guys bought 10 million shares up until the end of March quarter, could you just talk about how much you bought so far in the June quarter?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, when you look at the June quarter since [inaudible] exhausted the first authorization to 750 basically is where we are at right about now.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: About 100 million incremental from June?
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then just finally, I think there was a press release out a few days ago on the $4 million settlement you had with the State of New York. Just to clarify that has nothing to do with the State of New York project, which you guys are underway right now, correct?
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. We have been supporting, serving the state of New York in public safety for a long, long time and that was something we said is related to prior business.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Perfect. Thanks.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. Thanks, Amit.
John Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay, we have no further questions?
Operator: Speakers, back to you. We have no questions.
John Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay, great. Well, thanks everyone for joining the call. Keith Kolstrom and myself will be around for the rest of the day with any other questions.
Tom Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Terrence Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John M. Roselli - VP, IR Thomas J. Lynch - CEO Terrence R. Curtin - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch William Stein - Credit Suisse Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers Jim Suva - Citigroup Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Brian White - Jefferies & Co Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Unidentified Analyst Brian Jacobi - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome the Tyco Electronics reports strong First Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. John Roselli. Please go ahead, sir.
John M. Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Ken. Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tyco Electronics' first quarter results for fiscal year 2008, and the press release issued earlier this morning. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Tom Lynch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Terrence Curtin. During the course of this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask you to look at today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary statement that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions this morning and we ask you to read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. The press release and all the related tables can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at tycoelectronics.com. Now, let me turn the call over to Tom for some opening comments and a review or our performance by end-market. Tom?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks John and good morning everyone. I am very happy with the start we got in the first quarter of our fiscal year. Overall, I think we had a very good performance this quarter. And this performance really reflects very much the strength of the diverse markets we serve, the leadership position we have in most of those markets. And very importantly, our strong international base, which right now is about two-thirds of our revenue and thats more than offset our weakness in the U.S. that we've been seeing for the last year and we'll talk more about that as I get into the details. Let me now share a little bit about our business segment performance and our performance within key markets in those segments and then Ill turn it over to Terrence who will take us through our P&L and cash flow in more detail. Our total sales grew 19% to $3.7 billion in quarter, with organic sales growth of 12%. This organic growth was driven by over 300% growth in our Undersea business which continued to be very hot, along with double digit growth in Network Solutions segment. Our largest segment, Electronic Components grew 5% organically in the quarter, due to continued strength in out international markets where our sales grew 7%. This more than offset a 2% decline in the U.S. and as I said earlier thats the situation we've been seeing for about the last three or four quarters. Our adjusted operating margin of 13.6% increased 50 basis points over the prior year. This increase was driven by higher margins in our Network Solutions and Undersea segment As you know, this is one of our key goals to get our margins over 15% over the next three years, and we made some good progress in the quarter, still a lot more to work to do here, but overall, I am pleased with our progress. Our adjusted earnings per share of $0.63 increased 26% over the prior year due to 23% growth in adjusted operating income led by our Components Networks and Undersea segment. We also had another strong cash flow performance quarter. We generated $392 million of operating cash flow, which is an increase of 84% over last year and our free cash flow is $267 million in the quarter. Most of this increase came from improvements in working capital and our higher income level. As we previously communicated, our plan is to return excess cash to our shareholders, and during the quarter, we took a major step as we repurchased over 7 million of our shares. We also finished the quarter very strong with over $900 million of cash in our balance sheet. And Terrence will talk a lot more in detail about that. Importantly, we made progress in two key strategic areas in the quarter. One in our manufacturing simplification area, we currently have over 20 about 20 actions in process and we incurred about $20 million $21 million on restructuring activity. We continue to expect that well spend about $130 million on the footprint restructuring this year. This is very, very important to our longer term margin goals and I feel we are tracking according to what we expect it to be. We also made good progress in our efforts to focus our portfolio. We closed the sale of our Power Systems business as we announced earlier, and we initiated the exit of three additional small product lines. We are also continuing to work on other transactions, which cant talk about any details at this time, but we will certainly share them as the appropriate time comes up. Now, let me talk about our performance in several key end-markets in the quarter. Starting with Electronic Components, our sales grew 10% in the quarter or 5% organically, and by region, the sales growth was 9% in Asia and 4% in Europe, again, offsetting a slight decline in the Americas. We had a strong quarter in automotive, growing 17% overall and 8% organically which was entirely driven by our business outside the U.S. and this is where we have our greatest strength. We had solid double digit growth in Asia at 14% and in China, we grew more than 30%. We also had a very strong quarter in Europe, with 9% organic growth. In the U.S., our sales were down 8% in the quarter, reflecting the continued weakness in this segment of the market that we have been experiencing for about the past two years. Our order rates for this business remain solid overall, but we do expect slower growth in the second quarter and this is consistent with the current global production forecast for automotive output. In the computer market, our sales declined 5% as a result of our continued efforts to prune low margin products. Sales of these products were approximately $30 million in the year ago quarter. Excluding this pruning, our sales were up 6%, driven by strengthening in the notebook computer markets. In the communications equipment market, we had a very good quarter with sales growth of 22% organically. In the infrastructure portion of the market which represents about 60% of our business in this market. Sales grew 11%, and again, most of this growth was in Asia which is offsetting continued softness in North America and Europe, same trend we have seen for the last few quarters. In the mobile phone market which is about 40% of the segment for this market segment sales. Our sales grew 47% and this was led by 66% growth for our interconnect products. We do believe we are gaining market share in this very important market as we expand our base of customers and broaden our product portfolio, and we expect another very strong year for this business. In our industrial markets, we grew 10%, with a very strong growth in the solar and oil and gas sub-segments of this market. In appliances, our sales declined 4% year-over-year, with double digit declines in the U.S. and Europe, partially offset by a solid growth in Asia. This continues to be a challenging market, especially in the U.S. as a result of the U.S. housing situation, and we dont expect this to change for the balance of the year. We also had another strong quarter in the aerospace and defense market with organic growth of 9% in the quarter. We continue to build backlog in this market and expect continued strong sales growth for the balance of the year. I will now talk a little bit about our Network Solutions segment where sales grew 22% on a reported basis and 12% organically. In the communications service provider market, sales were up 22% organically with growth in all regions, especially in the U.S. This growth was driven by increased spending on broadband fiber deployment by certain large carriers. And as you know, in this market, our revenue is driven by carrier capital programs and they tend to be a little bit uneven. And in the second quarter, we did expect lower sales sequentially due solely to the timing of project revenues from certain European carriers. But overall, we expect the strong year-to-year driven by continued fiber optic rollout to demand for broadband is very strong. In the building networks market, this business segment, growth was 10%. This business continues to be strong fueled by continued global demand as businesses upgrade their information technology to support broadband in more secure networks. The majority of this volume was driven outside the U.S. and pricing was relatively flat in the quarter, so this 10% was all volume related. In our energy market, sales grew 8% in the quarter, again, driven by strength outside the U.S. As you know utility companies continued to invest in energy infrastructure around the world, and we believe we are well positioned to benefit from that trend. In our Undersea Telecommunications segment, we had another outstanding quarter, with 311% growth driven by the construction of several large projects in Asia. Activity in this market remained very robust, especially in emerging markets where broadband requirements continued to increase. We are well positioned there and we are winning more than our fair share of this business. And in the quarter, we booked $750 million of new projects. And we ended the quarter with a backlog of about $1 billion. Finally, in our wireless system segment, sales were flat in the quarter, with growth in wireless networks offset by declines in the commercial products and aerospace and defense businesses. Now, let me just say a few things about the state of New York project which is a big project in the wireless system segment and in particular in the wireless networks business, portion of that business. As you know, we were awarded this project a couple of years ago. Its a very large product project. And we are well into the testing in the first two phases of that region of the State, the first two regions I should say. And right now, we expect that it will start recording revenue in the second half of the year. Now, let me turn the call over to Terrence.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Tom and good morning everyone. Since Tom covered all revenue trends, Ill go through the P&L, cash flow, and a few other items. Starting with the P&L, our operating margin on a GAAP basis was 13% which includes $21 million of restructuring costs. On an adjusted basis we were pleased to see our operating margin improve by 50 basis points to 13.6% in the quarter. We saw good operating leverage on higher sales levels in the Network Solutions and Undersea Telecommunications segments. This was partially offset by a slight margin decline in the Electronic Component segment, reflecting a continuation of the low productivity levels we have been experiencing in our U.S. automotive operations. As you are aware, we were doing a plant consolidation in the U.S. and we worked through the final stages of that in the quarter, and we expect improved performance in our U.S. automotive operations going forward. Next, out net interest expense was $40 million in the quarter, a slight decrease versus last year, reflecting lower debt levels and a higher cash balance. Depending on the level of cash generation coupled with the timing of our share repurchase program, our net interest expense should be in the range of $40 million to $50 million per quarter. Our other income was $592 million on a GAAP basis and $20 million on an adjusted basis during the quarter. Both of these figures relate to our tax sharing agreement with Tyco International and Covidien and we were impacted by the adoption of a new accounting standard which I will discuss in a minute. Income tax expense in the quarter was $157 million resulting in a GAAP effective tax rate of 15%. This slow rate reflects the non-taxable nature of the tax sharing income included in other income. Our tax rate on an adjusted pretax income was 34% and this effective rate was reduced by about $15 million due to non-recurring items in the quarter. Now, let me spend a few minutes on the adoption of FIN 48, the accounting for uncertainty and income taxes. This standard requires us to take a more conservative view of our potential tax liabilities for which the majority relates to the shared obligations with Tyco International and Covidien under our tax sharing agreement. The adoption of this standard resulted in an increase to our contingent tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, and this resulted in a one-time increase to our net tax liabilities of $635 million. We also recorded a one-time income item of $572 million and other income to reflect the shared portion of these liabilities for which we will be reimbursed from Tyco International and Covidien. The net impact of these items together to our shareholders equity was a decrease of $63 million. In addition to the one-time adjustments, the adoption of FIN 48 will result in an ongoing impact to our income tax expense and effective tax rate, as well as other income. The interest on the increase contingent tax liabilities, which we reflect as a component of our income tax expense will add approximately $80 million to our income tax expense and will increase our effective rate to 36% to 37% for the year compared to our previous guidance to Europe 33% to 34%. Our other income will also increase to $23 million per quarter versus our prior guidance to Europe $10 million per quarter. Again, the impact of other income reflects the shared portion of the interest accrued through our tax line under the tax sharing agreement. The increase in our income tax expense of $80 million less the increase in other income, results in a $0.05 decrease to our EPS versus our prior guidance. Its important to highlight that, while these adjustments will affect our reporting earnings, it is important to note that these are non-cash items. In the quarter, our cash tax rate on an adjusted income basis was 17% and should remain below 20% for the full year. As I previously indicated, we are working on initiatives to reduce our tax rate by two to three points over the next several years, but the base well be now higher due to the adoption of FIN 48. Turning to net income. Net income from continuing operations was $872 million in the quarter and our EPS was $1.75 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. Our adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.63 per share, an increase of 26 over the prior year and as Tom indicated, this was driven primarily by increased operating income in our businesses. Moving now to cash flow. We had a very nice start to the year with cash from continuing operations of $392 million, an increase of $179 million compared to last years first quarter. The improvement was driven by higher income levels and improved working capital performance. Our inventory levels on a year-over-year were down nine days and we feel good with where our inventory levels are going into the remainder of the year. Our net capital expenditures were $125 million in the quarter, which is down significantly versus last year. Recall that in last years first quarter we spent $280 million to buyout a lease for ships related to our Undersea Telecom segment. Next as Tom mentioned during the quarter, we repurchased 7.1 million shares for $259 million. Based on our current level of cash generation and current pace of repurchases, I expect that well complete this program in the next few months. And finally, we completed the sale of the Power Systems business during the quarter for $102 million and recorded a $56 million pretax gain on the sale and this gain is included in the income from discontinued operations. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Tom.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Terrence. I am now going to talk about our outlook for the balance of the year in the second quarter. In Q1, we had strong order rates with growth of 17% for the total Company and 9% excluding our Undersea Telecom and Wireless segment. The strength in the orders was broad based, with the exception of our U.S. components business which I mentioned earlier where orders were relatively flat compared to the prior year. Since the end of the quarter, our order rates have continued to be solid, reflecting a similar pattern for the first quarter whilst its clear that these are uncertain economic time other than the weaknesses we have been experiencing in the U.S. for about a year now. The balance of our business continues to be solid. Based on these factors, we are raising our full year outlook for adjusted earnings per share to a range of $2.45 to $2.55, an increase of 12% to 17% over last year. This compares to our previous guidance of $2.40 per share to $2.50 per share. The increased results from our strong first quarter results and the continued momentum of our Undersea Telecom business which is offsetting a $0.05 per share impact from the adoption of FIN 48 that Terrence discussed. Our outlook for other businesses in aggregate is really essentially unchanged from our prior guidance and our estimate of restructuring cost is still approximately $130 million or $0.17 per share for the full year. We expect full year sales growth of 11% to 13% and we now expect full year organic sales growth of 7% to 9% compared to our previous yield of 6% to 8%. And just as a reminder, our guidance does not take into account any divestiture activity and assumes that raw material prices and foreign exchange rates hold at current levels. For the second quarter, we expect sales growth of 10% to 12% over prior year sales of $3.3 billion, with organic sales growth of 5% to 7% and double digit operating income growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.60 to $0.62 and this is essentially flat with the prior year. Our flat EPS is due entirely to a significantly lower tax rate last year and this adversely affects the year-over-year comparison by approximately $0.07 per share. Restructuring costs are expected to be approximately $0.03 per share in the second quarter and including these costs earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to be $0.57 to $0.59 per share. So, before I open it up for Q&A, let me just recap the call. We are pleased with the start to the year with organic growth 12%, adjusted operating income up 23%, and adjusted EPS up 26%. Our operating margins were up 50 basis points year-over-year to 13.6%. We had another good solid cash flow generation quarter. We got off to a good start in returning excess cash to shareholders and we expect to complete our $750 million by our buyback program over the next few months. We continue to make steady progress in our key strategic initiatives with focusing the portfolio and simplifying our manufacturing footprint, and of course, there is a lot of work yet to do there. And we did increase our outlook for EPS based on the strong Q1, and the current order rates were seeing. So, all in all, pretty solid quarter. And with that, I will open up the line to questions. Operator, can you please open the line? Question and Answer
Operator: Certainly, it will be my pleasure. [Operator Instructions]. And we do show a question from the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions. First of all, can you talk about the growth in the wireless business, a little bit more on the handset side? Where are you? What kind of products are you having most success with and in what type of customers by region?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Steve. Our wireless business really has are you talking about the wireless business in our components segment?
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Yes, Im sorry in the electronics components segment.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Sure. Well, I think as you know, historically, weve not been a real big player in that segment and about three or four years ago put a big push on for obvious reasons, given the strength of that segment to become a significant player. And I think the team has done a real good job of steadily improving our position and broadening our connective product line and just really dedicating more engineering resources to the big customers. We cant get into customer-by-customer detail, but were now in all the big customers. One of those big three, were still not a major player, but we are in the door. But in the top five, we have a strong position. So, a lot of products are now ending up in mobile phones in every region of the world. And we really feel good about the progress. And I would say the most important key there again as we increased the engineering resources dedicated to that. Its a project-by-project basis and so far weve been executing well.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. And then, secondly, on the Undersea Telecom business. You mentioned that you built more backlog and more projects. Can you sort of help us out on what the implication for full year revenues are now for that business? And what it means for margins off of the margins you just put up?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Steve, its Terence. When you look at the year, certainly, we had about $300 million revenue in the first quarter. We did have the big Trans-Pacific project that we will be wrapping up where we see Undersea I think the best way to think about it is in the second quarter around $250 million of revenue. And right now, in the out years, probably about $150 million, out quarters $150 million per quarter in the out. So, that is adding to the increase to our topline growth, increase our topline growth on guidance. You did see we did see operating income pickup in that segment this quarter. I think with these levels, I would still expect them to be in the low double digits for the year.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question then comes from the line of Will Stein of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Thank you. I would just like to make sure I understand your comments with regard to the weak U.S. economy. It sounds like you have been seeing weakness in this region for some quarters. Not just in the current quarter. And I am wondering if you can comment as to how you expect the U.S. economy to factor in going forward. And how it is incorporating your current guidance?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Will. Yes, a couple of comments, first of all the weakness is really in the components business, the network business and our other infrastructure business is wireless are pretty robust right now or solid I should say in the U.S. In components, where weve being seeing it for the last year is our U.S. automotive business. So, weve been doing very well in Europe and Asia and thats where our strength is, and thats where about 80% of our business is. But U.S. automotive is actually for us being down in revenue, almost eight quarters I think straight now. So, its been soft for a while. We dont expect that to improve in 08. We dont expect that to get significantly worse either. I mean its been down quite a bit. And the other piece thats been down for about a year now is the appliance or the wasted space which is really directly correlated to the housing market. So, those are the two big markets that have overall kept us in the negative growth mode in the U.S. In industrial, weve been. solid double digit, which is primarily U.S. and Europe. And in aerospace, which is primarily U.S., weve been strong.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: So, it sounds like youre not contemplating erosion in areas outside of automotive or like this [ph] in your guidance, is that right? And Im--?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think thats fair to say, because when you look at the dynamics which we are driving. Wireless public safety, for example, strong, strong order in the strong order book in the first quarter thats primarily U.S. business. So, we expect that to get a little stronger in the second half and then we continue to expect industry to hold up and aerospace and defense I mean, were sold out to capacity.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Just one other. I am wondering if you can update us on capacity rationalization that happened in the quarter. I think you said earlier were at 120 sites and maybe a quarter or two ago I thought we were at 130. Can you just bring me up to speed as to whats happened in the last quarter? And what the current plan is, when you currently expect the capacity rationalization to be essentially completed?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Will, its Terrence. I will take that. First off as we laid out, this is a long-term plan and we have it going out to 2010, what we communicated so, there is still, I think as Toms comments said, still lot of work to be done. We do have as Tom mentioned 20 individual actions that are in progress currently. We ended last year, 07 with a 121 manufacturing sites. So, we did make some progress. We have touched already about 14 facilities that are either closed or are in the process of being closed from when we started the program and thats split pretty evenly between the US and Europe and Middle East and Africa. So, we're still early into it, I would say this quarter was really a continuation of what we started last quarter and the year before and in that regard, there was no new one action done in this quarter. We just said its continuation of what we have been working on.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks so much.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and we do have a question then from the line of Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks guys and congratulations on a pretty good quarter there. One area that you guys have focused on in regards to gaining market share has been in the handset market and that is pretty evident this quarter and that end market that you talked about trying to reinvigorate has been consumer electronics market, not as much success there. Could we talk a little bit about what needs to be done to drive sales there and how important that is for Tyco Electronics in the components division?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say consumer electronics is clearly an important focus area for us. I think if I had a rating in priority I would rate mobile phones a higher priority but doesnt mean that we are not paying as much attention to consumer electronics. I think as we discussed before I think within consumer electronics there is a mix of attractive products to go after and not so attractive. We have been selective. Where we have been successful is in gaming, is in big screen TVs, digital cameras. I would say our performance has been bumpy as those markets of ebbs and flows, weve ebbed and flowed with them and as we are still relatively small so our revenue can move around quite a bit because of that. When I take a couple of year view of it and look over the past couple of years, we believe we are growing slightly ahead of market rates. So we are making progress and it is an important market for us.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. Thats helpful. As a follow-up two questions on the cash flow. Could you provide us with the targeted range for free cash flow for fiscal year 08? And also could we talk about the longer term trend in cash taxes. I know you are looking for a 200 to 300 basis point reduction in the GAAP tax rate by 2010. Will not be decreasing at all for the cash tax rate?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Carter, its Terrence. Ill take that. First off, what we've said is over the long-term, I would except that our free cash flow will approximate net income. So, when you look at it over a very long-term cycle that past guidance where I think your hedge should look at. In regards to cash tax rate versus GAAP tax rate, I would not assume that the GAAP tax rate coming down will continue. You get the same on the cash tax rate due to us or NOL position that we are utilizing. So, where I think we will be is sub 20%. You saw a 17% in the first quarter, but well be in that for quite some time with our NOL position in the tax planning we are doing.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question then from the line of Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel. Please go ahead.
Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. I'm hoping you to talk specifically about demand trends youre seeing in Europe besides from the automotive business. Were starting to hear from some of your distributors, which tend to focus on industrial markets that Europe is off to a little bit of a softer start in the March quarter which is normally up sequentially pretty strong. So, can you tell us what you are seeing there?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Europes been strong for us for the past year and with another solid quarter in Q1 and particularly automotive was very strong in Europe. We expect that to slowdown a little bit over the balance of the year. I mean we dont expect it to falloff at the end of the year. But our outlook does have baked into it a little bit of slowdown in most of the markets there.
Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then with the buyback I know you have made some good progress there. If you were to complete that in the next few months given your plans for a free cash flow, would you expect to do an additional buyback?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We would.
Matthew Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thanks very much.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from the line of Yuri Krapivin with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Yuri.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Tom, so with all this being up 17% organically and 9% if you exclude the two volatile segments, you are guiding to organic sales growth of 5% to 7% all year. So, I think there is a little bit of a disconnect here. Are you guys are being conservative?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Yuri. I would think about it this way. Coming off a good quarter, good order growth, thats going to carry us through in the second quarter and we feel confident about that. And we do feel our outlook is balanced for the year. Admittedly, there just a lot less visibility, of course, for the last six months of the year compared to Q2. So, there are some signs out there for things to get softer, but it's not yet reflected in our order rate. So, if you were to peal back and look by our segments and kind of really that I think bad weather indicator of the economy for us is EC, we see growth slightly down in EC second half versus first half. So, we do see that coming off a bit and a part of that is because automotive has been really very strong in the first quarter, and we expect that to come down a little bit. So, thats our view. It's a pretty balanced outlook of the year, and we feel comfortable with it.
John M. Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: And Yuri, this is John. I would just add a little bit of the disconnect between the order rates in Q1 and the growth rate we're looking at in Q2 relates to some of the orders we took in, are for some of the out quarters in certain longer cycle markets like A&D, solar, oil and gas. Some of those markets we were getting orders that extend out as in the second half.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. And then we just back to your inventories. You mentioned that you feel good about the inventory for the balance of the year and that they were down on a year-over-year basis, but sequentially I think, your inventory position increased by about $250 million. So, could you please address this sequential increase in inventory?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yuri, I think, you are a little bit high on your increase figure, sequentially. I think, it's a $100 million or so without FX, there is FX in there. When you look at it sequentially we always have a build in our first quarter and that build is just, we always get it down to fourth quarter at the end of the year and we do have a build going through the holiday season in quarter one. If you look at last year we had a much more significant build last year and it took us a long part of last year to burn that off. We did have an over build last year first quarter. I would not say we're in an overbuild situation. I feel very good about where we are for the rest of the year in inventories and I dont think theres pressure on the business to get it down. So, I do think it's in connection. My comment on year-on-year, if you look at nine days. The nine days overall being down in inventory is were we expect to be in longer term. Like I said well be in the mid 70s on average over time.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question then comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Thank you and congratulations. Can you talk a little bit about what type of visibility you have? We all read the newspapers; we all see the news about, concerns about recessionary type things. What type of visibility do you have and maybe if you can give us the different segments. Is this a months visibility, is it a quarter visibility and when things slow like in past cycles. How fast does it slow and have we seen any of your customers starting to kind of temper down some of their ordering?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jim. I would say Ill answer your last question first. No. We have not seen any change in the order patterns. Particularly in what I call our industrial infrastructure businesses and that if you look at that, thats about 40% of our business. Things like Wireless probably save the Undersea Telecom. Pretty long order cycle, you get the backlog for example we mentioned theres a big order bookings in Undersea and in Wireless in the first quarter. Thats sort of can be for the full years worth of activity in some cases even more in our Network Solutions business, because it's project oriented it tends to be longer term. Components generally is the shortest without question and I think, if you look over the past years, where theres been slowdowns it can come quicker in the Components businesses, for sure particularly in the consumer related businesses. So, we watch that very closely, but we really havent seen any significant change in pattern. I mean U.S. automotive continues to be lousy for us and I think for a lot of people. The Appliance business the same way. Consumer Electronics businesses has slowed down a little bit. Mobile Phones continue to be really solid and we're actually we have some capacity constraints, in fact there, which is not so great for our customers and we're working through it. But it's a better column to have so on balance we have not seen that in I was with a bunch of customers last week and we were all asking each other the same question. Because you look at the newspapers and hear the news and you sort of feel one thing and then you look at the order book there as well and see something else. So, Ill tell you, we're all staying closely connected to make sure if there were a change there we pick it up quickly so we can adjust. But I havent seen any push cancellations or anything like that.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. And just a little color as far as if something like that were to happen, would it happen like within a couple of months time period, couple quarters, couple of weeks, how fast in the past cycles have you seen it.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: It's usually about a quarter and really what's been going on I think a good example is U.S. Automotive when you see the increased amounts of plant closings or farewells and stuff like that and that repel effect for us is usually in the quarter range. Maybe a little bit less than a quarter there. In other areas we do have one indicator we have is about 15% of our business is redistribution and thats been slow in the U.S. thats where our biggest distribution business is, and we have a good idea within the channel and we certainly know our selling and sell-through. So, thats another indicator we look at. It is inventories would spike there, that would be the time for us to put on the brakes. We have actually have been expecting that to bounce back a little more than it has and its still relatively flat for us. But we havent seen any material increase in our inventory in the channel. So, all the different indicators we look at, we are not getting any feedback. But I would say, typically think about a month, I mean a quarter, sorry about a quarter would be the lead time we would have.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: And then a quick clarification question. On Undersea Telecom that was $314 million revenues this quarter and if I heard correct, you are guiding to about or expecting about $250 million next quarter followed by $150 million thereafter. If thats correct, does that also include that $750 million new program booked, and when the new program like that gets booked, what type of lifeline or a lifeline longevity does that have?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jim, its Terrence, couple of things. Yes, you are right on how you thought about the quarters particularly at the quarters. That $750 million is not one order, it is multiple orders. And from that viewpoint it will based upon demand capacity that we can actually install the system and some of those orders will actually be trickle into 09. So not all those orders were for this year, some of those orders go into next year.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: And maybe typical I think of a like a three to five quarter contracts.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that depending upon our ability and capacity could be anywhere out four to six quarters depending upon
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: That typically is the average from the time we sign a contract to you workout the logistics and you actually finish the contract, of course, depending on the size of it. For example, that big Trans-Pacific Express contract is about an 18 monther. What is happening now is an activity is theres more activity than there was a year ago, so the lead time is pushing out a little bit because there is capacity limit in the industry.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great. Thank you and congratulations.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jim.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you
Operator: Thanks and our next question comes from the line of Ajay Kejriwal with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just a detailed question on currency. Wondering if you have the EPS impact of currency in the quarter?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ajay, its Terrence. On the we did have as you saw on the topline that benefited us seven points above our organic growth and that was all currency, that was about that was above our four points we expected and it did contribute to about $0.01 above our guidance. Overall, FX helped EPS by $0.03 year-over-year.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: And what do you have built into your full year guidance.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In our guidance we have four points on the topline going through and that would fall through at our normal operating margin trend for the year.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, maybe something like $0.12. I mean, is annualizing the first quarter a good way of thinking?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It would be less than that due to the Euro got stronger towards the second half of the year, so it will be less than that number.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. And assuming stable raw material prices. I was wondering if you have any specific number that you could share.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In org where we are right now, copper has been around 320. We have fixed most of the second quarter around the 320, 330 rate and a chunk of the third quarter at the same rate. So, copper for the year year-on-year for the total year is pretty similar so thats not really a headwind year-on-year, certainly between the quarters. For example, in 07, copper went down to 270 in the second quarter and went up higher so second quarter there be a little bit of a compare issue there. The real factor, this years gold, gold has gone from 650 per ounce up to almost 900 and that is a headwind in our it is included in our guidance for the year, so gold right now is probably a headwind before consideration of price of about $10 million a quarter.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: So, $10 million year-on-year
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Per quarter.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Great. Shifting to Wireless, maybe if you could help us understand the progression of revenue, as you implement the New York State project. So, how should we think in terms of the ramp up by quarter later this year.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On the revenue on the state of New York it would depend upon the acceptance but that would primarily be in Q3 and Q4. It will depend on the timing when acceptance occurs so it will be later in the year in that regard, Ajay..
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Thanks.
Operator: Thanks and our next question then comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi. A few quick questions. Just a follow-up on raw materials. On the other side of that equation what are you seeing in terms of ASPs and the electronics component business right now.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: ASPs, price erosion is really running about where it was last year. Overall, average 2% to 3% range so not a big change. Having seen in that business for all of us in that business that we deal with different negotiations but generally having seen a significant change in erosion.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Second question is getting back to the cash flow. How much stock have you repurchased so far in the quarter?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In Quarter One it was $259 million.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: And through I guess, January in Quarter 2?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We would be up for about $400 million.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And then just do you have an updated full year CapEx number?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We still believe CapEx will be in the long term range that we have given out before which is into the 4% to 5% sales range for the year.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And then one final question just on operating expenses. How should we expect in the tracks for the year pretty stable on the dollar basis or maybe declining the growth in kind of restructuring as the year moves along?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I dont think that you should assume that it would decrease in dollars. I think what you saw in the first quarter; we got a little bit of benefit leverage from SG&A rate perspective due to the strong growth in Undersea. But from a dollar perspective, our actions that we set on the footprint really does not influence SG&A. So, I think from a dollar perspective, you would assume moderate growth in that, but you wont assume a decline.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes then from the line of Brian White with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brian White - Jefferies & Co: Okay. Just looking at the automotive market within the Electronic Components business, U.S. is obviously slow and you said Europe is seeing some signs of slowing. Will growth decelerate in 2008 versus 2007 for the Auto-Electronic Components business?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I compared it to Q1 and we were at 8% 9% in Q1 so, we would expect to run 5% to 6% for the year.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: That compares to about 6% last year. So, not meaningfully different.
Brian White - Jefferies & Co: Okay.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And that is production is expected to be down about 200 basis points year-on-year from about a 4.7 to about a 2.5 year-on-year, Brian.
Brian White - Jefferies & Co: Okay. And when we look at the March quarter, how should we think about the four different segments in terms of sequential growth? What markets what segments will actually go up and what will go down?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sequentially, if you look at it EC will grow and networks will decline. We typically get a little seasonality coming into the winter months in networks. Wireless will be up a little bit and Undersea Telecom will be down as I mentioned on their quarterly. So, I think when you look at the second quarter, when you take all that, second quarter P&L other than taxes should look fairly similar to Quarter 1.
Brian White - Jefferies & Co: Okay. And just a question for Terrence, the inventory number that was given out for the September quarter and the one given out today for the September quarter changed a little bit. I think that was one of the reasons for confusion on the sequential inventory dollar change. What is that attributed to?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There was a re-class made out of prepaid, up in the inventory there were some re-classifications we have done for consistency. Doesnt change the balance sheet at all, its just the re-class between some lines.
Brian White - Jefferies & Co: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question then comes from the line of Aaron Husock with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the restructure savings that youre seeing on the cost line, so far in the restructuring program. And when you expect that savings to kick in a little bit more meaningfully?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: From the actions we took last year, theres a little bit of savings, but of course, were going to ramp up our investments this year so when you net the investment against the savings, its really a slight negative this year. We wont we really wont start to see a net benefit of any magnitude until 2010 because were going to spend in 130 to 150 for the next two or three years. And as weve been saying all along the benefit of that is really backend loaded. With the net negative last year, it will be a smaller net negative this year. It will probably be a little bit of a wash overall between investment and savings in 09. And then we get the pickup in 2010.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: And Aaron from what we started, everything that we started last year pretty much happened in the second half. So, really in Quarter 1 there was very minimal savings before the consideration of charges.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Okay. As far you are seeing that it will be a smaller negative in fiscal 08. Did that mean that the actual savings could be somewhere in that, say $100 million range or will it not be that high?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: It will not be that high. Where were going is last year we had about $100 million in charges. Weve got it to about $130 this year. So, when were talking year-on-year comparing you got to take comparison not just the $130. So, no, we would not have $100 million of savings this year with what we kicked off last year. Remember we did say it was going to be about three year payback per project. So, on a $100 million, that would be about $30 million of savings when fully implemented.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we do have a question then from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Just a question components margin, it looks like you were down 20 basis points sequentially in year-over-year despite having good organic trend. Could you just talk about why we arent seeing incremental leverage in that part of the business?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I mean that was probably without question a one blemish on our results this quarter and that is very much absolutely related to our North American automotive business. Part of that is volume, but part of it is as you know, we started to do a fairly significant restructuring near about nine months ago. It has taken us a little longer and we have not executed it as well as we typically have in that group in our North American auto business has done a great job over the last three years of keeping our margins attractive and the business that has declined. But we got a rough quarter in Q1. We should be through that by the end of Q2, but that caused our margin decline otherwise we would have been up in components. So, that was the one rough spot for us in the quarter.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So, I guess if I look at the business extra slow. In North America order driven restructuring issues, would it be fair to think you probably would have had 20% 25% incremental EBIT margins in that segment?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: I would say 10 basis points to 20 basis points.
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would have been 10 basis points to 20 basis points expanded versus what where we can
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thats with 20 basis points down.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: About a 20 basis points headwind on. And then just I think you guys mentioned about three product line divestures, you guys said this quarter. Could you quantify the dollar impact of that?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: When you look at it, it isnt the component segment but there are small product lines annualized revenue of that is about $20 million.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then I just kind of going back to one of the only questions is potential for a downturn or what you are going to see. Doesnt look like you see any order book to show right now, but if you look at your bidding activity for new businesses is that part of a segment maybe slowing down, are you seeing less amount of bids that are going through the system over here and how that is working?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: No. We are not seeing that yet. In some of our businesses, you are bidding, a year, two or three years out, take automotive for example. So, we are working on proposals for 2010/2011 and not as far as 2012. Even in something like mobile phone which the typical viewers say thats really a short cycle business and certainly orders can change short term depending on the fluctuation in end demand but the bidding we are doing is out a year or two. From the very beginning of trying to get a product designed into the architecture to when you end up shipping it, its usually well over a year. So, we have not seen any material change in activity.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: All right and just finally, can you talk about what debt to capital ratios are you guys comfortable with, comfortable with in terms of the bandwidth and I guess, I am just trying to get a sense of it? Can you sustain a $150 million buyback every six to nine months that we have done it this time around?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: When you look at it, as I stated, right now with the size of our business and consideration of we do some shared liabilities, but we feel that the debt balance that we can hold is about $3.5 billion and withholding our liquidity position on around $500 million of cash. So, net debt around $3 billion with where we are now.
Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets: Right, thanks a lot guys.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks and your next question then comes from the line of Michael Allman [ph] with Neo Capital Partners. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Could you you have indicated in the press release and on the call that you spent $259 million through repurchase stock in the quarter and yet on the cash flow statement the number thats given for repurchase of common shares is $232 million. Could you please explain the discrepancy?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: The discrepancy would be, there were trades made towards the end of the quarter that did not settle until the following quarter. So actually cash went out was $232 million but we actually bought $259 million.
Unknown Analyst: Okay.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: That describes just the timing item that was settled into the quarter too.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Thats helpful. And you made some comments about this new accounting standard. Do I understand properly that the $592 million of tax sharing income is going to remain non-cash forever?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: The $500 million is two pieces of the tax sharing income of $572 million and also $20 million that relates to ongoing activity, so theres two pieces.
Unknown Analyst: Okay.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: And when you look at it, will it be non-cash forever, it will depend upon when all the shared liabilities related to our tax sharing agreement are done. The net, net at the end while definitely FIN 48 has created confusion when you look at it and it is a complex standard. When we separate it from Tyco we thought our total exposure net of the shared amounts are going to be about $600 million to $700 million, over time as we settle out our tax audits and issues. We still believe that that is the amount and the adoption of the standard doesnt change anything. So, while the ongoing run rate, my comments relate to the ongoing run rate, overall the tax exposure is related that we had when we separated, have not changed with FIN 48 to be in that next $600 million to $700 million that we stated before.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you and we have a question then from the line of Brian Jacobi with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Jacobi - Goldman Sachs: Yes. Good morning guys. Just a question on your capital structure, cash flow statement showing that you paid back some debt and on fiscal. I am curious what you repaid on, I am assuming you have repaid some of your rest of your bridge and maybe some on the revolver. If you could just tell me what the debt look like in end of the quarter?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: At the end of the quarter, you are right. We still are operating on a small piece under the bridge. There is one piece of our capital structure that we still have to complete. We have about $500 million remaining under the bridge facility. So, that is still outstanding and the payment that we did make was under the bridge, if you look at our overall debt where we were around 3.2 $2.1 billion relates to the offerings we did in the fall. We had $500 million under the bridge and then we have CP for the remainder basically.
Brian Jacobi - Goldman Sachs: I mean, I thought you had 550 on the bridge last quarter. So, you didnt really pay much down where--?
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: We paid a little bit down on the bridge, rest would have been on the commercial paper, just depending between the bridge and the hammer.
Brian Jacobi - Goldman Sachs: In the fiscal year 08 or is that going to be more kind in 09, 2010 even.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: In some targeted market, we are starting to build the pipeline for sure. If we could do a couple of targeted acquisitions and one in a couple of key areas this year, we would do it. Its really going to depend on the properties rate fit for us and are they interested, but we are starting to rev that up.
Brian Jacobi - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question this morning comes from the line of Will Stein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up. The guidance for the full year, $245, to $255. Am I right in assuming that backs out the restructuring charges that you are going to incur in the year?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just one other quick one. The $102 payment for the Power Systems division, was that received in the December quarter or is that going to be received in March?
Terrence R. Curtin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That was received in this quarter. You can see it on the cash flow, Will.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and at this time we have no further questions in queue.
John M. Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. Great. Well, thank you for joining us.
Thomas J. Lynch - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks all of you.
John M. Roselli - Vice President, Investor Relations: This morning and the IR team will be around for questions and we look forward to talking to you.
Operator: Great. And thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today Wednesday, February 6, at 10.30 AM Eastern Time and will be available through next Wednesday February 13, at midnight, Eastern time. And you may access the AT&T Executive playback service by dialing 1800-475-6701 from within the United States or Canada or from outside the United States or Canada, please dial 320-365-3844 and then enter the access code for todays call which is 904-795. Those numbers once again are 1800-475-6701 from within the U.S. or Canada or 320-365-3844 from outside the U.S. or Canada and again enter the access code of 904-795. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&Ts Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.
