===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the IDEX Corporation First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Jim Giannakouros. Thank you. You may begin.
Jim Giannakouros: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to IDEX’s first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. We released our first quarter financial results earlier this morning, and you can find both our press release and earnings call slide presentation in the Investor Relations section of our website, idexcorp.com. On the call with me today are Eric Ashleman, President and Chief Executive Officer of IDEX; and Abhi Khandelwal, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s call will begin with Eric providing highlights of our first quarter results and a discussion of our current business outlook, and Abhi will discuss additional financial details and our updated outlook for 2025. Following our prepared remarks, we will open up the line for questions. But before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results could differ materially from statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our press release and SEC filings. As IDEX provides non-GAAP financial information, we provided reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our press release and in the appendix of our presentation materials, which are available on our website. With that, I will turn the call over to Eric.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before I dive in, I want to welcome Jim Giannakouros, who joined us in March as our VP of Investor Relations. We’re thrilled to have Jim in this role with the experience he brings, welcome to the team, Jim. And now moving to Slide 3. Our IDEX teams delivered better-than-expected results in the first quarter of 2025 with revenue and profitability coming in slightly above plan in each of our business segments. I’d like to thank our IDEX teams across the globe for all their contributions staying focused on serving our customers and executing through an environment of intensifying policy-driven uncertainty. I’m especially encouraged by our orders performance this quarter. Orders increased both sequentially and versus last year to record levels. Additionally, this represents our fourth consecutive quarter with positive year-over-year organic growth in our order book. This, combined with underlying stability in our day rate sets a firm foundation for growth near term. The trade and geopolitical situation continues to be fluid with the ultimate impact on global demand unknown. We are proactively managing what we can control and have been both quick and very thoughtful in actions designed to absorb the impact of tariffs introduced this year. Even though we have yet to see indications of the slowdown, we have proactively identified another $20 million in savings targets for this year. This amounts to a cumulative $80 million of support for 2025 when combined with the savings expected from our previously discussed platform optimization, organizational delayering and baseline productivity initiatives. Abhi will discuss this later in the call. Now I’d like to take you through our first quarter highlights. We are seeing momentum build in our businesses serving space, defense, energy transition, municipal water and North American Fire & Safety. Our Analytical Instrumentation businesses within IDEX Health & Science continues to exhibit improving performance, trending towards low single-digit growth for the year, and our semiconductor MRO facing businesses provide a slight tailwind. On the industrial side, our rapid turn businesses that often serve as leading indicators of economic change were steady in the first quarter, and that stability continued through the month of April. We recognize the potential for custom caution going forward and we’ll continue to actively monitor inbound order trends as our customers adapt to this fluid environment. We continue to see some offsetting headwinds in our businesses serving agriculture and automotive industries, additionally, the inventory adjustment we are working through with a large semiconductor wafer fab customer continues to be a headwind. As you might expect, there is some hesitancy for customers to commit to larger projects, but it’s at a level that matches both our recent experience exiting 2024 and supports assumptions within our 2025 annual guidance. We believe that the emerging order strength described here is a function of the active portfolio shaping driven over the last 5 years. We’ll continue this work moving forward as we seek to grow through more increased exposure to advantaged markets. To achieve the next level of growth performance, we continue to drive our own luck by tuning our technologies towards high-velocity applications. We support these efforts with focused cross-business collaboration wherever possible as customers push us to innovate faster. We lean on our intuitive understanding of 80/20 to pull organizations together in pursuit of clear objectives and outcomes. Here are some examples. Our breakthrough business facing headwinds in its core European chemicals markets has adapted its severe duty valves for fast-growing pharmaceutical applications where they’ve won in a big way. Our Abel Pump business is winning an extremely difficult environment supporting mining of strategic minerals. They have another segment of the business focused on marine defense applications. Both of these 80s verticals are extremely advantaged at the moment. A number of our optics businesses are working together to help solve the most challenging problems for the emerging space sector from low-orbit satellite communication support to critical components within hypersonic systems. Our Airtech business within Performance Pneumatics is helping their customers solve power requirements for the rapidly growing data center market in a way that best supports sustainable solutions. They recently brought some of Mott’s technologies into discussions on next-generation solutions to help solve critical problems of scalability. Speaking of Mott, our latest acquisition and our largest to date, I’m pleased to report that the teams there continue to deliver against our expectations. Mott recently entered into a $40 million multiyear agreement to deploy a custom wastewater filtration solution for a large U.S. dairy farm operation that will treat over 2 million gallons of wastewater a day. To give you a sense of timing, roughly $0.25 of this order has been booked in Q1 and is expected to be delivered to sales in the second half of the year. At IDEX, our teams are laser focused on speed and increased agility to meet the evolving needs of our customers. Our teams are fully committed to not only execute on our collective near-term commitments to drive sustainable value creation for all stakeholders in the long run. With that, I’ll turn it over to Abhi for first quarter financial highlights and some more specifics around our 2025 outlook.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks, Eric and good morning, everyone. Let’s go to Slide 4. As Eric mentioned, we outperformed our guidance for the first quarter across revenue, margin and adjusted earnings per share. Now all comparisons I will discuss will be against the prior year period unless stated otherwise. In the first quarter, organic sales declined 1% as we faced difficult comps in our semiconductor, agriculture, chemical and energy businesses, which more than offset positive results in space, defense and municipal water facing businesses. We continued to see resilient demand all in for IDEX, with organic orders up 1% and backlog building by about $60 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin declined 50 basis points to 25.5%, given year-over-year volume deleverage and near-term margin dilution from our acquisition of Mott. And these were partially offset by positive price/cost and productivity, including our announced platform optimization efforts. First quarter 2025 adjusted EPS of $1.75 came in $0.10 better than the high end of our guided range, given better-than-expected sales and margins across segments and timing of corporate costs, most notably share-based compensation. We generated $91 million of free cash flow in the quarter, which included short-term investments in working capital to support higher sales in the second quarter as well as some modest purchasing ahead of inventory, intended to slow tariff impact. Additionally, we deployed $50 million to repurchase added shares in the first quarter, and we have $490 million left with our current authorization. I’m on Slide 5. Turning to the drivers of our adjusted EBITDA, a decline in volume resulted in an $8 million reduction flowing through our prior year adjusted gross margin rate. We additionally experienced unfavorable overhead leverage, which was more than offset by platform optimization savings and favorable price/cost, which was accretive to margins. Acquisitions, divestitures and FX benefited adjusted EBITDA by $3 million. Now quickly, some color on our results by segment. I’m on Slide 6. In HST, organic sales of first quarter declined 1%, while our organic orders actually increased 3%. We are seeing solid activity in our Performance Pneumatics Group, driven by growth in data center power solutions and in Space & Defense with a number of our optics businesses. We see steady trends in life sciences with an uptick in analytical instrumentation, more than offsetting lower DNA sequencing orders. Our semiconductor business, specifically where we provide solutions that support wafer fabrication faces headwinds. Adjusted EBITDA margins of 25.6%, was slightly better than we anticipated, primarily due to benefits from higher-than-expected volumes in the first quarter. Turning to Slide 7. In FMT, organic sales declined 4% and organic orders declined 3%. While we continue to see relative strength in municipal water and downstream energy markets and relative stability in our core industrial markets, we are also experiencing near-term pressures in our chemicals and ag businesses. Finally, our business supporting pure water applications within semiconductor fabs has slowed. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 32.8% declined 80 basis points as volume deleverage was only partially offset by price, cost and productivity improvements, including platform optimization savings. I’m on Slide 8. FSD turned under the solid quarter, with organic sales increasing 5% and organic orders up 2%. Our Fire & Safety business continues to benefit from both strong OEM demand and adoption of integrated solutions. BAND-IT experienced growth in energy with aerospace remaining stable. We continue to build upon our leadership position in dispensing their overall global trends are stable and auto remains special. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 29.4% increased 50 basis points due to favorable volume leverage, price cost and productivity. Now please turn to Slide 9 for our updated full year and second quarter guidance. We are maintaining our full year organic growth guidance range of 1% to 3% and adjusted EPS of $8.10 to $8.45. Although the situation is still evolving, we believe we can fully absorb the impact of the tariffs introduced this year based on our current assumptions. I will provide our detailed tariff assumptions on the next slide. We expect to fully mitigate tariff pressure largely through incremental pricing actions. We are navigating a fluid and uncertain environment and the impact of this on underlying demand is challenging to predict, particularly in the short lead time or rapid replenishment areas of our business. While we have not observed any immediate signs of demand softening through April, we acknowledge that it could manifest as the year plays out given policy-driven uncertainty. We have proactively identified an additional $20 million of savings that we are deploying against scenarios of up to 3% to 4% back half volume pressure. For the second quarter, we anticipate organic revenue growth of flat to 2%. We expect second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin to be between 26.5% to 27% up 100 basis points or more sequentially on higher volumes, positive price and greater traction on our platform optimization and delayering savings. This generates expected second quarter adjusted EPS of $1.95 to $2.05. Please turn to Slide 10, which outlines our tariff exposure as it stands today. We expect tariffs to drive $100 million of annualized impact based on 2025 volumes with two-third of that amount to be recognized in 2025. On an annualized basis, we expect that tariffs will add 5% to 6% inflation to our cost of goods sold which can be offset by price increases of 3% to 4%. I want to take a moment to emphasize how IDEX strives during times of disruption. In particular, IDEX benefits from its local-to-local manufacturing footprint, the flexibility provided by its 80/20 principles and the strength of its long-standing customer partnerships. Additionally, as Eric previously mentioned, we have the ability to adapt our technology to new applications, which further positions us for success. Now I’d like to pass it back to Eric.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Abhi. Please turn to Slide 11. I’m excited about the IDEX we are building. Today, over half of IDEX has found ways to collaborate, sell, and leverage scale within thematic growth platforms. This is an important strategic shift we’ve made to elevate our long-term performance in advantaged spaces with combined total addressable markets of just over $20 billion. We’ve identified a series of specific integrative threads that we believe support higher growth and expanded margins as we come together within these groups in a unique IDEX way. We deploy flat organizational structures with autonomous decision rights sharp 80/20 segmentation while solving the most critical customer solutions with quick iterative burst of innovation. I’m on Slide 12. We have a strong balance sheet supported by superior cash flow generation to explore multiple avenues of capital deployment. Our corporate development team alongside our business leaders continues to work an active M&A pipeline. We’ll continue to deploy capital to expand and deepen our capabilities with our growth platforms, and we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. Finally, turning to Slide 13. We believe IDEX is advantaged and therefore, prepared to navigate an increasingly uncertain trade and geopolitical environment. We generally ideate, engineer, source, produce and sell our products locally. Our businesses are well positioned within attractive markets, and we enjoy long and productive relationships with outstanding customers. As the world becomes more regionalized, we can adapt with customers and position local-for-local support across the globe with speed. 80/20 is deeply embedded in our diverse set of businesses. We are constantly looking to tune our solutions to apply them in new applications and markets, and we can shift resources quickly from areas with developing slack capacity to structurally advantaged markets. Putting it altogether, we are improving and leveraging each of our key value drivers: organic growth, inorganic growth and margin expansion. We collectively believe that change in uncertainty, no matter how unsettling they can be in the near term, ultimately present opportunities for our trusted solutions as we help our customers win. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Mike Halloran with Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Halloran: Hi, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hey, Mike.
Abhi Khandelwal: Hey, Mike.
Mike Halloran: I just want to make sure I understand the puts and takes on the guidance here and what’s embedded. I mean I think the punch line is I think you feel really comfortable with the guide and the ability to have some flexibility to manage some of the inputs depending on what materializes. One, is that right? And then two, could you just go through those puts and takes? I mean it seems like FX is it more of a tailwind, you put the incremental $20 million of cost savings, a little lower volume, a little higher price. I mean maybe just kind of walk through those two different assumptions I talked to there?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes, Mike, I can do that and I’ll break it up for you and kind of follow the sequential pattern here. So, just starting with Q1, again, recalibrating everybody in the call here. As I think about our performance for Q1, our organic came in better than what we had provided, which is down 3% to 4%, we came in down about 1 point. Good start to the year in terms of EPS. So as I kind of look forward and think about the cadence of 2Q and then the rest of the year, and I’ll touch on tariff in a second. Coming into any given quarter, we’re about 50% booked so as I look at our outlook for Q2, coming into this quarter, and Eric alluded to it in his remarks, we haven’t seen our order pattern shift in April. So as of last night, our orders continue to remain in line with expectations. So as I think about Q2 and the current outlook of 0% to 2%, our backlog supports SEP, which then translates into $1.95 to $2.05. As I then fast forward into Q3 and Q4 and think about the back half of the year, what this outlook incorporates is a Q3 HST ramp from 2 to 3 of 10 million, 10 million from 3 to 4. FMT is staying at the same levels and FSDP staying at the same levels, which then gets you to the 1% to 3% for the year. From a tariff standpoint, what we’ve assumed in the guide is the two-third impact of the $100 million, so call it $60 million to $65 million impact in this outlook, and we’re going to offset that one for one with price. The incremental $20 million of cost out is a proactive measure, even though we haven’t seen our volumes move, we have proactively deployed those in the likely event that we see are quick lead times rapid replenishment cycle businesses slow.
Mike Halloran: Perfect. That’s super helpful here. And then maybe just talk about I mean, look, we’re in a little different scenario relative to normal, right? If we get some pressure points from a macro perspective in your businesses, normally that happens after a period of expansive growth. Not as much frequency happening against periods of headwinds you’ve seen over the last couple of years here. So maybe talk about how you see the portfolio shaping up if we do get some sort of pullback what that resilience looks like, how you frame it? And then I know you have a lot of those offsets as you have from a growth initiative perspective and how does that balance things out?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So obviously, kind of unprecedented times in a number of respects, as you said. But Look, as I said on the slide that highlighted how we’ve sort of set ourselves up with 5 very, very strong growth platforms. We’ve got them lined up. We’re talking with customers and innovating in areas that in many ways, I think are in markets that are rapidly developing kind of irrespective of some of these forces. We’ve got a lot of resources and weight tilted towards delivering on those solutions. All of IDEX right now has been leaned out and optimized through multiple rounds of productivity. And just to recap that, I mean we came into the year, we always have baseline productivity lined up that starts on January 1. We added that layering – delayering and platform optimization work, a lot of it in these areas of growth platforms, a lot of it in HST so with that ready to go early on. And then candidly, we just thought, hey, this is an environment that says there is – we can do more with less. We know how to do that here, and we laid that in for kind of mitigation and protection in the back half of the year. So when you look at it, you’ve got a bunch of franchises that are well positioned. We deliver a incredibly valuable solutions at, frankly, low price points. we protected ourselves from the impact of tariffs, at least the ones that have been announced here today, and we’re engaging in a way that we always do via 80/20, super sharp places in areas that are advantaged and probably hold up better to any of the shocks that are running around at time just because of the nature of the solutions that we’re after. So I think this is where 80/20 kind of our credibility and reputation as operators, the two things come together and putting about as much resilience as we can imagine, at a time with no doubt a lot of uncertainty.
Mike Halloran: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I guess I’ll start with a question about tariffs and pricing. I mean talking about two-thirds of the tariffs falling within the year, kind of – and pricing falling within the year kind of implies that market has not seen tariff impacts or pricing impacts yet. Is that fair? And are those coming down the pipe probably in May or June, potentially the catalyst. I mean, it sounds like you are anticipating some of the short-cycle business demand drops off. Is that kind of when you expect to start seeing that impact of customers actually saying that the dollars on their invoices?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes, Nathan, this is Abhi. Let me take a stab at it. So if you kind of think about the $100 million, that’s, of course, an annualized figure and we provide the details in terms of what it is by region. That said, as I kind of take a step back and think about where we are, we’re sitting here in April, and April 1st – 1st of May, what we have seen so far is – and we do all some inventory. So what we have seen so far is a small impact in Q2, with the majority of this impact we’re going to see in Q3 and Q4. So if you think about the cadence of the $60 million to $65 million. I’d say $10 million to $12 million is what we’re expecting in Q2 and the balance 25 and 25 in Q3 and Q4. That’s how we’re thinking about it. But keep in mind, it’s also about what you’re buying, when you’re buying it and how much do you hold in inventory.
Eric Ashleman: But I think I get this sort of part of your question here. I mean, through much of April, I think a lot of this is kind of off the radar. It’s something that everybody knows is coming. It’s been announced by us and others. You’ll see the IDEX side of it take hold probably faster just because of the nature of just don’t have as much inventory, and we turn things with quicker lead times, and we were pretty urgent and aggressive on price capture that we thought we had to have. But I think you will see us start to cascade and build as we go through May and probably especially into June, just giving inventory positions and announcements and things and then really kind of full speed in the back half and that’s where I think we’re – we and others will be looking for, okay, what’s the collective impact of that. And frankly, are there other modifications. I mean, remember that it’s sort of two parallel tracks that are working together?
Nathan Jones: Okay. I’m going to ask one that’s not related to tariffs. I wanted to have you guys talk a little bit more about the combining of some of these businesses into these strategic growth platforms, I think probably I certainly didn’t understand until I was out with you guys on the road in the first quarter and talk more about it. I think it’s probably a little bit misunderstood by investors as well about what the potential benefits, what the potential growth outcomes are longer term from combining these business, delayering these businesses. So I’m hoping you could just go into a little more detail and explain the rationale behind it and what you think the benefits are going to be?
Eric Ashleman: Sure, sure. And again, we are always careful with this at IDEX. This absolutely still leaves decision rights locally with these businesses and these platforms, and we’re super careful about the integrated threads that we weave between them in terms of what mention and where that adds value. So but this is a massive bureaucracy with multiple organizational layers, it’s in fact, actually the opposite. But in my prepared remarks, there were actually two examples of this starting to come together. And so on the growth side, I’ll kind of highlight those and give you a bit more insight. And so I talked about our Performance Pneumatics business and our recent acquisition, Airtech and the work that they are doing around our solutions, frankly, sustainable power solutions for the data center market. So that business singularly has done great work over the years and is continuing to evolve it, and it was a decent part of the story in Q1, but they’re actually able to now bring in Mott and some of the technology that they have there for a different and related specific application that actually helps scalability to the next level in a way that, frankly, the Airtech business never could by themselves. And no other company really could because those two technologies typically don’t exist in a way that they do at IDEX. Now it’s still early days. We’ll see where that goes. But absolutely, it takes that whole frontier and moves it forward. And I would say that aspect right at the tip of the spirit technology is probably front and center, what we’re really after more than any other thing. I talked about it in optics, as we talked about, lower but space communication and hypersonic travel. We’ve got great optics franchises that we’ve assembled over time, Iridian being the last they have multiple points where they are playing in that space. And so picture of this is engineers working together in complementary ways where One business is 20 years of legacy is now teed up with another business is 20 years to develop something that, again, it’s pretty novel. It doesn’t really exist, and it doesn’t really have a competitive offering or offset just simply because of the advantage of scale that we’ve put together there. Again, it’s relative to kind of our world and our size, but it is important in these markets. And then as we talked about the multiple tranches of productivity that we’ve laid out, and we talked about this last quarter, just this organizational ability to span things and span functions a little differently, gives us a kick in productivity that helps fuel the innovation on the other side. So for selling, let’s say, to a single customer here and doing it across multiple businesses and kind of the old IDEX that would have had to been supported with stand-alone commercial organizations and then the cartoon version of this would have had multiple people in the same lobby calling on the customer, we don’t have to do that anymore. That’s actually advantaged and preferred by the customer, and it’s a lot cheaper to run on our side. We can take those resources and funnel it right back into technology. So it’s those little extensions and those connection points between businesses, think of them as sparks and lightning bolts. That’s what we’re celebrating, but doing it in a very, very IDEX way, flat organizational structure, local decision rights, everything we kind of know and expect with IDEX but we’ve been able to amplify it in this way.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes, Nathan. Just to build on what Eric said, so you touched on the delayering work that we had as part of year-end. But there is more chapters to it. So as you think about the scalable platforms that Eric’s talking about there’s a second chapter around footprint consolidation around looking at that landscape and really starting to consolidate some footprint, which will be the second layer of this cost allocation towards growth. And then the third piece is around with this level of scale, we get an opportunity to go after sourcing savings and drive more productivity. So that’s chapter 2 and 3 more to come on that as we move forward. But this is the advantage of having this level of scale and being able to drive the level of integration Eric is talking about.
Nathan Jones: Very helpful. Thanks very much for taking my questions.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Vlad Bystricky: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question here. I guess maybe just to start off for me. I think the Mott project win that you highlighted was actually quite interesting. Can you just talk about whether that is something that’s fairly unique or whether you see that opportunity as something that could be repeatable and meaningful for other customers? Do you see other opportunities, similar opportunities out there for Mott?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So this is actually – was a kind of a small technology acquisition that Mott made before our acquisition. And so the thesis very much was in line with what this project represents. So it’s really, really advanced filtration that is being deployed in this particular case, a pretty massive scale in livestock allocation. But essentially, you’re – we’re processing the waste stream of dairy cows and things like that, and you kind of get two products at the end of it. You’ve got pure fertilizer on the one side and very, very clean water on the other side, and you essentially are delivering environmental trendiness with kind of result in products that have their own potential for productivity. So that kind of is the core thesis of what this business and business model represents. I must admit this is probably at the right edge and the higher edge of the scale, just simply because of where this is being applied in this particular case. I mean it’s an outstanding reference case, it’s going to take us a while to engineer it put it out there, but get it in place, that’s why we talked about the specific timing of the bookings and the way it’s going to run out in the back half of the year. It does support partially that HST ramp that Abhi talked about later. But it is going to be an outstanding reference case for a business that’s just kind of starting to launch within Mott, but this is like right down the fairway of kind of the core argument, the core fundamental argument of what we are trying to achieve.
Vlad Bystricky: No, it definitely sounds interesting. I appreciate that, Eric. And then maybe just a quick follow-up for me, I think you mentioned that you did taking a little extra inventory here in 1Q just ahead of tariffs. I guess a follow-up question to that, have you seen any evidence from your customers of them pulling forward any order activity, if you will?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So look, that’s always a tricky one for us across all businesses with a pretty customized product. So it’s never been the best inventory to stack on shelves anyways. But we absolutely went looking for it just because you can imagine the same dimension that we responded to. I mean for us, it was a pretty modest amount for much of the same reasons. We found a couple of pockets of it. I think we went and talked to people, talk to distributors and others. I think at the end of the day, it would be what did we say?
Abhi Khandelwal: $6 million to $8 million.
Eric Ashleman: I think, we want to places look for box levels where we go. We hang out a lot and just didn’t see a ton of it, but we allow that there is probably that level. And it’s – honestly, it’s pretty equivalent to a little bit that we did.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes.
Vlad Bystricky: Great. That’s helpful. I will get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please proceed with your questions.
Joe Giordano: Good morning, guys. So I wanted to talk on the – and apologies, you mentioned this in the very beginning of your prepared remarks. But the confidence now in the semiconductor recovery or at least the resumption of those orders in the second half that we talked about last quarter. I mean, I feel like the updates that we’ve been getting on semi, is generally negative so far this earnings season. So just curious if there’s any update on that?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So there is kind of two things going on. I think we would agree with the overall sentiment in the industry. There has been more headlines about restrictions and things like that. And so if you think of our business, it’s split. We do a fair amount of it and the majority of it is kind of right in the heart of essentially the machine tool in the wafer fab. And then a companion piece on the metrology and inspection side. I did mention in the prepared remarks, though, that we saw some pretty good performance. We had some growth tailwinds on the MRO facing side of the business. Now that has historically for us been in the ceiling areas. So these are consumable items, they wear out over time, and they’re reflected of just using the system. It’s a little better now because as Mott has come into the picture, Mott’s exposure in this space had – it’s essentially a gas filter, so it’s a consumable element as well. So they both win new platforms and then have this recurring revenue stream. So it tilts us a little bit more in that direction, and that was favorable for us. So, I alluded to that, but I did say on the back side same thing that you’re seeing here. We probably see a push out an extension of ultimate recovery here on high-cost cutting-edge machine tools. And I think we are seeing the same thing as we talk to our customers. So they don’t necessarily balance themselves out. So we have a little bit of net pressure in the back half of the year from that space but are certainly happy to have this higher level of MRO exposure.
Abhi Khandelwal: Joe, just to kind of bring it altogether in terms of outlook because I think your question towards that will eventually turn to outlook. So again, let me just recalibrate. So if I take a step back, again, think about Q1, as I mentioned, earlier, we came in better than expected. Our EPS performance was better than expected. Coming into second quarter as I look at our outlook, look at our – look at the forward looking where we’re headed from Q2 and beyond. Our backlog position in Q2 supports the 0% to 2% organic, right? And then as I look forward and kind of think about sequentially 3Q, 4Q, HST is a $10 million ramp from 2 to 3, 3 to 4. And really, that’s driven by the backlog that we built for Mott that’s going to ship in the back half of the year, at this time that we are seeing in pharma, space and defense, okay. And FMT is pretty much going to be at the same levels and FSDP at the same levels of 2Q revenue to be able to get to an outlook of 1% to 3%. So, that’s on the top line. On the bottom line, though if you think about it, a third of our bottom line outlook is driven by the volume pieces I just articulated for you, but the two-thirds is tied to things that are in-flight in motion, i.e., cost optimization, de-layering stepping up in the back half. The cost out piece that we laid out for $20 million as part of this conversation that’s back half. And then the timing of share based comp from first half to second half, which is pretty significant, which is almost $0.12. So, again, a third of this first half, second half earnings ramp is tied to the revenue pieces I just laid out, two-thirds is tied to in-flight controllable actions that are part of this outlook.
Joe Giordano: Can I – before I get to my follow-up, just maybe if I can clarify what you just said there. Are you saying that some of that semi ramp with maybe like move on and the large customers is like effectively been replaced with Mott and the 1Q beat and things like that. So, we arrived at the same place, but maybe it’s not as dependent on those large orders?
Abhi Khandelwal: That is correct.
Joe Giordano: Okay. And then just a question on the strategic growth platforms, I mean that’s somewhat new, is there any sense of like rebranding companies as a like, go-to-market as one entity or like as one kind of overarching team? Like, I know that’s not how this is typically done in the past, but it sounds a little bit more like that just in the commentary. So, just curious how you think about individual brands versus like IDEX franchise that goes to customers?
Eric Ashleman: It’s a good point. And actual fact is, this part has been evolving alongside for a while now. I mean to be honest, a lot of the thinking here is actually built on kind of what happened in IDEX Health and – Health & Sciences over the last 10 years. And we do and have for a while now branded that as IDEX Health & Science, at the same time, we still celebrate the individual brands and the brand equity that we have there. So, it’s a bit of a hybrid. As we move through this and evolve, you see that today in IDEX Fire & Safety. I mean we very much present ourselves that way out in the market, but at the same time, then celebrate HST [Technical Difficulty], those individual sub-brands. We are doing the same thing probably in an emerging perspective with an intelligent water. We have – 2 years, 3 years ago, you would go to a Westec, one of the trade shows and see five different booths. We actually have brought this together over the last couple of years, but never lose sight of the individual accumulated brand equity. It’s a much lighter touch and severe duty flow control. That’s where, frankly those individual equity stories are the highest. And all we are really integrating there is kind of front-end customer acquisition through digitization at this point. So, that’s y to none. And then over on the material sciences solutions side, that’s just purchased, just accumulated. There is no point in branding that at this level. So, I think that matters. But for us, it’s indicative of when you reach a state of evolution where, frankly, the customers are starting to say this is what we want. We actually want the capitalization that IDEX provides. We recognize now that these solutions could only happen because IDEX exists and has brought them together. And then even when we introduced and put IDEX on the side of the box, we never subordinate completely those individual brands.
Joe Giordano: Great color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Bryan Blair with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your questions.
Bryan Blair: Thank you. Good morning guys. You have referenced steady day rates a few times. So, imagine directionally, and I know what the response will be. But I was curious if you could offer some detail on order trends at more in rough gas and BAND-IT over March and April. Just curious what the real-time reads have been from those canary type businesses pre versus post tariffs limitation [ph]?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes. I mean look, as I think Eric mentioned it, I alluded to it, as I think about the businesses you are talking about, Eric and I track them on a weekly basis, daily basis. We look at the order trends compared them to last week, last quarter. And what we have seen in Q1, and frankly, to 5:00 p.m. on last night is order trends that have been steady and in line with our expectation. We have seen no movement, if you will, on those order trends.
Eric Ashleman: Really nothing identifiable based on news of the day externally where the next day, it pivots or changes. I mean they always ebb and flow a bit day-to-day, but we look at the kind of moving average and we look at how it tracks across them, that actually tells you more when they line up and move the same way, given the breadth and the difference in businesses, that’s where we get the most intel. And then this time of year as well is also good for us. We have a fair amount of distributor conferences, we bring everybody together into different businesses and we get the opportunity to then have three dimensional conversations around those day rate data. And we just had one of those, the biggest one last week, same story. It’s kind of consistently people saying, hey, things are holding up. My customers are doing well. They are still requiring things. The systems are working. There is hesitancy on bigger projects. I talked about that. But honestly, that’s been pretty consistent for a while now. And then lots of captive energy about I wonder what comes next, that’s absolutely there, too.
Bryan Blair: Of course, that’s helpful color. Thank you. And I understand at any point in time, there is only so much that your team can discuss on this front, but maybe just a high-level update on the M&A environment and how is it all the uncertainty of this backdrop has affected your team and your M&A strand…?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I think there is no question that in terms of people looking to transact quickly and legitimize where their business is going to go and all the things you would need to do to make a transaction move fast in the near-term. I think you see in that pretty slow for not just us, but for everybody. We always kind of divide this activity into buckets, so I would say the lion’s share of all the work that people are doing is really at that conversational diligence level getting to know people. Remember, about 80% of the deals we have done in the last few years have been proprietary, that’s the way we prefer it. We like taking our time, get you to know a business like Mott. And so that was a multiyear conversation. We have other conversations like that going on, and they don’t change or ebb and flow. In fact, in some ways, they get more intensive around changes like this and how that shapes how a team thinks about its business. So, a big category of work that doesn’t get affected, that work around near-term transactions, I think you can imagine that’s slower now. I mean the number of people offering us things from out of the blue is certainly slower for all the reasons you would expect. But that really isn’t a feed or stock for us anyways. So, I think that we – this is a speed bump in many ways, but it doesn’t interrupt the overall quality of the work or the work that we are doing and frankly, our future vision for what we can deploy.
Bryan Blair: That makes sense and encouraging. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hey Deane.
Deane Dray: Maybe you can expand on your earlier comment on strength in municipal water. I mean the idea here is that’s probably the most defensive of defensive verticals just because so much of it is OpEx and non-discretionary and projects are locked in and so forth. But just any color there in terms of the outlook? Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, no. I think you are right. It’s very, very defensible business. And then again, the work that we do is very localized around the wastewater side of things and critical analytics as we examine that infrastructure and help our customers dig into how it’s working. And so that kind of – there is some natural resiliency there on two fronts. One, the things that thunder storms and things that could be affected by climate, I mean they are not affected by trade policy. And so the need for people to understand that mitigated, I think last night, I saw there were floods again in Oklahoma, that’s the work we do. And a lot of our businesses are helping with flow monitoring and understand where the system broke down and how it should be remediated. And so that’s really unaffected. There is some natural resiliency from, frankly, some probably unfortunate variable inputs. On the other side, remember, to the extent there is funding support for this, it’s broad and it extends over multiple years. Our end customer for a lot of these businesses is actually specification engineers, which are putting together the capital projects that goes and grabs some of that funding. So, if we are in a multiyear wave of stronger strength within municipal water, our positioning at the front end of it is, it has got some natural resiliency as well just because we are helping people figure out how that they are going to appropriate those funds, ask for them, request them and put them to work. So, I think some of it is just sector driven, as you said, Deane. I think a lot of it is just the nature of what we do, what we have localized around and the natural resiliency of that kind of work.
Deane Dray: Yes. It’s from what we can see, the storm water management is one of the fastest-growing water sector verticals both because of the funding, but also the fines that the EPA is pursuing against cities if they are not addressing it. Are you seeing both of these driving the strong water management?
Eric Ashleman: Yes, the sort of regulatory side of this has always been a driver for this business.
Deane Dray: Good. And then just separately, any time there is heightened uncertainty, it has a fallout on M&A in terms of if there is a falloff in multiples, the sellers have a way of being pretty sticky and remembering what their business was worth just a few months ago. So, and they will even pull some transactions until things settle out. Just what’s been your perspective here real time on the kind of funnel and multiples?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I think you are right. The quality business has tended to be very sticky around those valuation expectations. If anything, uncertainty then tends to draw things out to wait for good times to return so that everything can be back to normal again. So, the timing probably more than valuations, I would say, being impacted by something like this, this round of uncertainty. For us, I mean we are just in a period with – I mean we are really doing two things in this area. We are spending a lot of time kind of optimizing, building and integrating on, frankly, the higher activity that we brought into the company through M&A, so we are doing a lot of work there. And then around these growth platforms, I mean as I have talked about in the comments, there is a lot of room to run. And so we are doing a lot of exploratory work initial conversations. So, that whole chapter as I have said before, it doesn’t really go down at this point. In fact, in some ways, people are more available for it now. And then on the other side, we are looking at some interesting bolt-ons. We have got a framework here with over half of the company with natural attachment points and so I think around of some nice bolt-on work that could happen here over the next couple of quarters, which will be very good.
Deane Dray: Terrific. And I was remiss at not welcoming Jim to the team and best of luck.
Jim Giannakouros: Thanks Deane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next questions come from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please proceed with your questions.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning all. I wanted to come back to the organic sales outlook of one to three unchanged from the previous outlook. It sounds like the composition has maybe changed a little bit. And I was hoping maybe you could just mention that. So, you are getting the three to four points of incremental tariff-induced pricing. I imagine you had some price embedded in the original assumption. Is it fair to say price is up and you are taking a little bit more hedge on the volume side, any thoughts there?
Abhi Khandelwal: Absolutely. I can walk you through it. So, the original outlook that we had out of 1 point to 3 points implied a price of 1.5 points, so as you kind of think about the full year outlook, the way we see it today, that hasn’t changed. What that does incorporate as an additional 1.5 points of price on a full year basis. So, if you think about the current outlook, it is assuming 3 points of price for the full year and the volume being down 2% of the loan and being flat at the high end, okay. As Eric alluded, as I have mentioned, we have not seen our April order rates move. But proactively, we have gone out and identified an incremental $20 million of cost that were taken out, which then gives us protection from 3% to 4% volume decline in the back half of the year.
Brett Linzey: Alright. Got it. I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up on some of the government spending or the austerity measures under the new administration, are you seeing any spending reductions or impact on grants driving customer spending decisions at this point? And then maybe any update on the core life science customer base and what you are seeing there from an order perspective?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So, on your first question, I mean not a lot directly. I don’t – the kind of work we do is more iterative and not massively project dependent. So, to the extent there is some impact there, it’s harder to read and it hasn’t really presented itself and we just talked about that in our daily rates. Life science is an area where it does come up because there has obviously been some work towards NIH funding, but that’s pretty low percentage ultimately for our customers and the read-through for us is kind of low percentage as well. And frankly, in our life science markets, the strength in pharma sort of offsets it. So, that’s one area where the headline. You can hear about it, hear about a little closer to home, but we – it’s at a low impact level and we offset it. I would say, generally, in places that it might be presenting itself elsewhere in the business, Again, I think it’s probably being offset by some of the strength we have seen in defense applications, space. So, it’s netting out at present if it’s there. And again, because of the nature of sort of project work that we do or the lack of it, you just – it doesn’t present itself as a big impediment at present. I think sort of one of those things that I think people are speculating about direction and ultimate impact, but really hasn’t landed anywhere near us yet.
Brett Linzey: Alright. Got it. Appreciate the detail. Best of luck.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just maybe first, just a follow-up, I want to make sure I understand this. You are basically saying that through this incremental proactive cost out you can absorb a 3% to 4% organic sales decline in the second half of the year, but that is not how you have guided the top line. Do I have that correct?
Abhi Khandelwal: So, when we said 3% to 4% year-over-year. What I am saying is if you think about the $20 million of cost out and think about our prior outlook to our current outlook, it will absorb 3%, 4% top line decline with that $20 million. So, it’s an outlook to outlook shift.
Eric Ashleman: But it would absorb the volume component. We would get some of the price capture would stand in for some of the…
Matt Summerville: Okay. And then as you look at kind of the – maybe you can comment to as the year has unfolded through the first four months realized and that inbound orders have been healthy. Have you seen any discernible trend in sequential cadence in orders? And are you getting any sort of sense that you have customers especially in kind of your more distribution-facing businesses are buying ahead? And if so, can you maybe just try to quantify that? Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: I would say the cadence has been pretty uniform through each of the four months in the majority of our business, maybe elevating and growing a little bit with more strength in HST, but largely, that’s because of the wins we saw places like Mott, in defense and space. So, I mean they are attributable to things you want to see in a business. Everything else is pretty stable. We talked a little earlier about the buy ahead. I mean we looked and looked and looked and think it’s at relatively low levels. I think we talked – what do we say just a second ago, it would be?
Abhi Khandelwal: $6 million to $8 million.
Eric Ashleman: Something like that. It kind of matches the same percentage that we did. It’s unusual for us to do it, kind of usual for our customer base. But we found evidence that we are sort of in line on that. So, we don’t think it’s a big number, but I wouldn’t say it’s zero.
Matt Summerville: But I missed that $6 million to $8 million. Thanks for clarifying that.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Eric Ashleman for closing comments.
Eric Ashleman: Well, thank you very much, Jade, and thanks for everybody for joining the call today. Obviously, as we discussed this morning, it’s a dynamic and fluid situation, as global trade relationships or reset and redefined. But I just asked that we remember some things don’t change at IDEX. Our businesses are really strong. I mean they are just outstanding. We deliver a ton of critical value at price points that are low relative to the total cost of the customer solution. And we enjoy really long and productive relationships with world-class customers. I think our number one job now is to support those same customers as they navigate the same uncertain waters that we were looking at with innovation, agility and global breadth. And as we do that, we will keep our fingers on the pulse of prevailing economic trends and control what we can control, adjust where we need to and clearly communicate our latest thinking as we move through the next phase of change. Thanks again for your interest and support of IDEX and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does now conclude today’s teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-05 10:30:00) =====
Wendy Palacios: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Wendy Palacios, Vice President, FP&A and Investor Relations for IDEX Corporation. Thank you. You may begin. Good morning, everyone. This is Wendy Palacios, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months and full year ending December 31st, 2024. The press release along with the presentation to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our investor website at investors.idexcorp.com. Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Abhi Khandelwal, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Turning to slide two, please note that during today's call, we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures. We will also make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including statements regarding events or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in future periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we make today, and we do not assume any obligation to update them other than as required by law. Information regarding these factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available on our website and in our SEC filings. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Wendy, and good morning, everyone. I'm on slide three. IDEX teams maneuvered a year of choppy and uncertain macro conditions with operational focus and solid execution in 2024. We delivered innovative solutions to our customers, achieved strong product deployment, and both financial and human capital toward our largest acquisition to date, Mott. I want to thank our IDEX employees around the globe for all their contributions. Our IDEX team executed a strong finish to the year. Here are some Q4 highlights. We delivered a series of impactful projects within the Health and Science Technology segment destined for pharma, global broadband satellite communications, and energy transition verticals. We drove organic orders growth across all segments led by HST. Mott achieved strong results in their first quarter with IDEX, delivering a significant filtration systems project within their energy transition vertical. The integration is proceeding smoothly, and Mott's accretion timing is tracking ahead of our original expectations. Our fire safety and diversified product segment set another new quarterly sales record driven by strong growth of their automation programs within integrated fire systems. Reflecting on 2024, we saw three themes play out. When we started the year, there were some encouraging signs of growth, with a noticeable uptick in industrial day rates coupled with expectations at the time for accelerated interest rate easing. We saw this reflected in our 2024 Q1 orders and sales performance in pockets of our portfolio. This environment changed in late Q1 as an unexpectedly high inflation rate reduced the likelihood of rate reductions. The US election cycle with polarized potential outcomes entered the mix in the summer, and most markets settled into an uncertain but stable pattern. Finally, late in the year, we had clarity with respect to both issues as inflation moderated and a presidential candidate won the race, but the dynamic policy implications of the new administration likely moderated any near-term growth catalysts within Q4. As we begin 2025, there appears to be a climate of uncertain optimism. We're sitting on a stable business base, our inventories and lead times recalibrated back to normal levels, and a series of transformational megatrends are ready to help carry strong growth through the second half of the decade and beyond. The open questions continuing to drive near-term uncertainty all relate to the direction of U.S. trade and economic policy within an overall environment of high geopolitical tension. We'll likely have more clarity as we move through the first couple of quarters this year. Despite challenging macro conditions, we are building IDEX to outperform throughout the entirety of a cycle. Our differentiated technologies provide solutions to complex problems and growth-advantaged verticals. We continue to apply 80/20 to each business to fuel growth and productivity, that's been the heartbeat of our operating model for well over a decade. But now more than ever, we're using 80/20 at the enterprise level to drive power, scale, and focus through our portfolio of high-quality businesses. As we turn towards 2025 and beyond, I'd like to show you how far we've already come on this journey. I'm on slide four. We have more aggressively deployed capital over the last few years to build scale through thematic integration. We have also selectively pruned smaller, less growth-advantaged businesses to complement the work. Today, we have over half of IDEX revenue working together collaboratively within five groups, some formal, some building informally, to attack a handful of faster-growing markets that will benefit long-term from the secular tailwinds you see listed here. Doing it with more scale and breadth, which allow us to better leverage our overhead spend while maximizing productivity potential. This is an important strategic roadmap for our future evolution fueled by more power, more focus, more growth, to drive consistent earnings expansion. We have recently deployed the majority of our M&A capital toward businesses that deliver high-quality applications and solutions that leverage differentiated Mott is an important piece of this story, providing more access points to support fast-growing markets with an energy transition space and defense and high-performance semiconductor. Despite the dramatic market ups and downs over the last few years, we remain very committed to expanding our work within life sciences. We have long mutually beneficial partnerships with the world's best customers, and our teams continue to innovate in ways that push the frontiers of what is thought to be possible. We remain confident with the long-term growth outlook in this space. Within Intelligent Water, we built a portfolio that offers an integrated suite of digital analytics, complemented by hardware and mobile solutions that work in some of the world's most demanding environments. This helps our municipal and industrial customers meet the challenges of aging wastewater infrastructure, increasing severe weather events, and stricter regulatory requirements.
Wendy Palacios: In other areas of IDEX, where the markets are more mature,
Eric Ashleman: more industrial and more fragmented, we are collaborating at scale across units to also drive growth and income outperformance. In IDEX fire and safety, our automation capabilities are decreasing the response time and increasing the productivity and agility of emergency workers. We believe we are uniquely positioned with our breadth of product and innovation capabilities to drive solutions of this type. We are enjoying double-digit growth in this area, and automated solutions now make up more than 10% of platform revenue. Finally, within our largest FMT businesses, specializing in severe duty flow control, we are rapidly digitizing the front end of our businesses impacting the way we service and interact with our distributors, OEMs, and end users. This urgent work is powered by the scale and positioning of our best 80s businesses. Ultimately, the next step will deploy a common set of digital tools across all IDEX businesses to drive even higher levels of customer engagement. One last important point. Beyond support for faster growth, the collaboration and integration I'm describing here has additional potential to drive earnings expansion at IDEX. As we build larger scalable platforms and business groups, we can begin to shift vertical organizations, which stack up additively one company at a time, to more efficient horizontal frameworks that better lever our employee dollars allowing us to self-fund more growth resources, positioned very close to the customer for maximum impact. Alongside this work, we continue to push for flat organizations overall to speed decision-making, pushing to eliminate any layers that might get in the way of our utility. Higher thematic scale and integration also supports higher levels of sourcing productivity as the quantities of similar purchased commodity classes naturally increase. You'll see some early tangible benefits of this work within our guidance schedules. We have $0.43 of adjusted EPS support lined up for 2025 in these areas on top of another $0.20 at the midpoint from traditional productivity. We're well-positioned for solid margin expansion as we move the needle on organic growth. Turning to slide five. The last essential piece of our growth strategy is capital deployment. We are focused on the integration of Mott, and deepening collaborative connections across our broader portfolio to leverage Mott's highly engineered filtration technologies into new innovative solutions. At the same time, our dedicated corporate development team continues to work alongside our business leaders to build a robust and active M&A funnel. Cultivating businesses that fit the IDEX mold and have the potential. We have the pipeline, balance sheet, and free cash flow generation to keep M&A as a consistent contributor to our growth over time. With that, I'll turn it over to Abhi to discuss our financial results and guidance.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks, Eric. Turning to the consolidated financial results on slide six. Please note all comparisons are against the prior year period unless stated otherwise. Fourth quarter orders of $817 million were up approximately 8% on a reported basis and up 5% organically. We saw orders growth across the portfolio, with HST experiencing 8% organic growth in the quarter driven by blanket order activity that will ship in 2025. FSDP had mid-single-digit organic growth and FMT had low single-digit growth. For the year, orders were up 4% overall, and up 3% organically. Our HST and FSDP segments experienced high single-digit organic growth. HST growth was driven by year-end blanket order activity in pneumatics and life sciences, combined with strong demand in both semiconductor MRO within our sealing solutions business and within global broadband satellite communications. FSDP growth was driven by the combination of strong demand from North America Fire OEMs and Fire integrated system solutions. FMT experienced a low single-digit organic decline driven by market softness in our agricultural business as well as softness in our semiconductor capital equipment vertical within our intelligent water portfolio. Fourth quarter sales of $863 million were up 9% reported and up 3% organically compared to the prior year. We experienced organic growth of 8% in FSDP and 3% in FMT. FSDP growth was driven by continued strength with North America Fire OEMs production ramp and share gain of automation programs within integrated fire systems. HST was flat organically versus the prior year. Strong execution of targeted growth initiatives tied to fuel cells, projects in pharma and global broadband satellite communications, and strong demand for semiconductor MRO, were offset by broad-based softness in life sciences, analytical instrumentation, automotive, and semiconductor capital equipment verticals. Overall, we delivered approximately $40 million of projects primarily centered in HST. Full year sales of $3.3 billion were flat overall and down 2% organically. HST contracted by 7% on an organic basis, driven by life sciences, and semiconductor cyclical market headwinds. FMT growth was flat with strength in chemicals and municipal water markets offsetting softness in agriculture and semiconductor capital equipment, within the intelligent water platform. FSDP drove low single-digit growth, bolstered by North America Fire OEM, and Fire integrated system solution demand. Fourth quarter gross margin declined 20 basis points to 42.5% on a reported basis. However, on an adjusted basis, gross margin expanded by 40 basis points as the benefit from strong price cost and operational productivity was partially offset by higher employee-related and discretionary costs and unfavorable mix and the net dilutive impact of acquisitions and divestitures. For the year, gross margin was 44.2%, ending relatively flat. Adjusted gross margin was 44.5% expanding 30 basis points. Strong price cost and improved operational productivity net of lower volume leverage were partially offset by high employee-related costs and unfavorable mix. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 26.4%, up 60 basis points. I will discuss the drivers of fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA on the next slide in a moment. On a full-year basis, adjusted EBITDA margin contracted 80 basis points to 26.7%. A bridge of the full-year adjusted EBITDA can be found in the appendix of this presentation. On a GAAP basis, our Q4 effective tax rate was 18.5% versus 22.7% in the prior year period. The full-year 2024 GAAP effective tax rate was 21.1% versus 21.7% in 2023. Both the Q4 and full-year tax rate decreases were primarily due to discrete benefits at year-end including the reduction of taxes accrued on dividends of foreign earnings and the decrease in state tax expense mainly due to the jurisdictional mix of taxable income. Fourth quarter net income was $123 million resulting in GAAP diluted EPS of $1.62. Adjusted net income was $155 million with an adjusted EPS of $2.04. For the full year, net income was $505 million resulting in EPS of $6.64. Adjusted net income was $599 million generating an EPS of $7.89, down $0.33 or 4% from last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $157 million, a decrease of 12%. We achieved a conversion rate of 101% of adjusted net income. For the year, we delivered free cash flow of $603 million, down 4% versus last year, and also coming in at 101% of adjusted net income. We achieved 3.8 in inventory turns and invested $65 million in capital expenditures. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow enabled us to pay $205 million in cash dividends to shareholders this year. We also funded the acquisition of Mott through the combination of approximately $212 million of cash and $774 million of debt. We continue to maintain our strong investment-grade rating and closed the year with a gross leverage ratio of 2.2 times. Moving on to slide seven, I will walk through the details of the adjusted EBITDA drivers. For the fourth quarter, adjusted EBITDA increased by approximately $23 million. Our organic sales volume increased approximately 1% favorably impacted adjusted EBITDA by $2 million flowing through at prior year adjusted gross margin rate of 42.7%. Strong price cost spread of 130 basis points, and operational productivity drove $80 million of benefits year over year. In the quarter, we saw unfavorable mix, primarily in our energy and bandwidth business. We strategically invested in resources, supporting target growth initiatives, in groups such as fire and safety, and intelligent water. All these factors, combine into a favorable organic flow through of 53%. The impact of acquisitions, net of divestitures, and FX increased adjusted EBITDA by $12 million on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Now I would like to move on to our overall outlook for 2025 starting on page eight. Before diving into our full-year guidance, I want to reiterate Eric's opening comments. IDEX continues to have leading positions in attractive end markets attached to strong secular growth trends. Beyond positive economic fundamentals, we will continue to drive above-market growth through pricing power, targeted growth initiatives, competitive lead times, and customer intimacy-driven shared gains. These dynamics are demonstrated within each of our segments, and will result in better-than-market performance over the long term. For the full year 2025, we expect organic growth of 1% to 3%, with the majority of our end markets stable to grow. Within this range, we expect HST to be our highest growth segment near the high end of the range. We're expecting a modest lift within our key end markets in life sciences next and optical filters. And a second-half recovery in the semiconductor capital equipment. We will continue to see tailwinds with pharma, semiconductor MRO, space, and energy transition markets, as we experienced in Q4. For steelwinds, are supported by demand for new disease therapies, and nutrition. Global communications satellite network expansion, and energy consumption tied to data centers.
Eric Ashleman: Additionally,
Abhi Khandelwal: Mott's applications and capabilities enable growth acceleration with energy transition as demand for clean energy expands internationally. And traditional energy solutions grow domestically. For FMT, we expect overall segment growth closer to the lower end of the guidance range. We see the most exposure to market cyclicality in this segment. In our core industrial markets, we expect continued stability as we saw in the fourth quarter but flat to low single-digit market growth and strong price support. This stability will be tempered by energy and agriculture where we see more challenges driven by the timing of capital investments and lower levels of farm income respectively. We remain bullish with the growth in our intelligent water platform driven by continued municipal water markets investment, in wastewater management and aging infrastructure improvements, in conjunction with key project wins in our semiconductor ultra-pure water heater business. Finally, turning to our FSDP segment, we expect organic growth to be towards the midpoint of our guided range with continued strength in our fire and safety business. Our fire business has successfully deployed its integrated systems platform over the past few years and it is now more than 10% of that business. This program has increased our content per truck, which when combined with the recovering North America OEM channel has accelerated our growth. We expect the growth trajectory to continue in 2025. We expect dispensing and bandit to be up low single digits. This segment performance outlook embedded within our organic growth range of 1% to 3% equals adjusted earnings per share growth of $0.15 to $0.40 depending on top-line results including price cost in line, with IDEX's historical performance and slide portfolio mix. Additionally, we will drive operational excellence, from operational productivity more than offsetting wage inflation pressure, contributing $0.15 to $0.25 of adjusted EPS growth. We will also drive $0.43 of growth from the platform optimization and deleveraging savings that Eric already mentioned. In order to achieve these savings, we expect to take $21 to $25 million in restructuring charges during 2025 of which approximately $8 to $10 million is expected in the first quarter. These charges are primarily related to severance. The reset of variable compensation to normal levels after a challenging 2024 combined with higher share-based compensation, results in a $0.29 headwind while the impact of recent acquisition and divestitures contributes $0.24 of adjusted operating EPS growth before finance. Finally, considering a few non-operational items, the higher debt level due to the acquisition of Mott, will unfavorably impact adjusted EPS growth by $0.22. In totality, the overall impact of Mott on 2025 adjusted EPS is accretive, net of higher interest expense ahead of schedule. We expect FX to be a headwind of $0.11 in 2025. An increase in the effective tax rate on a year-over-year basis is creating a $0.14 headwind or adjusted EPS. The 2024 effective tax rate includes certain discrete events, which produced an $0.11 benefit to adjusted EPS in 2024, that will not repeat in 2025, and in addition, the projected 2025 rate of approximately 22% to 23% includes a heavier mix of improved performance in regions, with higher tax rates. Turning to slide nine, I'll provide additional details for the full-year guidance as well as the first quarter of 2025. In summary, for the full year, we expect organic revenue growth of 1% to 3%, to yield GAAP EPS of $6.56 to $6.96 and an adjusted EPS of $8.10 to $8.45, up 3% to 7% over 2024. Adjusted EBITDA margins are expected to be in the range of 27.5% to 28%. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be about $90 million. Corporate costs are expected to be approximately $110 million up from 2024 by approximately $16 million driven by variable compensation reset, and essential compliance investments. Moving on to the first quarter. We are projecting GAAP EPS to range from $1.18 to $1.24 and adjusted EPS to range from $1.60 to $1.65. Organic revenue is expected to decline 3% to 4% compared to the prior year. And adjusted EBITDA margins are expected to be in the range of 24.1% to 24.5%. Organic revenue range reflects the challenge in Q1 2024 comparable with our semiconductor agriculture, chemical, and energy end markets, which decelerated as we exited 2024. We are offsetting a portion of this pressure through positive price cost spread productivity, and our platform optimization savings, to drive an organic flow through on lower volume in the low to mid-40%. Additionally, our adjusted EPS guidance includes $0.06 of pressure versus the prior year from share-based compensation. Add additional color to our first quarter guide, from a sequential perspective versus Q4 2024, we expect to see reduced revenues resulting from $40 million of projects executed in the fourth quarter strong to a gross margin rate as well as some additional volume decline in HST due to semiconductor recovery timing and within FMT due to seasonality within ag and water. We expect pressure of $0.20 to adjusted EPS from accelerated recognition of stock compensation and variable compensation reset as we enter 2025. To close out on our guidance, I would like to provide some pacing considerations to consider as you contemplate our full-year guidance on the next slide. I'm on slide ten. Our guidance implies that revenue and adjusted EPS will be weighted to the second half of the year. In terms of revenue pacing, we expect a higher portion of our full-year sales guide to be delivered in the second half. Driven by sequential recovery of our capital equipment-related semiconductor markets, timing of water project deliveries, and March shipment timing which has historically been weighted to the latter part of the calendar year. Additionally, we expect a modest recovery within our life sciences fluidics and optical filter business, implying low single-digit organic growth for the year with revenue pacing approximately flat across the year. And industrials to show modest market growth with strong price support following historic seasonal patterns. Our targeted growth programs will have a more pronounced impact in the second half. From an adjusted EPS perspective, we expect increased adjusted EPS on higher second-half volume at historical flow-through rates. From optimization, and deleveraging benefits, as well as price cost realization reached full run rate in the third quarter of 2025. And stock compensation expense you will have an in-year first-quarter adjusted EPS impact of approximately $0.20. And a full-year impact of approximately $0.35. With that, I will turn it over to Eric for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Abhi. I'm on Slide eleven. As I close our introductory remarks with an overview of our value drivers, I thought I'd provide some three-dimensional color from my Q4 travels across IDEX to help you really appreciate the quality of our company, our people, and our culture. In late November, I joined more than twenty other IDEX leaders at our Airtech business, acquired in 2021 for a week of rapid continuous improvement events to drive productivity and throughput in support of one of their fastest-growing customers. We included a cohort of large business leaders nearing graduation from the IDEX Academy's leadership excellence program. They took powerful lessons of process-driven servant leadership back to their global teams, to raise the bar on what's possible when great teams work together with full engagement. I checked in on the Mott team in late fall to see firsthand the state of integration. I was inspired as always by their incredible passion for the business as they deliver solutions to the world's most demanding problems. In many ways, it feels like they've been part of IDEX for years, not months. Finally, I traveled to India to visit our facilities and commercial teams. The manufacturing facility we opened less than two years ago near Ahmedabad is already at high levels of utilization. Producing a variety of products for dispensing and our HST material process near Bedodra at our first production campus, I got a chance to visit the secondary school we've built and staffed to support over 250 children from local communities. All of these experiences helped me really appreciate the power of our purpose. Trusted solutions improving lives. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Done. Our confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. Our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Abhi Khandelwal: Hi, Mike. Good morning.
Mike Halloran: So let's start with a lot of what Abhi was going through there and just help me understand the cadencing and the moving pieces a little bit more succinctly. If I think about why Q1 is so soft, and then the confidence in the remaining part of the year, obviously, let's take aside this share-based comp piece, and you just certainly the timing. So the moving pieces here are more project timing, share-based comp. Anything else you would talk to is a broad bucket. But I think the bigger part of the question is just why the confidence in some of these end markets improving as you work through the year, particularly the semi side or anything else? It's a broader question and my follow-up may be a little more succinct related to some of those, but just maybe help line that out because I know that's certainly where we're getting a lot of questions.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah. So why don't I do this? Let me start and then I'll jump in as he sees fit, but so look, I know this Q1 topic, Q4 topic is a big topic. So let's just start first sequentially, Mike, to your point. So if you kinda think about Q4 to Q1 sequentially, as you pointed out, there's about $40 million of project in Q4. So if you think about the organic growth that you saw in Q4, $40 million of that we shipped $40 million of projects in Q4, so that organic growth is very tied to that. You know, $40 million project shipments. So when you go from Q4 to Q1, that $40 million doesn't repeat and there's about a $0.22 impact sequentially. The second thing is when you talk about share-based comp, it is actually a big topic sequentially. So from Q4 to Q1, it's a $0.20 headwind. When you look at it on a sequential basis. So if you start with the $2.04, back out the project, back out the share-based comp, about $0.42 worth of sequential. Now switching gears on you for a second, kinda talking about Q1 year over year. As you recall, when we talked about the last year at the same time, we exited Q4 into Q1 where our industrial businesses saw a positive momentum, positive inflection, and we built backlog in the exiting Q1 last year. In May, we all saw there was a the inflation reading was pretty hard. The likelihood of cutting the rate three to five times was pretty much off the table. And so what we saw in 2024, really, in the first half into the third quarter is that industrial businesses that build backlog, burn that backlog, and quite frankly carries away in 2024. The second half of 2024, Mike, is really all about the strong momentum that we saw in HST type to be orders order growth that we saw in Q3 and Q4. If you recall, Q3 was positive 20%. Q4 was positive 8%. In Q3, we saw blanket activity tied to our life sciences business and some nomadic business. And then in Q4, we saw about $40 million worth of blanket activity thirty of which is tied to a nomadic business and then some more life sciences activity. Now these are not just blanket activity or just normal orders. Right? These are brand new platforms. With specific customers that have delivery schedules throughout 2025. Okay? So that's where the confidence into the HST orders and what that means from a revenue standpoint comes from. Comes for in 2025. So what you're seeing here really is a year that's setting up a positive momentum. We closed January. We built some backlog as part of the January close. So Q1 really is a reflection as you think about Q1 coming into Q1, we have lower backlog on the industrial side. With strong momentum on the HST side as you saw it in Q3, Q4. That's really setting us up for 2025. A couple other things in the quarter year over year, we have a $0.03 headwind from FX. And then another $0.06 of headwind on the margin line tied to share-based comp and variable comp reset. So that's the color between Q4 to Q1 and then Q1 year over year.
Eric Ashleman: And just a couple of things there. I think that last point that Abhi made, I mean, this is us making the turn. Where kinda HST comes back and leads the way. As it will in 2025 from a growth standpoint. That's why we've been building it. The momentum that we saw in those, you know, blankets is a Visa. That's not routine stuff. The Q4 items that we got in our pneumatics area are really really good. I mean, that's tied to, honestly, providing power for data center applications. So really strong things that again, they're unique individual customers with an individual launch rates. We know where those are and how they phase out across the year. The semi comp piece in there is the only piece we didn't really talk about. We do have a couple of customer-specific inventory adjustment pressure points in the early part of the year. That are gonna correct against themselves in the back half. And so while as always, we're kinda waiting for an overall inflection point to get to better days ahead, there is a specific point in there that does show up in phasing beginning to end. You know, so that's out there. But at the same time, you know, around that, got actually a couple of positive data points. Our ceiling solutions business within semi comm does kinda different work. And does more sort of aftermarket you know, maintenance kind of items that you use in a system when you're running it. We see that it's a nice growth in Q4. It's continuing to Q1. That's kind of a precursor at least, you know, indicative that utilization matters and run rates matter and we think is a good data point.
Mike Halloran: Yeah. Got it. Alright. So if I just sum that up clearly then, it's the sequential Q4 to Q1 are actually pretty normal seasonality if you exclude the share-based comp. And you exclude the project activity. That's correct. And then the outlook for the year is also relatively normal seasonality other than how Mott is shaping up, a couple of green shoots are shaping up in your semi commentary. Is that a fair interpretation?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Alright. And then the second one, just we think about the platform optimization and delayering comments you made today. You know, maybe talk a little bit about what this means for the growth profile and for how you think about incremental margins or incremental leverage on that growth on a forward basis and just, you know, kind of frame up with the tailwind or the benefit could be from it.
Eric Ashleman: So I mean, it's a pretty simple ratio. We're moving the top line, the numerator, and the denominator. And so, you know, this is stuff that we always had in mind as we're putting these pieces together, and maybe I'll kinda work it around the newer part that we're building around material science applications. But these businesses do link together thematically. They're all leveraging technologies, that are unique to each business, but are kind of pinging against the same four to five markets. So you're able to get some commercial efficiency there. You're able to kinda move from a system where kind of they call it the old IDEX way where each business sort of has to support itself in every single function. So now a couple of businesses that are able to enter intertwine either commercially or via technology, sometimes shared services in back office. And so you're getting more mass close to the customer to support growth resources and the growth mission of the company. And you're doing it in a way where actually, you know, you're moving up within the organization. That we're interfacing with in the markets that matter the most because we're bringing more power. And more mass to those. You got a chance to move the needle more on the top end you're actually able to do it a lot more efficiently from a resource perspective because you don't have to kinda string along a bunch of pearls got some unique ways to combine things and get that leverage. So you saw that play out. You're seeing it play out in the 2025 numbers. Both the top line and the bottom because most of the growth highlights we have kinda coming off that page. And a lion's share of the productivity we're delivering is in the same areas. And that's a story that isn't done. As we continue to run this out, we keep assembling the pieces, we put more scale, and we get more depth and presence with certain customer sets and markets, there's things we can do from a facilities perspective, other things along the way here. So it has always been part of how we thought about this to not only drive growth, but get the inner earnings expansion and the kicks that you want there as well by working the top and the bottom of the ratio.
Mike Halloran: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Vlad Bystricky: Morning, guys. Morning, Tim. Thanks for taking my call. Thanks for all the color and the outlook and the phasing. I guess just stepping back in terms of the broader macroeconomic backdrop and what's assumed in your guidance. Have you made any specific assumptions relative to potential tariff impacts coming in, and what are you hearing from your customers as they're thinking about, you know, those potential impacts in this uncertain environment that you mentioned?
Eric Ashleman: Look at I mean, nothing really material here in the numbers of the quarterly phasing that anticipates direction there. Because as you know, they're you know, some of it's some of it's along the lines I would've guessed. Some other pieces of it are kinda surprising and they're on off again in nature. So what I will tell you is that I just step back and say, here's how we're generally set up for anywhere this goes. We're really, really localized. Any region we do business. So the majority of the content that we are procuring and sourcing and putting into production and then selling generally happens within the same border. It's always been the model kind of before Tara. Wave one and where we are now. Now over the last five or six years, like a lot of companies, I mean, we've been more intentional about mitigating faraway you know, portions of our supply chain. We move things around. We've taken certain, you know, ratios and fractions down. It got more second sources, you know, some of that was trade war related. Some of it is COVID and that whole experience. We've done those things too. And then as always, you know, we just keep coming back to, you know, the differentiation and the boats around our franchises in frankly, the long relationships that we have, which gives us some pricing protection as things come out and it's simply unavoidable and we're delivering critical technology. So you know, we're tracking in any one of these scenarios sort of the, you know, price we might pay as an importer, where we know where that is. We know where it is if the supplier is paying it, and maybe most importantly, given our model, we know those places where if something were to come out and, you know, there was long duration, it's gonna tend to lag in through value-added steps. An example I would give you here would be electronics. We buy a lot of it from local board houses and things, but almost all of the components probably are coming from somewhere else. And so, you know, learned our we learned some things in the first wave. We know where those points are. We can understand them, potentially move things if we need to. But at the end of the day, we think we can protect it with price differentiation. So that's the general approach. We meet on it more actively as, again, I think most customers companies are. And then we're, you know, spending the time working different scenarios here. We don't have you know, at least from a North America perspective, we don't have a facility in Mexico. We have kind of a small to medium one in Canada. And again, a very localized model overall.
Vlad Bystricky: Okay. That's really helpful. Eric, appreciate that. And then I just wanted to shift to capital deployment for a minute here. I know the M&A funnel update was interesting and helpful. Is there a way to think about sort of the mix of proprietary versus competitive targets in that $10 billion plus potential funnel? And are there particular businesses where you see a higher proportion of potentially larger deals that could come through?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. Well, I would still say I mean, we've got a lot of focus in areas where we've been deploying capital. So continuing to flesh out that space, the spaces within HST you know, a lot of companion technologies to the material science businesses that we put up there. I mean, a lot of there's still a decent portion of the funnel, but takes that even to another level. That's an area of interest. Proprietary transactions are very much what we're trying to drive here. Over the last few years, as we stepped up this work, we've been about an 80% proprietary level on the transactions that we've done. Work we're doing now, that's absolutely our focus. So when you talk about who's gonna go over and have that first conversation with somebody just introduce them to the concept of IDEX. As you can probably imagine, the more successful we are with, you know, bringing these transactions over the line. Gives us reference points and people that they can then talk to. Understand what that experience was like. Now, so you start to build some natural credibility and momentum as that approach plays out. So I'd love to hold that ratio if we could as we go through it. I think we've got a mix in the funnel right now that would suggest we could. And we are all spending our time in a way that supports largely proprietary transactions kind of regardless of the spaces we're looking at. I mean, these are again, we're kind of you know, we like that low on the bill of material, mission criticality component. Often not top of mind. You know, for some people. We see things a little differently. I think Mott was a good example there. We viewed that as a way that it could have some you know, interdependence with other IDEX businesses in a way that's kinda uniquely IDEX. I think we were out there and we're able to tell that story for longer than others might have been able to. So we very much wanna keep this approach.
Abhi Khandelwal: And I'm glad this will be and as you know, our leverage and the capacity. So we do have the balance sheet capacity to go support M&A the way we laid out the page and still maintain our investment-grade rating.
Vlad Bystricky: Great. Appreciate it. I'll get back in queue.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone. Good morning. I'm gonna start off with the back on the Q1 guide and specifically the $40 million projects that shipped in the fourth quarter. Maybe I missed it. Maybe I already said it. Which of the I mean, I assume it's HST, FMT. How did that split between those segments? I'm just trying to get a better idea of you know, maybe what some core growth numbers in the fourth quarter would have been x some of these project shipments.
Abhi Khandelwal: Hey, Nathan. This is Abhishek. So it's about 80% HST with a couple of projects in FMT and FSDP. But the majority of this was HST driven in Q4.
Nathan Jones: And so that means then that probably the because I mean, by the same as Mike said, we're getting a lot of questions about the revenue guide in the first quarter. I think you've explained some of the earnings stuff. Any color on how you're expecting that you know, minus 3% to 4% to play out across the segments? In the first quarter of 2025?
Abhi Khandelwal: Absolutely. I can give you that, Nathan. So think of FMT kinda going back to my backlog conversation I just had. You know, starting the year. FMT is gonna be down mid-single digit. With HST low single digit to mid-single digit decline and FSDP up low single digit. That's how we have laid out this guide to get to 3% to 4% decline.
Nathan Jones: That's helpful. Thanks. And then I wanted to talk a little bit more about actually, slide four or slide five with the leveraging scale to drive growth and earnings. Eric, you've given some color there around, you know, some of the initiatives. I was hoping to dig a little bit more some of the financial impacts I mean, when you're talking about supply chain leverage, that should show up in gross margins, and you're also talking about SG&A leverage here. Over time, how does that contribute to the financial performance of the business? Like, I mean, you must have in your model some way some expectations of know, this had 20 basis points to gross margins a year or 20 basis points to SG&A leverage a year. Just how we should think about how that moves the needle for IDEX from a financial perspective.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah, Nathan. So the best way to think about it is kinda going back to what we've been talking about over the last, you know, twelve months, which is really thinking about EBITDA margins here. So if you kind of think about HSD long term, what we've laid out, is a low to mid-30% EBITDA business in HST. So as you start to think about the work we're doing around delevering, around from, you know, platform optimization and building scale, you should expect to see that SG&A benefit. Expect to see that gross margin benefit because the cost is not just in SG&A, it's also above, you know, in the gross margin line. So you should start to see the margin needle move. And you should expect HSD to get to low to mid-30% EBITDA business. And then FMT, you know, is already north of 30 and then FSDP to be closer to 30% EBITDA.
Eric Ashleman: I mean, we you know, I know you got
Eric Ashleman: one example here, we talked a little bit, you know, we brought Mott on board. And talked about where it kinda came in from an EBITDA perspective and how we're gonna help them aggressively start to boost it. I mean, some of what we're talking about here is how that work is done. You're sharper on the front end. 80/20 says you're localizing around your highest margin products for the kind of the four to the franchises, and you're moving those the most with the most consequence, great drop-down contribution margin when you do that. Now you're super careful about where you're sort of leveraging resources elsewhere, what's needed to run a business within a company like IDEX, to get that bottom line pickup as well. It's early days in some of the things we're doing in sourcing that you know, just to get your head around it, if you start to think about it over time, you put lots and lots and lots in optics franchises together that find a lot of the same base level materials. And we're kind of seeing that in each one of these areas. Whether it's castings in one or optics in another, motors in a third. You can start to you can approach that in a very different way.
Nathan Jones: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll get back in the queue.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey. Just for starters, I appreciate all the specifics. On the first quarter guide. You know, we were all in a bit of a vacuum with the release, and it was very helpful to hear the specifics this morning. But that was probably the bulk of our questions that we were getting before the call. But I appreciate how you've bridged that for us. And so first question is and this has ever been a time to kinda plum what you're seeing in terms of tone of business, it seems now. You know, last quarter, it was election uncertainty that seems to have been replaced with policy uncertainty. Yep. And but at the end, you have got great indicators in terms of sentiment that your customers on a short cycle stop. So what are the Bellwether businesses telling you? And related when we ask about blanket orders. But the return of them is a positive that your key customers are giving you that kind of line of sight. So is that also part of a tone of business? And are you gonna calibrate that for us?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah. No. I thanks for the questions and the
Eric Ashleman: comments in the beginning there. Mean, so let's start over on the more industrial side of this. The thing where we're closer to consumption. I mean, I would say so that's that has been very stable. It was stable all last year. I mean, even though as I said in my comments, we got some certainty around candidate selection in Q4. I mean, you don't really see a bounce necessarily because it very quickly went into the other area, which you mentioned, which is of the, you know, many policies that are being suggested are likely to play out and can everybody get their head around whether that's good, bad, negative, indifferent, all of those things? Reason I called it uncertain optimism is I do think in most of those conversations, you are seeing people sort of lean forward saying, I think it's gonna be a good business environment. Like, we're having more discussions about future projects, we're being asked to think and consider and quote on some things even in those industrial spaces that can we work two or three quarters ago. And so I think I think that's a positive. That being said, it's not like they're running the system higher. The factories are not working extra shifts. We're not really seeing that yet. So it's a more positive environment, I think. I think really would like to get some clarity on where we need to go. Again, we're kinda set up to deal with either one of those swim lines. It would just be nice to know which one we're likely to get. I think that's on the industrial side. I think your pointing at the blankets is super important because that is kind of a different world. And it's reflective of why we've spent so much time trying to build our critical mass in some of these HST markets. I'll pick a couple so you can kinda get your head around it. We're doing a lot of work around the space side of things. Not a huge part of IDEX today, but its growth potential is really high. So the conversations when you're talking about people that are in that space, it's not about what's the policy and, you know, where are interest rates going. It's hey, how many people are gonna be shooting rockets up into the atmosphere? How many people wanna play with communication satellites? Are they gonna be able to get payloads at another level? And so when we're getting orders and positions on solutions in those areas, what's your annuity streams? That I don't think are subject to some of the distortions you know, month to month, quarter to quarter that we've seen in some of the other areas of the business. So there's one example. I mean, I think we have others in some of the things we're doing. We've got good. Things going on in pharma. The Mott solution that we talked about in Q4 that they delivered, it's the first time that work's ever been done.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah. I'm sure
Eric Ashleman: a lot of this work and those orders and those order positions and the things that we're putting out there are about settings. Specification points for evolving markets that I think are a little less dependent. On some of the ups and downs and sideways of, you know, kinda news of the day. And so I mean, we're really encouraged you can tell, by those Q3 brackets, the Q4 because the numbers are good, but largely what they represent, and how they position us for the years to come.
Abhi Khandelwal: And Dean, just to add to that, when we talk about Blended, more on the more for the near term above and beyond what Eric also said. It does those bankers that we're talking about have specific ship dates in 2025. So they are they're gonna get shipped in 2025. Of course, you know, once you book a blank, it doesn't get shipped on January first. But they have delivery schedules tied to it. Throughout the year that we're gonna get you know, get the product out the door.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. And second question, and I might have missed it in the 2025 assumptions. It are growth investments. That's always a lever that you have. It's a way of investing for the future,
Eric Ashleman: Yep.
Deane Dray: Page four probably had a number of those growth and best in 2025, and what was that number? And in 2024?
Eric Ashleman: Well, this is just kind of an interesting one because in many ways, they don't stick out. In ways that they have before as a bridge item. Because in as I said in the comments here, we've largely self-funded a lot of the growth investments within those five areas that we talked about. We have a net productivity benefit because if we've been able to resource lever but that's sort of after the fact of us building some scalable mass as we go out some of these spaces. So I guess it's because of the way that this architecture is being built that we've actually got more natural productivity, so you have to look less at it. There are some exceptions around the edges, but you're actually getting more power underneath the hood than is showing as an exceptional bridge item because of that work. Correct.
Deane Dray: Appreciate all that color. Thank you.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with TD Callen. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Giordano: Just to start on the projects that you got, the $40 million. Was that contemplated when you gave when you guys reported Q3, was that contemplated originally in the fourth quarter or is that kind of a pull-in? Because I'm just curious you got to the low end of the organic guide for the quarter, but the margin was below the low end. So just what if any of that was expected?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah. So, Joe, when we guided Q4 as part of the Q3 call, we were very, very specific around the project delivery that we're expecting in Q4. In fact, the exact language that we use around it was, hey, if you think about Q3 to Q4 ramp, the businesses in general are stable. And sequentially flat. And on top of it, what you have is project activity that we're gonna see from Q3 to Q4. So we specifically called it out as part of our guidance.
Joe Giordano: Okay. And then if I look at the bridge I think that's obviously where all the confusion is with people today. I thought you said that I have a cup kind of a couple embedded questions here. Like, on semi, I thought you said that it decelerated out of Q4, and now it sounds like that's a major part of the acceleration in the second half of the year. So maybe if you can dig in there, on like, where and semi are you talking about, whether it's memory or other things, and then, like, the life science, how does that play with NIH? Potential defunding and, like, export restrictions on tools and things like that. How I guess, I'm getting, like, how much of that ramp is you know, secured with firm orders, or is it just an expectation of a market change?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. So the two areas that you talked about on this on the semi side, we kinda have two pieces of it. On the positive side, in our ceiling solutions business, the smaller percentage, but that was positive in Q4. It remains positive in Q1. And it's kind of think of it as like MRO aftermarket business kind of a wearable item that you're using as you maintain the system. So we're calling that out. It's not the major driver, but it's important because it is positive in some ways we think it's a precursor of days ahead. The more impactful disruption is in the first half of the year here and sitting in the first quarter. This is on the kind of tool equipment side where we do the lion's share of the rest of our work. I mean, we do have some inventory adjustments that are being taken probably for some of those because of those impacts, so those economic variables or political variables that you talked about, that we know is happening. And so we've got kind of a phenomenon where we pause a bit inside the business for that part of what we deliver in semi, and then we pick it up again in the second half of the year. Not necessarily a market effect. It's more of a discrete customer item that we know about. The third item that I was talking about from our long-range support is we're seeing very good commercial activity around the kind of ragged edge of the spectrum where we do a lot of the work that ultimately supports future run out towards 2030 and beyond. So kinda got near term, positive, we got this bump in existing programs where we have to navigate that first half to second half and then we've got some long-term indicators that actually we think are really positive.
Eric Ashleman: On the life science side, you know, you talked through some of those things. Look, we see low single-digit to mid-single-digit lift in that kind of core fluidics handling franchise that we have around animal analytical instrumentation, within all life science stuff, good stuff within optical filters, which we have a life science component that's tucked in there. Offset a little bit by some of the work that we do around genomics. That is tied a little bit more to some of the uncertainty around government funding. A lot of that's used for population surveillance and those things. But a net positive overall as we run through the year and what we see and what we call H and S are life sciences.
Joe Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning all. Thanks. First question just on price cost. Can you just clarify within that $0.15 to $0.40 that's organic, how much are you embedding for price cost? And then any context on the phasing through the year? Is it negative in the first quarter and you catch up? Any context would be good.
Abhi Khandelwal: Absolutely, Brett. I can answer that for you. So when you think about price cost, spread that we've laid out in this guide, I've laid out about 60 to 80 basis points of price cost spread in the guide. If you think about phasing on the pricing piece, first half to second half, I've said it's about incremental $10 million of pricing in the back half of the year because if you really think to the pricing mechanism and how we do it, typically announce our pricing increase that goes into effect in Q1. So there's a quarter worth of lag. So think of it as first half to second half about an incremental $10 million on price you should expect to see. But we don't have a negative position. No. It's positive 60 to 80 basis points spread for the year. Yeah. And
Eric Ashleman: Yeah.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. You know, I appreciate the color there. And then just a question on HST and this in slide thirteen. So you indicated that the challenging comparable in life science and analytical as an offset to strength elsewhere. Just a little bit of context there, I guess, on the moving pieces. I thought orders were down about 19% and sales pretty soft. I don't know if that suggests that life science and analytical was up in the prior quarter. Just any color would be great.
Abhi Khandelwal: I'm sorry, but try that question again. I'm not sure. I completely followed you.
Brett Linzey: Oh, on slide thirteen, you said that you had noted a challenging comparable in life science and analytical instrumentation was an offset to strength elsewhere. I guess, was that a Q4 comment? I know Q4 2023 HST was down pretty significantly. So just wanted to square the moving pieces within the divisions.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah. So look, I think if you think about Q4 2023 and Q4 2024 for life sciences has been pretty much flat sequentially. If I kind of take a look at our sales and where we've been in the last four quarters in 2024, it's pretty much similar. Throughout the year. While they have been flat on a year-over-year basis, there has still been pressure on the life sciences side. From 2024 to 2023. So that's what we're talking about when we say we've always talked about life science in the context of 2024 being, hey. Sequentially, we have seen a flat top line, but on a year-over-year basis, it's still down.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Abhi Khandelwal: Morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: So yeah, I had a kinda high-level strategic question I wanted to ask. And that know, HST has really come it's really not come back the way we thought it would, and it had a good year out of COVID or good two years. It's been a long time since we really seen that growth pick up, and it seems to be you know, quite a long cycle business. I'm wondering, you know, does this inform kinda where you wanna go with this segment in terms of strategic acquisitions? Has it surprised you how long cycle and how tough it's been? And if you could just comment, like, is that a fair criticism in that it it's much more longer than we when we thought.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, longer cycle would kind of, I think, imply that there's a consistent wave and it's gonna come around again and again and again. I that I wouldn't agree with. I think know, what what is surprising is probably the impact and the duration. And you know, just overall numbers involved on the sort of COVID post-COVID run-up and rundown. On two sectors of that segment that formed half of it. Yep. Originally. Now that percentage is actually lower today as we've acquired things in mean, we're acquiring them in different spaces. Mott alone with its focus on energy transition starts to take those levels down. They're not as critical as they were. Just singly with two dimensions. But, you know, I go back and say, you know, in hindsight, it all looks totally rational, but you had a global health event. So the very sector that was involved in trying to keep people safe and mean, got max funding, max velocity, and was really, really hot. And, yeah, it was a little surprising in how long it took the, you know, multi-years to recalibrate itself back and find its footing again. But the dynamics of that market, they don't I don't think they're changed. I mean, we still got tremendous challenges out there in terms of health events and things that we're trying to crack the code and figure out you know, we're winning and that the platforms that we're working on today, I mean, are gonna ultimately make life a lot better for people as we go forward. So don't think that these has changed, it's on the back end of a very, very singular event. That in itself was held you know, health consequential and driven. Right next to it was the semi side of it. Everybody went from working here to working at their house. They all bought PCs, and it's been a long time since they've needed new ones. And so you got two things that were half of our segment that I still think Alcentomite always has a certain amount of cyclicality, and we're always gonna be careful to keep that ratio reasonable within IDEX, I think the two of them together the duration of it and what caused it, was pretty exceptional. And I think, you know, what's important to realize here is while it we're actually seeing the swing. We're seeing the swing now where HST comes back. Our 2025 guidance has it leading the way in growth for IDEX. That's a position we should expect it to remain in. And I think we're going to see less and less and less of any of those echoes and ripples. And now, frankly, very, very exciting days ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yeah. And just a similar question with FMT. I would think that that would be recovering pretty strongly this year. And it seems as though kinda similarly, it seems like the not a short cycle either. It's something changed in that business where you're finding your I don't know. More of these long-duration projects than you used to be in the past.
Eric Ashleman: No. I mean, largely the FMT when taken entirely, doesn't have a lot of projects in it. We talk about it. They're usually in kind of our chemical spaces, energy. That's where you see a couple of them. It's been a fragmented space that's, you know, reflective of general industry. That's why it tends to oscillate pretty fast. We referenced frankly pretty dramatic up down into 2024 as the know, the world dialed in differently. I think, you know, what you're seeing there with kinda FMT being in sort of a third place positioning for growth in the current you know, environment. Is the uncertainty that we talked about with Dean playing out mean, we're looking for direction on policy and things that you know, get some of those conversations that I referenced to turn into commitments, orders, and positions. When that happens at IDEX, we typically chase it pretty quick and ramp it up.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yeah. Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our final question this morning comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Thanks for the question. I wanted to follow up on where you were going a minute ago, Eric. I mean, if you look at obviously HST, you cited the sources of the volatility, both up and down. And if you look across the trend line, you know, and I know the business has changed, but do you think that they're that we're back to normal there and, as you mentioned, that we're to resume growth, is there any you know, reversion to mean upwards versus maybe a higher trend line growth you would expect from that segment? That's my first question. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. No. I well, like, I think I think we're heading in deposit territory. We're careful on the life science you know, recovery and the lift that we're talking about here. I don't think it's a snapback kind of thing. Ultimately, that should be more, you know, growing at higher levels, than even what we have projected in here. But we're kind of following the moderate trend lines to move away from where we've been to where we're going. We think long term, I mean, that has tremendous growth prospects. It should be a mid-single-digit at a minimum kind of franchise for us. We're just being pretty careful and moderate about our projections as we start to approach that. In the semi side, I think we're conservative there as well. We're seeing some good things. We're seeing obviously, we've got the item I mentioned internally was customer positioning here. But generally, we see that we're closer to where that next cycle is gonna be. We're super well positioned in terms of how we're represented across critical technology. I think that's gonna be an important component. Those two things where we typically just spent the bulk of our time talking about HST when we get here as I said, they used to be half the segments. They're actually lower now. Things that Mott is doing and delivering within energy transitions or great work around their the water franchise that they have with inside that business. You're gonna start to hear some things as those come out. We're gonna be talking about those more. It's gonna be a more balanced suite. Product. And, again, I think you know, most of our reasons we like it is it's not as dependent on some of the you know, temporal shift in mood and things because these are fast-evolving applications that are moving pretty rapidly from phase one to phase two of their own evolution. So being there first is really, really important and exciting.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. I'll stop there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question and answer. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Ashleman for any final comments.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks. Thanks for joining today. Appreciate all the other quick questions and the interest. As always. I'll probably conclude with some comments that are gonna echo some of the things we talked about, but I wanna make sure that we end with them here. We're at an important inflection point for IDEX. As we began to be bringing together some of these recently acquired businesses with select legacy businesses that we've long had to build scale and power in the focus that I talked about on slide four. You see that that's, you know, that's set up to deliver and starting to deliver nice growth on the top line and then some really, really nice productivity and leverage on the bottom. So working both sides of this ratio, we think, is really important. And we're now watching HST make that transition and that swing from a tough couple of years. We talked about why that happened. You know, to being back out in the lead, is we, you know, leading the way for growth for IDEX. And again, and I like the conversation we had with Dean. I mean, you know, blanket orders, their numbers, they're important, they help with the comps. Each one of them has a story. And the story that you see there is in many cases entry points into some of the best applications that we're gonna be talking about for the next five to ten years. And really, really important that we get out there super innovative, first to get there. To see Mott contributing in that way this early as part of the company, really, really provide some nice energy. Not leaving FMT and FSDP behind. Didn't touch on it much here today, but, you know, that point around digitization and automation being able to apply that at scale. That's an important milestone and a threshold. I don't wanna lose sight of that either. But end of the day, we think we're building something special here. We are excited to keep talking about it with you along the way, and I look forward to the next time we get to do it. Have a great day.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call.
Operator: You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2024 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Wendy Palacios, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations. Thank you, Wendy. You may begin.
Wendy Palacios: Good morning, everyone. This is Wendy Palacios, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter 2024 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3 months ending September 30, 2024. The press release, along with the presentation to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our investor website at investors.idexcorp.com. Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Abhi Khandelwal, our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. Turning to Slide 2. Please note that during today's call, we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures. We will also make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including statements regarding events or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we make today. We do not assume any obligation to update them. Information regarding these factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available on our website and in our SEC filings. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Wendy, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 3. Our IDEX teams drove strong Q3 results in an uncertain environment. Here are the highlights. We delivered nice organic growth supported by excellent margins in our Fluid & Metering Technology and Fire Safety and Diversified Products segments. Our free cash flow across IDEX of $192 million was 33% of adjusted net income. Execution through operational excellence was really strong overall. We're pleased to see orders growth within our Health & Science Technologies segment, and our teams are digging into the Mott acquisition with focus energy as we align around our best long-term growth prospects across all of our recent HST acquisitions. We have some important projects to deliver in Q4 in all segments that set us up well for next year. From the start of Q2 to the end of Q3, we really haven't seen a noticeable change in the macro environment. The recent interest rate drop by the Fed and China's stimulus announcements has yet to create positive ripple effects through improved certainty. An extremely close U.S. November election with polarized outcomes also isn't helping in the near term. Take all of that together, and we continue to see an environment where day-to-day order rates remain stable with an absence of larger long-term project commitments. This dynamic really holds true in the more fragmented industrial markets of FMT. We're encouraged by an increase in quoting activity as we move from summer to fall and we don't see projects moving from delayed to canceled. We'll watch for signs either way as many customers move more formally consider their capital and OpEx deployment within calendar budget cycles. We continue to see strength within our intelligent water markets, and I'll talk more about our focused efforts there on the next slide. Within the Health & Science Technologies segment, we saw a robust Q3 organic orders increase partially driven by blanket orders, many of them landing within our IDEX Health & Science business. Admittedly, we're comparing to the low point of last year, but we drove year-over-year order increases in all of our major HST reporting areas. We booked a bit of backlog overall this quarter, and we posted a nice sequential uptick to our highest order point in 2024. We are encouraged by these trends within HST, but remain cautious as we consider the trajectory of recovery within our most important markets. Our defense, aerospace and satellite communication markets are strong. They experienced double-digit growth within the quarter. However, most major semiconductor customers are pushing out the next industry inflection point into at least the midpoint of 2025. Life Sciences and analytical instrumentation customers are more positive than they have been. They're innovating at a rapid clip and launching a lot of new gear. But they, too, are pretty noncommittal to the timing of next level growth rates. Our teams continue to deploy resources toward their best long-term growth prospects with an eye towards applied materials science technology synergies as we integrate Mott alongside our recent HST acquisitions. Fire Safety and Diversified Products had a solid quarter exceeding expectations, achieving record sales performance. Our fire business continues to grow share and scale production to meet North American OEM multiyear backlogs. BAND-IT experienced strong growth from aerospace demand. Finally, recall our dispensing business was impacted by top-line headwinds of $40 million from the end of a large 2023 North American large retailer replenishment cycle, but our teams continue to work to offset that pressure by delivering strong growth within emerging markets. We've closed that year-over-year gap considerably, delivering over 15,000 units from our new facility in India, just opened in April of last year. As an aside, I want to thank our team members from IDEX Fire & Safety, who chipped in to help people in North Carolina following the devastation from the remnants of Hurricane Helene. Finally, we're thrilled to formally close on the Mott acquisition this quarter. Things are really exciting there. We'll share more details on the progress of the integration activities and some of the benefits we are experiencing early on in a slide to follow. Turning to slide 4. Our intelligent water platform continues to be a bright spot for us. We see significant opportunities now and in the future as municipalities and industries around the world cope with the impacts of climate change as they navigate dynamic regulatory and funding ecosystems to support the best use and management of water. Water management is a sector that has classically been slow to change. Those days are over. Our aging and neglected infrastructure just can't handle the demands of expanding populations and increasingly severe weather events. What was once underground and out of sight is now impossible to ignore. What was once analog and manual is now increasingly digital and automated. And federal, regulatory and funding support is stepping in to drive growth from above within a typically bottoms up local and regional landscape. And our teams are ready to meet the challenge. Below ground, IDEX Intelligent Water aims to be the collection system experts, monitoring flow of storm water and identifying small issues before they become big ones. Above ground, our teams help protect the environment with solutions that treat water and reduce the amount being used in critical processes. You see some examples here on the slide. The Envirosight Verisight ultra camera inspection system gives teams better capabilities for remote inspection of sewers in more challenging environments than before. Most recent addition to the platform is Subterra, which acquired about three months ago. This rapid sewer screening solution complements our core inspection technologies with iPEK, Envirosight and WinCan. Subterra’s SewerScout floats untethered downstream, capturing three-dimensional data along the way. The market needs a simple condition assessment tool in their wastewater collection systems, specifically for large pipes that are rarely inspected. Subterra's Technologies performing within an integrated digital analytics suite addresses that need and expands our overall IDEX expertise in this space. And yet another example of IDEX serving semiconductor manufacturers, the Quantum XT ultrapure water heater and pumps from Trevor continues to save billions of leaders of ultrapure water. In this market, Trevor's innovation displaced in a established heater pump manufacturer that didn't recognize or address quickly enough the semiconductor industry's needs to reduce water consumption. Now, turning to slide 5 and an update on our acquisition of Mott Corporation. Less than two months since completing our acquisition of Mott, the partnership is off to a fast start. A few high-potential IDEX team members have formally joined the Mott leadership team in the earliest days of acquisition integration. This gives the Mott team a living key into the rest of IDEX to drive collaborative efficiency. While it's too soon to share specifics, teams from Mott and other IDEX units within HST are already working on innovative new solutions together to leverage Mott's highly engineered filtration technologies. In one instance, a combined team has rapidly developed a customer-ready prototype in the first 90 days of Mott being part of IDEX. Frankly, it's been tremendous to see. As you can see in the photo on the right of slide 5 earlier this month, Mott opened its third manufacturing facility in Connecticut. This plant quadruples Mott's production capacity for custom design ultra-thin porous metal sheets, which are a critical component in the generation of green hydrogen, a low emission fuel essential for world's energy transition. The picture on the left shows Mott's high-purity operations where point-of-use gas filters used in the semiconductor industry are laser marked, pressure and helium leak tested, inspected then pulse cleaned before bagging. As a reminder, Mott is a leader in the design and manufacturing of centered porous material structures and flow control solutions. The Mott team has deep material science knowledge and process control capabilities. Their business complementary to our broader applied materials science technology businesses within HST, including Muon, STC Material Solutions and Optical Technologies. We're excited about Mott's history of execution the robust backlog funnel that is built to date with key project deliveries as we close out 2024. With that, I'll turn it over to Abhi to discuss our financial results.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks, Eric. Turning to the consolidated financial results on slide 6. Please note that all comparisons are against the prior year period unless stated otherwise. Also, the acquisition of Mott is reflected in IDEX's consolidated and HST segment financials as of the close of the transaction on September 5. Third quarter orders of $781 million were up approximately 10% on a reported basis and up 8% organically. We saw orders growth across the portfolio with HST seeing 20% organic growth in the quarter, half of which was partially driven by blanket order activity that will ship in 2025. FSDP had low single-digit organic growth while FMT was essentially flat. We did see slight sequential growth in FMT orders. Third quarter sales of $798 million were up 1% reported and flat organically compared to the prior year. We experienced organic growth of 4% in FSDP and 2% in FMT. HST had a 5% organic decline driven by continued headwinds that I will cover in the upcoming slides. Third quarter gross margin was 44.3% and adjusted gross margin was 44.6%, an expansion of 20 basis points and 40 basis points, respectively. Gross margin expansion was driven by strong price/cost, partially offset by higher employee-related costs. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 26.9%, down 150 basis points. With the acquisition of Mott, our biggest acquisition to date, we had higher than typical M&A spending, which negatively impacted our margins by approximately 40 basis points. We are accelerating the integration of Mott and are excited to see the realization of the expected commercial synergies. We continue to leverage 80/20 across IDEX to deploy resources to growth and reduce complexity. I will discuss the drivers of third quarter adjusted EBITDA on the next slide in a moment. On a GAAP basis, our Q3 effective tax rate was 22.9% versus 20.2% in the prior year period. The prior year rate included certain onetime benefits, which contributed $0.11 of adjusted EPS in the prior year period. Third quarter net income was $119 million, resulting in GAAP EPS of $1.57. Adjusted net income was $144 million with an adjusted EPS of $1.90, down $0.22 or 10%. We achieved the higher end of our guide. And while our guidance did not include contributions from Mott or its related financing costs, these amounts essentially offset one another during the quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was $192 million, a decrease of 7%. We achieved a conversion rate of 133% of adjusted net income, a 400 basis point improvement on a year-over-year basis. We have a strong balance sheet, and this quarter, we paid over $50 million in cash dividends. We also funded the acquisition of Mott through the combination of approximately $212 million of cash, $279 million of borrowings from our revolving credit facility and $495 million net proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. We maintain a strong investment-grade rating with a 2.4 gross leverage ratio at the close of September. Moving on to Slide 7, which details the adjusted EBITDA drivers. For the third quarter, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $11 million. Our organic sales volume decline of approximately 3% unfavorably impacted adjusted EBITDA by $9 million, flowing through at prior year adjusted gross margin rate. The negative volume flow-through was partially offset by strong price/cost spread of 100 basis points and operational productivity, resulting in a $10 million benefit over the prior year. In the quarter, we saw unfavorable mix, primarily in our industrial businesses and our dispensing businesses. We had higher employee-related costs and higher transaction-related expenses in connection with the acquisition of Mott. All these factors combined resulted in an unfavorable organic flow-through. The impact of FX slightly increased adjusted EBITDA by $1 million and acquisitions net of divestitures added $2 million on a quarter-over-quarter basis as the benefits from our acquisitions more than offset the impact on adjusted EBITDA from divested companies. I will now review segment level performance. Turning to Slide 8 and FMT segment. In Q3, we experienced sequential and mid-single-digit plus organic year-over-year growth in orders across the majority of our businesses. This growth was muted by continued ag cycle headwinds and push out in chemical project activity, resulting in total flat organic orders growth for FMT. Net sales were up 2% organically. We had strong price capture across the segment and experienced high single-digit growth in our industrials and intelligent water businesses. Total segment growth was unfavorably impacted by demand softness in our ag OEM and energy businesses. Our industrial day rates remain steady from Q2 with no change in overall market conditions. The strength in year-over-year organic growth in our Industrial business, was partially due to prior year comps. Our Intelligent Water portfolio continues to see strength in the North American municipal market with strong governmental funding to support ongoing investments. Our energy business are seeing headwinds from weather related in North America, slowdown in propane truck builds and distributor destocking and decreased demand for propane in Europe. Our ag OEM business remains challenged by the market slowdown. Despite this downturn, our teams remain focused, tackling the market headwinds and leveraging 80-20 to redeploy resources. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 160 basis points due to higher employee-related costs, discretionary spending and unfavorable mix, partially offset by price cost. Moving on to slide 9 and our HST segment. Orders grew sequentially and experienced a year-over-year organic growth of 20%. Growth was partially driven by blanket orders in life science and performance pneumatics businesses. Year-over-year comps were also a factor as life sciences, analytical instrumentation and semiconductor markets bottomed the same period last year. Our innovation funnel in life sciences remains active while there is no change in our outlook. Net sales were down 5% organically. Although we have strong price capture, it did not entirely offset the volume declines, driven by continued challenges in the end markets we serve. Our life sciences and analytical instrumentation businesses demand was steady sequentially from Q2 to Q3. Defense, aerospace and satellite communication end markets remained strong. We saw double-digit growth in the quarter. Within semicon, what we are seeing is a push-out in the end market recovery to the second half of next year. Our HST industrial light businesses continue to experience project delays. As I commented earlier, the acquisition of Mott is reflected in HST's segment financials as of the close of the transaction on September 5th. The integration of Mott is moving at a brisk pace. Q3 adjusted EBITDA margin for HST declined 40 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to lower volume and higher employee related costs, partially offset by price cost, favorable operational productivity, cost of work the teams have done to align with the current environment and the net accretive impact of acquisitions and divestitures. Now turning to slide 10. I'd like to take a moment to recognize our FSDP team's performance, delivering record sales and adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. Orders in our Fire &Safety/Diversified Products segment were up 4% organically, driven by Fire & Safety low double-digit growth, partially offset by declines in dispensing and BAND-IT. Net sales were up 4% organically. We had strong price capture and higher volumes, mainly driven by Fire & Safety and BAND-IT. Our Fire & Safety businesses continue to see growth in North America fire OEMs, and we are ramping production to meet their needs. BAND-IT experienced growth driven by strong aerospace demand, offsetting declines in industrial and auto. Our dispensing business experienced declines as expected, driven by headwinds from the North American big box retailer refresh cycle. Growth from the India market had been an offset to this headwind through the first half of this year, due to timing of projects in the emerging markets blending in the first half of 2024. Q3 adjusted EBITDA margin declined 20 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to unfavorable mix with positive price/cost offsetting higher employee-related costs. With that, I would like to provide an update on our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year on Slide 11. For the fourth quarter, we project organic sales to increase 3% to 4% compared to the prior year. We anticipate an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 27% with GAAP EPS in the range of $1.64 to $1.69 and adjusted EPS in the range of $2.01 to $2.06. On a year-over-year basis, we expect mid- to high single-digit organic growth in FMT and FSDP. In HST, we expect flat sales growth. Our full year adjusted EPS outlook remains unchanged and we expect organic revenues to decline 1% to 2% with an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 27%. We project GAAP diluted EPS to range from $6.65 to $6.70 and adjusted EPS to range from $7.85 to $7.90 in line with our prior guidance. The full year revenue guidance implies high single-digit organic sales decline in HST and low single-digit growth in FMT and FSDP. With that, I'll turn it over to Eric for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Abhi. I'm on Slide 12. Look, it's easy to get caught up in the economic uncertainties that play out quarter-to-quarter. It's been a frustrating last couple of years as we've seen the last echoes of the pandemic play out against an uncertain geopolitical environment, an environment made more uncertain globally by the unprecedented number of 2024 national elections. We've managed well throughout this period. We've improved the long-term growth prospects of IDEX significantly through incredibly focused work within a proprietary M&A funnel. We have some outstanding people and technologies at our disposal to develop trusted solutions to our customers' most difficult problems. We're building relative and absolute scale across business units to support advantaged markets like water, which we discussed today, advanced semiconductor wafer fabrication, Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation and space and defense. We're rapidly digitizing traditionally analog applications throughout IDEX as we transform everything from customer acquisition and support to core product functionality. And we continue to grow through our jump-off points within Asia Pacific as these developing markets reach economic trigger points to adopt IDEX advanced technologies. We sometimes take our abilities to execute for granted. We shouldn't. 80/20 isn't a tool at IDEX. It's evolved into an intuitive headset. We can size up the critical view quicker than others and swing our best people to our biggest challenges and opportunities without the need for time-wasting decision loops. Finally, we're talking about collaboration across business boundaries to build scale more than we have in the past. And some have asked if this challenge is the notion of a decentralized IDEX. It doesn't. We've built our culture intentionally over the last 15 years to prepare us for this moment. Our teams collaborate and help each other naturally without stifling structure and bureaucracy to win for customers. We live our purpose every day through our commitment to our core values of trust, team, and excellence. Thanks again to our IDEX employees and partners around the world for all that you do to make IDEX a great company. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morn everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Morning Deane.
Abhi Khandelwal: Hey Deane.
Deane Dray: Can we start with the tone of business, the day rates? Eric, you already kind of given us the good news that the small project delays didn't escalate. So, that was good. And you gave us some color on BAND-IT. But just the progression of the quarter and your read on the day rates, that would be a great place to start. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. As I said kind of in the opening comments, I mean, they've been stable for a while without really a lot of inflection. So, you don't really see anything different through the summer months month-to-month as it played out in the quarter. A lot of it looks pretty similar to where we were in Q2. And of course, we've got the businesses that are closest to consumption. We track those all the time. They've been steady with a little bit of lift in in them, and we see that playing out the numbers that we posted in kind of our core industrial units here. And so I think good shape on those indicators that the kind of industrial system continues and it's -- we're still making things in plants all across the country, and we're maintaining it. That's kind of what a lot of that indicates. The project and the longer-term commitments, I think that's in about the same place, too. The uncertainty and the overhang of, obviously, the election coming up next week, where that's going to take us, those kind of things, I think it's still sort of out there in the way. We're always looking to see if any of those projects start to suddenly move into a category of either delayed -- or canceled instead of delayed or just not talked about any longer. We don't see that. I actually made a comment about the fact that quoting activity, in fact, is picking up a little bit. which I think is a good sign. And then I'm sure we'll get to it at a certain point, we've got a little bit of revenue ramp here in Q4 and almost all of that is project related with a couple of key things that are in the backlog now. Some of them are underway and near completion and I think are also good signs of confidence of the time that's out ahead of us.
Abhi Khandelwal: And Deane, just to build on Eric's narrative a little bit. So, if you just kind of think about Q3 and just maybe talking about SMT on the face, you see organic growth of 2%, if you will. But if you kind of take a step back and go a step deeper, within the FMT business, pumps and water grew high single-digit. You saw valves group grow high single-digit on an organic basis, which was offset by ag and energy. So, even within HST, the core industrial franchise was up high single-digit.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful and I appreciate all that color. And just as a follow-up, I love the fact that you put the spotlight on your Intelligent Water portfolio. We met with the team, got to visit each one of these businesses at the WEFTEC Trade Show in New Orleans recently. So, if we had to point to one probably the fastest-growing sector in the water infrastructure is this whole Stormwater Management. So it's -- you guys -- it looks like you get some first-mover advantage there. Can you just talk about critical mass for the Intelligent Water group? Do you need to add more capabilities? What kind of is the funnel like? And just kind of where and how does this business grow from here?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. Well, thanks. We appreciate talking to you and others at that show. And you mentioned a key word. We -- in our commentary about kind of our businesses in that area, we pointed to becoming the collection experts. That's really the work we do here. And that has a lot of focus right there, obviously, through things like Stormwater and significant weather events. That's where you see that play out. And so I think we've got the assets positioned in the right place to really, really focus. And as you saw, they work together. They work together in a way where the hardware and analytics help to give you this predictive insight into not just what's going on in your system in front of you, but what's likely to occur in the future. And I think one of the reasons we're winning is, we think about our end customers, it's certainly operating professionals who are trying to run the system. We have significant customer bases that are specification engineers and project engineers within municipalities and industries. And what they're trying to do is, understand the analytics of the system, the way that kind of the water circuit works, if you will. And then they're trying to put that together to obtain capital project approval. And so at this particular phase of the cycle, the cycle has got more positive funding support with longer duration. Being able to understand your system, so that that you can position yourselves to get funding for your municipality or business is really, really important, and it kind of points right back to the core work that we do. That's sometimes underappreciated and really thinks of kind of day-to-day monitoring, but this very specific engineering kind of partnership that helps people understand their system better, actually allows them to go grab funding that is more available now than it has been. Sorry, you also asked about, yeah, other pieces and things and kind of where we are.
Deane Dray: Yeah.
Eric Ashleman: I mean, there's -- Subterra is a good example. That's sort of probably an under-the-radar, underappreciated technology that we very much appreciated. We've been working with that company before. And it really helps kind of complete capabilities for us. There are other things we would like to do here within kind of this ecosystem of collection. And so we continue to work in the funnel. We continue to look at things and we're very much -- it is in 80s for us in terms of an area that we would like to make larger, both organically and inorganically overtime.
Deane Dray: Great to hear. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks Deane.
Operator: Our next question is from Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning, Nathan.
Wendy Palacios: Good morning.
Nathan Jones: I'm going to follow-up on Deane's question there. Because at [indiscernible], you could say the Intelligent Water businesses altogether kind of united brands showing customers what the combined businesses capabilities were. I'm just thinking about how you run those businesses and potentially, how you run some of the businesses in HST to collaborate together. And Eric, that was one of your closing comments, is collaboration across the business units without losing the decentralized structure. How do you kind of manage that process with these businesses? Do you need some kind of integration with the commercial organization, cross training for sales? And how do you manage those businesses so that you drive the collaboration that you want to see without actually going and integrating the businesses?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. It's a great question. And that's a great spot to talk about it. I mean, think of it a little bit as it's kind of -- these areas where we put some scale together, they present themselves as kind of mini versions IDEX. And when you step back from IDEX, I mean, one of the ways that we work it the way that we do is nimbly and agilely as we do. It's a super flat organizational structure. So we have a leader of the water business. And between kind of that leader and leaders of individual pieces of water, I mean, there's not a lot of stacking. So think of this as wide and horizontal more than vertical. That's one of the keys here. And the quality of the people, the quality of the system and operating model allows you to take that span a little bit wider. And so you already got something working for you in terms of being close to the point of impact with all leaders. So that's a key ingredient, doesn't change, it's always been part of IDEX and is as we do this work. But it comes down to strategy. A lot of this -- this is why we work so intensively in terms of building strategy and strategic capabilities and doing it in focused 80s areas of IDEX, so that we would be prepared to understand these worlds and why things need to go together and where they don't. And so in every one of these points, we know the difference between an area where there is collaboration and people are working together because the customer cares about it versus other areas where life goes on in individual pieces and specialized segments, which is -- that's where I think a lot of customers -- or companies get caught. They over-rotate one way or the other. We're actually very comfortable delivering in a hybrid world, because we have ever since I've worked at IDEX. We're just becoming a bit more focused to putting some of the scale to work because the solution set demands it. The problems are harder, they're evolving. They're earlier stages of evolution, so you need more power in the system. So it really does lever everything we've ever thought about in terms of 80-20, everything we do culturally, which celebrates flat organizations and a lack of bureaucracy. And probably the secret sauce for all of it is talent and development that that we do internally to make sure leaders are built in a certain way that they can operate with all of that autonomy.
Nathan Jones: Thanks a lot. I guess, my follow-up question is going to be around the HST order number. 20% organic growth, I think Abhi said half of that was from blanket orders. Is the kind of right way to think about without the blanket orders, the order number would have been something like about 305, which is kind of an average where it's been settled in over the last few quarters since the bottom in 2023? So it's kind of no change sequentially, still waiting and seeing, not really getting any better and not getting any worse. Or are these blanket orders indicative of some kind of improvement in some of those markets?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah. So Nathan, let me try and answer your question. So if you think about it sequentially from 3Q -- or 2Q to 3Q and look at HST, HST was up about $20 million. I'd say about half of that was blanket order activity that we saw from Q2 to Q3 and the other half was just straight demand between different businesses. And then if you think about year-over-year, HST posted about a $51 million organic change in orders on a year-over-year basis. That's, again the same kind of amount for blanket and half of that was demand. So you do see -- go ahead, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I was going to say so you are seeing some -- at least some underlying improvement in the markets there?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes, we are. Life sciences continues to be stable if you look at sequential. But there are markets, like we've said again, semicon is not at a point where it's inflecting. But we are seeing improvement even in our semicon markets sequentially.
Eric Ashleman: And then reminder -- yeah, just to finish. I mean, we have half of this segment that kind of is in other high-tech areas that are not in the usual suspects of semiconductor and life science and analytical instrumentation. And those, I mean, they're performing a lot like the industrial businesses that we see elsewhere. So we've got some growth and list there. We've had that from before. I just think, look, at the end of the day, we feel good about the position we see here because we've obviously got a big comp number against the low point last year. But we've seen kind of nice progression away from that and we've just now posted the highest order number for the year and the segment built a little bit of backlog and you have a really good comparison.
Abhi Khandelwal: Correct.
Eric Ashleman: And some signs of optimism in just the conversations we're having with customers. Doesn't say when the next inflection comes, doesn't really talk about the magnitude of it. But having people leaning in the same direction here, that is one of the signs we wanted to see as we start to move away from just baseline stability.
Nathan Jones: Awesome. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Halloran with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey good morning everyone. So first question kind of ties into a couple of answers that you already had. But maybe talk about, how you're thinking about the sequentials in fourth quarter. I know, Eric, I think you briefly mentioned there was some incremental project activity coming in there. But maybe talk about -- it doesn't seem like there's a change in your day rate, choppy, kind of stable, but choppy month-to-month, week-to-week kind of expectations. And how should we think about that into next year from a backlog order cadencing, et cetera, perspective? In other words, relatively normal sequentials, is that how you're thinking about things in the fourth quarter? Or is that a fair assumption to start next year until we see a change in the backdrop? Kind of any thoughts on how you're thinking about how the next few quarters here play out.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes. So let me take the Q3 to Q4 sequential, and I'll let Eric jump in. So if you kind of think about Q3 to Q4 and think about the guide that was laid out, it's really -- there are a few different places where we have projects that are in the backlog that we've done a lot of work on that are supposed to ship in Q4. So first is around ABEL. They ship big pumps in, and that's in the backlog that the teams are working on executing and getting out the door. Second place you see it is in pharma, in our MPT business where there's backlog that's booked that we are working on. It's a pretty late stage that's going to get up in Q4. And then the last I'd tell you is tied to Mott. We have a big energy project that's scheduled to go out at the end of the quarter. That's part of Q4 guide. So if you think about the sequential guide from Q3 to Q4, a decent part of the ramp is tied to a few different projects that I just laid out, and that's how we think about the ramp from Q3 to Q4.
Eric Ashleman: And then, look, past that, I think it's going to depend on what we sort of see play out here in the fourth quarter. I do think this is a period where everybody like us is kind forced to come in and consider their next calendar year, if they're on that cycle, in terms of what bets they're going to make, how they're going to make them. They kind of need to talk to critical suppliers like us as they do it. That would be an interesting source that would inflect it other way. But I think a continuation of stability, that seems reasonable as we go forward. And then it's really a question of what layers and on top of it, what are -- the state of health of commitments and the ability to make them kind of where are we sitting at that point with backlog of other projects, including any that might be there for Mott. We'll layer those in, and then we'll have those up-to-the-minute conversations, see what happened here. Of course, in the election, whether or not that triggered anything. So there's the usual number of suspects that would come in there. But it's been kind of a period of now 2 quarters of kind of base level stability. It at least allows you to then kind of see the pieces that rise above it with pretty good clarity or at least the fact that you need to keep digging for it.
Mike Halloran: So then let's move beyond kind of that horizon and you get towards the point where there is a recovery in the market. How would you think about the growth algorithm now that you've done an iterative reshaping of the portfolio here? You've centralized some resources or added central resources to support the decentralized model, the revenue synergy piece. Could you maybe help on the growth algorithm and then break it down by what the drivers or components of that growth look like from market to synergies, to outperformance or however else you want to categorize it?
A – Eric Ashleman: Look, we now have a portfolio that is increasingly starting to weight itself to more faster-growing markets, all the ones that we've acquired into here in HST. And so that's becoming the biggest segment. It's going to carry more of the load as we go forward in periods like the ones you're describing, certainly somewhere off in the future. And so we would see kind of organic rates. We'd always want to outperform our core market entitlements, but we're moving that entitlement to the north. And so we'd like to start to dial IDEX into a kind of mid-single-digit grower plus as we start to navigate that. We'll continue deploy capital on the bottom line. I would say you put a point or two of inorganic growth on top of it, kind of take us to the higher single-digit range when you put the two together. That should allow a beautiful flow-through because these are high-margin businesses and high-margin differentiated markets. And we're still going to practice 80/20 in productivity. We're going to do a lot of it on the acquisitions that we acquired. And so you get nice double-digit earnings expansion through all of that. So slight uptick on the growth rate -- the core growth rates of IDEX because of what's happened in the portfolio, kind of maintenance of the additive dimension of inorganic, which we've demonstrated over the last three years, we've got a system and a method to do that. And then all of it lifting nicely because it's even more differentiated than before, and we continue to know how execute and practice 80/20 really, really well.
Mike Halloran: Very clear. Thanks, Eric.
A – Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Vlad Bystricky: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my call this morning.
A – Eric Ashleman: Good morning, Vlad.
Abhi Khandelwal: Hey, Vlad.
Vlad Bystricky: So I just wanted to dig in on FMT a bit. Just in terms of your commentary and outlook around energy there, which I think you moved from stable to market softness. So can you just talk a little bit more about the dynamics you're seeing in energy in particular and how you're thinking about whether how much election impact might be having an impact on those end markets? Or anything else that you're seeing as sort of an overhang in those?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, there's -- first, there's two things here. One, I'd always kind of step back a little bit and remind people of the job we do here. We do a lot of downstream work around custody transfer. So as energy moves around the system, that's kind of where we do a lot of our work. Frankly, a lot of that is driven by things like people building trucks and laying in some infrastructure within that transportation system. We've got some overhang there from a really, really warm winter, that's probably spread over that sector throughout. We got a little bit of an artificial bump here to the downside because this was one of the businesses, you might remember, we had a consolidation -- a large-scale consolidation here a couple of years ago. This is one that if you go back in time about a year ago, we were still processing quite bit of backlog in that business. It was one of the last that we had that were kind of eating backlog that it accumulated. And so we got a bit of a comparison issue, because we're now at very standard IDEX levels of lead time and replenishment. So, there's always going to be a little bit of a calibration issue, particularly on a year-over-year basis. So I'd actually take this energy story and say, it's probably half of it that's us, half of it that is a little bit of the pressure there that you'd see in the market. And then just on the question of go forward, obviously, it's sort of an indirect relationship, but health of the energy sector overall will tend to promote CapEx deployment and all the things that eventually find their way downstream to the places where we do business. So we would prefer to have it rather than not. But to be honest, a really, really cold winter will also help, and that has very little to do with politics.
Vlad Bystricky: Okay. That's helpful, Eric. Appreciate it. And then maybe just sticking with FMT. Just in terms of the stability you've seen in sort of the day rate orders, any color or commentary you can give on what you're seeing by geography and whether you're seeing any meaningful differences in domestic versus international trends?
Eric Ashleman: Probably, as you suspect, I mean, North America leading the way. That's been the case now for a while, not just by a little but by a lot. I think reasonable stability in Europe. Not a lot of inflection, it moves around a little bit. It's not the bigger piece for us in this particular part of the business. I mean, we're more North American-centric anyways. And then I would say -- and when you go on the other side of the globe, that is a different story. I mean, almost anything we're doing in India right now is really, really good. I would say, China is -- while that story overall, of course, has some sobering characteristics, we've always been super surgical there. And so, it's probably trailing the pack because of where it is and what it's a part of. But we're more than holding our own, because we just -- we choose to make certain bets in certain places that are honestly they're very small, representative of the entirety of that economy. So if you're going to put them in order, probably I would say India first, but it's a smallest piece of IDEX; North America, strong, and that's driving a lot of it; Europe is stable and lagging a little bit behind. I'd probably put China at the back, but still positive for us.
Vlad Bystricky: Okay. Appreciate that. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Sprague: Hey. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Eric, hi. I want to come back just to the HST orders again and sort of blanket orders starting to come in. Eric, is there anything there in sort of the number of customers, the size of the orders that actually helps kind of firm up a view into 2025? Obviously, there's got to be some normalization going on here. So just your context, right, is maybe apparently the channel inventory liquidations have run their course and maybe we're getting to some sort of normalization here.
Eric Ashleman: I think even though, of course, it's a strong and sharp comparison year-over-year, when you actually dig into kind of each one of the entries, I think they're more generalized in terms of how you would interpolate them all. And you have to kind of add them all up and get some more general conclusions. But they're -- you put them all together, they are still positive. So -- and you cited one there. So the fact that these are laying in and laying in across the life science spectrum, it does tell you something about kind of a point of moving from stability towards something different. Again, the rate of advancement, the rate of inflection, still pretty vague and not really determined yet. I'd hold that up in that particular space. Just listen to comments that our teams are having with customers are the ones that are out there in the public, you hear optimism a little bit more. You hear some people talking about fleet aging and where we are in that side of the cycle, some things around consumables, which often lead the way for instruments at some point. And so there's like a little general pieces. But there is a preponderance of them on the right side the page as opposed to the last as we're kind of thinking of the space. And then if we just track over the history and sort of appreciate it quarter-to-quarter over the last year as it's walked this way, you can kind of see it building. I mean, it's a slow build and it doesn't really say what the slope is going to be at this point yet. But it's important. The inventory dynamic that you talked about, that's out there, too for HST. And reminder again, some of these are not life sciences or semi spaces. There are other ones. But those are areas of OEM-centric businesses and little higher customer concentration, and there have been some areas where those customers have had some inventory that we've been working around. And so the extent there's order patterns like this, it does suggest there too that you're further and further away from that. And then the fact that all of the reporting areas that we have, have got some level of organic health in the order side and it's uniform across the segment. Those are the kind of things again that just -- again, they're sort of rough and generalized, but they're important they're additively on the positive side of the ledger versus not.
Jeff Sprague: Understood. And then maybe just coming back to China. I think your prior comments on China just a moment ago were just on -- related to FMT, I apologize if they weren't. But can you just give us kind of the big picture view on China, how it performed in the quarter? And just any context on total IDEX price in the quarter also would be helpful? Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. On the first part, they're not far off, FMT versus full company because we have a lot of FMT presence there. Really that's kind of the lead segment with some things that we have in fire as well. And I would say it, put the two together, it's basically the same commentary. It's a tiny piece of a giant geography and it's kind of product line based. And so -- and we kind of move in and out depending on which way the wind is blowing. And so when we think we've got technical advantage, we go a little heavier with something that holds up better. And we generally, all of it stays in at least a positive category in an otherwise maybe not quite as positive story, again, which is still a small piece for the company, Abhi?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes. And then on the pricing question that you had, we saw about 2.3% price in the quarter and 100 basis point spread that we talked about as part of the guidance in Q2. So that's where we landed for the quarter.
Eric Ashleman: And that's been holding steady, both on the side of equation, yes.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you for that. Have a good day. Appreciate it.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: I wanted to ask on HST. You're talking about there's still a pickup in semis. Maybe a few questions there. Just what are the customers saying, is giving you insight into that comment, why we wouldn't see that pick up sooner than midyear next year? And then have you guys discussed the margin differential across those four subsegments within HST? And how would that impact the recovery for margins going from here?
Eric Ashleman: All right. Well, I'll take the first part and let Abhi chime in on the second. I mean I think from a semi perspective again, we do pretty narrow focused work there. We're involved in wafer manufacturing and fabrication and metrology, principally on really, really advanced solutions. That's where almost all of the IDEX pieces that do business do it. And I think really, it's a question of factory utilization. I mean, overall, it's until that hits certain levels and there's a catalyst identifiable that's either taken it there or looks like it's going to take it there in the near term, it just doesn't drive kind of big ticket items at a level yet that takes it up to another level. So there's been a series of pretty public announcements in that regard. I think a lot of people pointing to probably the lack of any singular big catalyst beyond, obviously, the things that are happening in AI, but that really doesn't present itself at this point in massive volume. It's more specialized. And so I think whether it's -- that's some kind of consumer gear or a return to lots of PCs that are more advanced than ever, those are the kind of things I think you'd be looking for to take and push the upper limits of those utilization rates to a point where you want to then get in line for some still pretty long lead time gear. And so given that nobody orders this kind of stuff today for delivery tomorrow, it does allow you to probably see into the future a little bit and make a projection like that. So it doesn't mean again that that's necessarily bad market for us. It's just we're kind of all waiting for the next cycle there. And we really are because we've got just an incredible amount of assets that are now positioned for it.
Abhishek Khandelwal: Yeah. And so I'll take a stab of your margin question. So you kind of just think about where HST is. I mean, on a year-over-year basis, our HST margins were down 40 basis points on organic sales being down 5%, right? So I'd say it's a true testament to the work that our teams have done in rightsizing our businesses, frankly, because if you're down 5% organically and the teams didn't do the work they did to take out costs, you'd see a much higher decline on a year-over-year basis. So kudos to our team for rightsizing the size, coupled with driving productivity, coupled with the price/cost spread that we saw in the segment, right? So as you sit here today and look at a 26.5% EBITDA profile and then moving forward, what does that look like? So we announced the acquisition of Mott. We said it was low 20% EBITDA out of the gates. Then we laid out a very clear plan that demonstrates that we're going to generate 400 to 600 basis points of margin improvement in -- at Mott in the next 12 to 18 months. So when you put it all together, coupled with the organic growth coming back in the future, there's no reason for HST not to be a low 30% EBITDA business.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. Maybe sticking with margins, your price cost has been good. But I feel like every few years, you guys have to navigate some sort of supply chain calamity. And with the election coming up, tariffs are now back in the news. So can you remind us like where you are with your positioning if indeed tariffs come back into the picture and how you're getting ready for that?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, look, I think whether it's supply chain pressure that we experienced in the pandemic or it's an item like that, thinking about supply chain resilient, every company should be and we are we're doing that, too. I will remind people, I mean, as we saw this to our advantage in the pandemic, probably would be an advantage in this environment as well. We're much more localized in terms of ideating and orders placed within the same geography where we actually produce and sell. It doesn't mean there aren't cross-border shipments on the supply and input side. There are at certain levels and certain kind of base level commodities. But we do an awful lot of work within country. So as we think of tackling it, and we're, of course, running scenarios and talking about critical inputs like anybody else, we are appreciative that kind of we built the company around a model that tends to be more localized anyways.
Andrew Buscaglia: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning, all. I wanted to come back to the EBITDA bridge and specifically the resource investment/discretionary, that $12 million. Fairly big step-up sequentially versus Q1. I was hoping you could just unbundle those. Is the resource investment offset by lower discretionary? Or is this discretionary going up too? And then if you could maybe speak to some of those targeted investments and the paybacks.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes, let me take the bridge item first. So if you look at the bridge that we put out there on a year-over-year basis, you're seeing a $12 million headwind tied to the question you're asking. So I'd say, a-third of that is tied to higher M&A spend on a year-over-year basis given the fact that we just did our largest transaction with Mott. So that's about a-third of it. The other third is tied to stock comps and the timing of stock comp last year and the tailwind that we saw compared to this year. And then there is some discretionary spend in here tied to customer-facing T&E and the investments that we are making tied to growth initiatives on a year-over-year basis.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Appreciate that. And then maybe just shifting back to Mott. So it sounds like you're running ahead there. Good integration progress. Should we think about the 2026 accretion target or expectation getting pulled forward based on this fast start? And does that change your thinking at all?
Abhi Khandelwal: Well, look, we're early days. We're six weeks in the acquisition. We're working the plans, partnering with the local teams. Our teams and the Mott teams are partnering together and laying out a plan over the next 12 months. So it's early days so it's hard to pinpoint to what 2025 versus 2026 is going to do.
Eric Ashleman: I think part of what we want to convey here is that you always -- you're going to get a certain business and meet it, and then you pass the line, you close it. And of course, the reality is there. This reality is every bit as good as what we thought coming in.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah.
Eric Ashleman: And the fact that we were able to integrate some teams as fast as we are, it's an 80s acquisition for us that we're all playing in. And we see as many possibilities do. It's just a real testament. That's the early read, the early excitement, there's still an awful lot of work to do. The world's got to play out. But at least want to make sure we got that out in front of you that at this point, couldn't be happier with what we acquired.
Brett Linzey: Appreciate the details. Best of luck.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Giordano: Hey, good morning, guys. I wanted to touch on the other -- some of the other more recent M&A. So for EA, you guys lowered your expectations last quarter. Just curious, how that's tracking. And then also curious on Muon just given the semi push-outs you've talked about and one of your large customers gave some disappointing orders. So just curious what the latest is on those two businesses?
Abhi Khandelwal: I'm sorry. Can you talk about what EA means? I'm not sure I followed you. Apologies.
Joe Giordano: Sorry, sorry. Just focus on Muon. That was my mistake there. Just Muon, given like the weakness in orders at one of your large customers?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean, look, that's a piece of that business. It's not -- by no means is it all of it or even the majority of it. So -- and even there, I mean, we're -- look, that business is doing -- a portion of it is doing some pretty advanced work that's actually well ahead of machines that are being delivered today. So there's not a one-for-one kind of corollary. So there's a few things there that help out on that side of it. And ultimately, at the end, long cycle, super well positioned. It's got some presence in med tech markets that are doing well because it's exiting some inventory positions. It's got another one that's actually in a very different adjacency as well. So it's not an entirely semi-driven business that is a decent component of it, but it's well positioned and at times a little different than you might suspect in terms of the production cycle. And the other two components, I think, pretty good and holding up. And it is a piece that we're now considering with other Applied Material Science Business technology businesses we have in terms of how all of it works together, including Mott. So we'll be doing some of that work and in some ways, kind of rescaling, recasting all of it together.
Joe Giordano: Interesting. Okay. And then just curious on the sequential growth in HST. You said half of it was -- roughly half of it was like actual demand. Just curious on the Life Science side. Are we talking more like bioprocessing? Or is it more lab? Just kind of which cohort of customers is really driving that?
Eric Ashleman: Well, for us, it kind of almost has to be in the Analytical Instrumentation kind of course, space just because of our presence. We're not as pronounced in the bio areas.
Joe Giordano: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Q – Rob Wertheimer: I know it's late in the call, but Eric, I was listening to your prepared remarks and the conversion of analog processes and tools to digital is something you touched on before. I don't know if your comments were slightly more broad this time. And I'm wondering if you had any further expansion on how you're evolving -- how you guys operate on the team. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Look, it's a team that years ago was kind of harder for us to imagine across all of the smaller pieces of IDEX. But as we started to assemble scale more purposefully, actually this is one of the areas that we're applying it. And so I'll give you a couple of examples that kind of rise to the next level. Doing a lot of work on the front end of a lot of these outstanding FMT franchises, which are more fragmented, more industrial in nature, but the nature of the interactions between ourselves and end customers is more digital than ever. And as a leader in those spaces, I mean, the market is looking for us to kind of lead the way of how this work is going to be done, how does knowledge transfer happen. If somebody calls in and the looking for information, how many people has to manually intervene there versus some automated things that we can do? So we've got -- we've had for a while now, but we're starting to scale it more with some very focused initiatives to make sure that we are leading the way there like you would think a market leader would do. And you see a lot of that playing out at FMT. On the solutions side, this is not a ubiquitous solution, but you see it playing out in fire. We've talked about the automation there. It's a decent part of the growth and the strong numbers that they've put up. That's a slower to change industry, but it's starting to take and get some real traction there. And that's all about digital functionality and automation, helping solve this problem at crew size. We talked about our water businesses. At the core, all that hardware ultimately presents information that is shown digitally and is now more seamless and more integrated than it was before. So it's just -- I wanted to make sure that people appreciate that part of becoming a larger company and a little bit more thematic organization, you start to get benefits in this way. And we're participating in our own IDEX-like way.
Q – Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to hand the floor back over to Eric Ashleman for any closing comments.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks so much. Thanks for everybody for joining today. I really appreciate the questions and the interest. And look, I think the bottom line here, still a choppy and uncertain world, no doubt. But we're in a good spot at IDEX. We're not out of the woods yet at HST, but it's really great to see the strong year-over-year orders comp, a modest backlog build, and the sequential orders uptick to the high point. We'll have to wait a bit, see how that recovery plays out from here. But look, I think we've strengthened our portfolio a lot as we prepare ourselves for a cycle of sunnier days ahead, no doubt, through the acquisitions. And Mott here at the end is a really good indicator of that. Our two other segments are doing really, really well with some nice pockets of growth. And execution, as always, at IDEX is strong across the board. We think the second half of the decade, which, by the way, is only two months away from starting, it's going to be a tremendous period of value creation overall for IDEX. And I really look forward to talking with you about it in the quarters to come. Thanks. Have a great day.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thank you.
Wendy Palacios: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Q2 2024 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Wendy Palacios, Vice President, Investor Relations, FP&A. Wendy, please go ahead.
Wendy Palacios: Good morning, everyone. This is Wendy Palacios, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX second quarter 2024 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months ending June 30th, 2024. The press release, along with the presentation to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed at our investor website at investor.idexcorp.com. Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Abhi Khandelwal, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. Turning to Slide 2. Please note that during today's call, we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures. We will also make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including statements regarding events or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we make today, and we do not assume any obligation to update that. Information regarding these factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available on our website and our SEC filings. With that, I'll now turn this call over to CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Wendy and good morning everyone. I'm on Slide 3. IDEX delivered against expectations in Q2 despite increasing macro uncertainty, with both adjusted EBITDA margin and adjusted EPS coming in slightly above our previous guidance. I'd like to thank the IDEX teams around the world for their strong execution on behalf of our customers and shareholders. As mentioned on our first quarter call, we saw a noticeable uptick in industrial day rates in our closest to consumption FMT businesses in December. This continued through the end of February, but pulled back a bit in March as a surprisingly firm inflation report reduced the likelihood of near-term interest rate relief. These daily order rates are largely stable now and in line with our original 2024 assumptions. However, as the U.S. election cycle has come into full daily view, creating even more uncertainty given the perceived disparity of outcomes, we've seen a pullback in project commitments. There's no talk of project cancellation, just a quarter or two push to the right. We'll continue to watch these businesses as open economic and political questions are resolved for any early signs of inflection. Within the HST segment, we don't yet have enough growth catalysts to overcome the pressures facing our life science and analytical instrumentation markets. Our HST industrial markets are performing as described earlier for FMT, with stable day rates and preferred -- deferred project activity. Despite some encouraging discussions from our semiconductor customers asking us to get ready to launch, to support the next cycle of growth, we just haven't seen yet turn into accelerating releases or increased order positions. We think we're close here as most major players are pointing to likely strong growth in 2025. Life sciences and analytical instrumentation performed in line with expectations, with a strong focus on innovations to support the next cycle of growth and excellent productivity to support margins as we await market recovery. As we said at the beginning of the year, we believe we are unlikely to see positive inflection for these markets, until 2025. FSDP had a strong quarter. Our dispensing teams are performing exceptionally well within emerging markets. Their share gains within India are nicely offsetting much of the pressure from their North American markets, as large retailers step back following a strong two-year replenishment cycle. Our Fire business continues to grow, as industry throughput improves. They're also growing share through higher adoption of mobile platform automation. Finally, BAND-IT was affected by softness in auto and industrial demand, but continues to deliver very strong above-average profitability. Finally, we were thrilled last week to announce the acquisition of Mott. We'll talk a bit more about the company in a moment, as we update our work within capital deployment. Turning to Slide 4. Although market headwinds persist, we are leveraging our strong technical and innovation capabilities as well as our close customer partnerships to position our business for growth across technology-enabled markets and applications. Our materials processing technology, MP350 Microlyser Processor, won the Biotech Innovation Award at Interfax, the leading global pharmaceutical and biotechnology conference. The MP350 is designed for production scale cell disruption, which is used in the manufacturing of many biotech products, such as antigens for vaccines and viral vectors supporting gene therapy. In the life sciences area, our new Melles Griot XPLAN CCG Lens Series, imaging system, released in February, is providing customer access to superior quality optics with off-the-shelf lead time. This aligns with our strategy to deliver leading innovation and operational scale to support our customers from prototype to production, positioning us well for growth. During the second quarter, our intelligent water inspection team at EPAC launched Verisighht Ultra. This inspection technology tackles challenging infrastructures with remote access and an intuitive digital interface, capturing and converting data into powerful insights in the inspection of wastewater management systems. This is one of the many examples of how we're helping municipalities deliver clean water to their communities. We also received customer approval at our Trebor business for the next generation of sustainable Ultra Pure Water Heater and pump applications used to support the semiconductor wafer fabrication process. The Quantum NXT heaters have saved semiconductor manufacturers over 0.5 billion liters of ultra-pure water this year alone. We anticipate this will provide long-term growth as the semiconductor market reaccelerates. And in our Fire & Safety group, our teams unveiled the WildCAT solution for brush trucks used to fight wildland fires. Through a touchscreen application in the cab, firefighters can take control of essential water path functions, while stationary or on the move, in a much safer environment. With wildfire season clearly upon us in North America, this is a critical solution that can really make a difference. Now, turning to our disciplined capital deployment initiative on Slide 5, we continue to lever our strong balance sheet to tune our portfolio for profitable growth through strategic acquisitions. Last week, we announced the acquisition of Mott Corporation, a leader in the design and manufacturing of centered porous material structures and flow control solutions with deep material science knowledge and process control capabilities. Mott develops highly engineered configurable mission-critical solutions for scalable high-quality applications. Their business is complementary to our broader Applied Materials Science Technology businesses within HST, including Nuon, STC and Optical Technologies. And perhaps most impressively, they deliver for customers with an outstanding culture that fits really well with ours. We believe the addition of Mott, will deliver value for IDEX, via strong organic growth, EBITDA margin expansion to above HST average and near-term EPS accretion. In addition to Mott, we acquired a small company, Subterra, on July 25. Subterra's technologies help digitize underground infrastructure. It will become part of the intelligent water platform within our FMT segment, adding an important piece to our analytics solution across wastewater collection systems. Finally, as we optimize our portfolio, we continually reconsider the long-term growth prospects for all of our businesses. Occasionally and typically with smaller companies that like a path to scale, we decide to sell to an owner that can better maximize potential. During the second quarter, we divested Alfa Valvole for $45.5 million in cash. They operated within our FMT segment. With that, I'll turn it over to Abhi to discuss our financial results.
Abhi Khandelwal : Thanks, Eric. Turning to the consolidated financial results on Slide 6. Please note that all comparisons are against the prior year period, unless otherwise stated. Orders of $773 million were up 1% on a reported basis and up 2% organically. We saw mid single-digit organic growth in FSDP and HST, which were partially offset by a mid single-digit decline in FMT, driven by projects being pushed to the right. Second quarter sales of $807 million was down 5% reported and 4% organically. We experienced an 11% decline in HST, while FMT and FSDP were essentially flat as compared to the prior year period. Second quarter gross margin and adjusted gross margin were 45.4%, an expansion of 70 basis points, driven by strong price cost and favorable operational productivity, partially offset by unfavorable mix, higher employee-related costs and lower volume leverage. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.8%, down 60 basis points. However, as compared to Q1, adjusted EBITDA was up 180 basis points. The strong sequential expansion highlights our team's continued focus on deploying 80, 20 and to drive profitability, as we manage through challenging market dynamics. I will discuss the drivers of second quarter adjusted EBITDA on the next slide in a moment. On a GAAP basis, our Q2 effective tax rate was 21.2% versus 22.4% in the prior period. The decrease was primarily due to a discrete benefit from research and development incentive resolution related to prior years from an international taxing authority. Second quarter net income was $141 million, generating an EPS of $1.86. Adjusted net income was $156 million with adjusted EPS of $2.06, down $0.12. Free cash flow for the quarter was $118 million, a decrease of 2%. We achieved a conversion rate of 75% of adjusted net income, a 310 basis-point improvement on a year-over-year basis. We have a strong balance sheet, and this quarter, we repaid $25 million of the $50 million previously outstanding debt under our term facility, and we paid $52.2 million in cash dividends. The dividend was our 119th consecutive quarterly dividend payout. Moving on to Slide 7, which details the adjusted EBITDA drivers. For the second quarter, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $17 million. The 4% organic sales reduction unfavorably impacted adjusted EBITDA decreased by $17 million. The 4% organic sales reduction unfavorably impacted adjusted EBITDA by $23 million, flowing through at our prior year adjusted gross margin rate. The negative volume flow-through was partially offset by strong price cost spread of 100 basis points in the quarter and operational productivity, resulting in a $13 million benefit over the prior year. In the quarter, we saw unfavorable mix driven by dispensing and lower overall industrial activity. These factors resulted in a negative 48.7% organic flow-through. The impact of FX lowered adjusted EBITDA by $1 million, while acquisitions net of divestitures was flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis, as the benefits from our acquisitions were offset by adjusted EBITDA from divested companies. This resulted in a negative 42.4% flow-through for the second quarter. I will now review segment level performance. Turning to slide 8 and FMT segment. In Q2, orders decreased 4% organically, driven primarily by the cyclical decline in the ag market and push out industrial project activity, as Eric discussed in his opening remarks. Organic sales were flat as lower volumes, particularly in our industrial safety and pump businesses were offset by continued strong price capture. More specifically, we are seeing stable day rates across industrials. We're seeing project spending pushouts in the current macroeconomic climate. Our water businesses continue to benefit from strong municipal activity. While the ag markets are experiencing a cyclical downturn, our teams continue to make their own luck, and we are pleased with our team's performance against the current backdrop. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 140 basis points due to higher discretionary spending, lower volume leverage and higher employee-related costs, partially offset by strong price cost spread and favorable operational productivity. Moving on to slide 9 and our HST segment. Despite slower than expected recovery in the semiconductor industry and delayed industrial projects due to demand softness, organic orders were up 5% year-over-year. Organic sales were down 11%, primarily driven by our Life Sciences and Analytical instrumentation markets. While the market is experiencing a transitional period, we continue to work closely with our customers on innovation as we position ourselves for growth, while we wait for the markets to recover. While we are seeing early signs of encouragement in our semicon end markets, we have not yet seen the inflection in our orders. In line with our FMT industrial businesses, our HST industrial businesses are also experiencing project pushouts. Q2 adjusted EBITDA margin for HST improved 10 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the net accretive impact of acquisitions and divestitures. On an organic basis, adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 20 basis points, driven by lower volume leverage, unfavorable mix and higher employee-related costs, partially offset by operational productivity, strong price cost and lower discretionary spending. Sequentially, margins improved 150 basis points despite a sequential sales decline, which is a reflection of our strong focus on driving operational efficiency. Now turning to slide 10. Organic orders in our Fire & Safety/Diversified Products segment were up 6%. Organic net sales were up 1% compared to the prior year, driven by price capture across all markets and continued dispensing project wins in emerging markets. We are seeing positive trends within the Fire & Safety business as the OEMs continue to work their backlogs down. BAND-IT saw weakness tied to auto and weaker industrial project activity. Q2 adjusted EBITDA margin declined 40 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to higher employee-related costs and lower volume leverage, partially offset by strong price cost and operational productivity. With that, I would like to provide an update on our outlook for the third quarter and full year on slide 11. Note that our guidance does not contemplate the impact from future acquisitions. For the third quarter, we project organic sales to increase 0% to 1% compared to prior year. We anticipate an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 27%, with GAAP EPS in the range of $1.61 to $1.66, and adjusted EPS in the range of $1.85 to $1.90. On a year-over-year basis, we expect low single-digit organic sales decline in HST and FSDP and low single-digit growth in FMT. Given our current view on the timing of end market recoveries, we are revising our full year outlook. We now expect revenue to decline 1% to 2% compared to our prior outlook of growth of 0% to 2%. Given the revised organic assumptions, we expect full year adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 27% versus a prior outlook of approximately 28%. We project GAAP diluted EPS to range from $6.85 to $6.95 compared to our previous guidance of $7.13 to $7.43, and adjusted EPS to range from $7.80 to $7.90 versus our previous outlook of $8.15 to $8.45. To update to a full year revenue guidance implies mid-single-digit organic sales decline in SSD with low single-digit growth in FMT and FSDP. We will continue to closely monitor the end markets, while maintaining our focused effort on driving profitable growth. With that, I will turn it over to Eric for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Abhi. I'm on slide 12. Today, along the way, we touched on each of our key value drivers: organic growth, inorganic growth and margin expansion. We continue to apply our IDEX operating model, an 80/20 philosophy across all aspects of our business. It frames our culture and drives our growth and profitability. We are innovating and winning today with our best 80s customers in very attractive markets. We believe broader economic support will really amplify these efforts over time. We have stepped up inorganic efforts with a series of thematic proprietary acquisitions intended to drive above-average growth in advantaged markets. And we continue to strip complexity out of our businesses to support maximum financial leverage and impact. Thanks again to our IDEX employees and partners around the world for all that you do to drive trusted solutions that improve lives. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Mike Halloran from Baird. Your line is now live.
Mike Halloran: Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Mike.
Mike Halloran: So let's start by understanding the change in the guide here. If I hear the comments right, Eric, the underlying daily rates were relatively stable in the quarter. And demand commentary has, I don't know, maybe a touch of optimism to it, but there's been more project pushouts and timing-related things. So the core of the question is, what's really changed from an end market dynamic as we move through the second quarter into the back half? The magnitude of the drop of the organic trends in the back half versus where it was previously seems more severe than the comments you're making. So I just kind of want to bridge the gap between the two, if you would.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So look, I think you hit the first part of it dead on here. I kind of walked and I went back a little further, kind of walked it from December, all the way up to the present. And we've seen kind of this level of core rate stabilization since that initial pullback from the exuberance of Q1, right around that March time and it held through the quarter. And that's across the board in FMT and the industrial like portions of HST. I think the two components that are most different from us, relative to the last guidance, is we had anticipated some semicon launch in HST. There's a lot of signals set our way around ramps up in capacity. I mean, obviously, that sector had trouble with it last time. It just didn't materialize into orders. And in fact, we had some deferments in that area pretty late in the late innings of the second quarter, pushed into the back half that we've now got to keep an eye on. The second piece, we never talk about project business as a massive part of IDEX. But I got to say that what changed here sort of mid-May on, and we saw a lot of it in June, some of it continuing into July. I think it's pinging off the two uncertainty elements that I talked about here. It's this notion of inflation and rate relief and when it's going to come, which has been sort of out there since that March time frame. Just a lot of political uncertainty as kind of the second thing. So we've had these conversations with distributors, OEMs. We've asked them about their own businesses, how you're thinking about it, and you kind of consistently hear those two things. And then for us, it's manifested, as I said in the opening comments, not a cancellation or pullback in resourcing, but just approval loops that take longer to come together. So for us, that played out. We saw it in FMT in a few sectors. We saw it across some of the markets in HST. And we saw it in that, frankly, the growth initiative file that we also referenced here that we were counting on to lift a bit for us in the back half. And in fact, some of those projects, too, have that same narrative and overhang. So I think the optimism, through all of that, is that ultimately, those questions are going to be resolved. As they resolve, the fact that these are still resourced, we're still engaged, we're still talking about what comes next. I think that's where the comment -- the confidence comes from and the fact that it's sitting on a core foundation those day rates, what that tells you is that the system is still operating. It's still effective. People are maintaining things. Those two pieces together give you the long-term view that I think eventually, this sorts itself out.
Mike Halloran: So the follow then up on that then is, how do you think this recovery curve plays out? And if you listen to your comments on a lot of the price activity still there, more push out, more timing-oriented and some stability on the daily rates. Is this a scenario when these things start hitting, we could see a pretty rapid recovery pace? I'm not saying this year, not even asking for a timing component to it, or are you thinking something a little bit more iterative and modest as we think about moving into 2025? Because at the end of the day, it seems like you're saying, there's a lot of things underneath the service -- surface to be really positive about. And it's just a question of when they hit. And so just trying to understand the recovery timing from your perspective.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I'll kind of go through that in two dimensions, and I'm sure the second dimension, we'll talk about as well in terms of those kind of core sectors in HST that have been pressured for a while. But if I start where I just left off on the last discussion, the uncertainty attributable to those two dynamics kind of interest rate and where that's going to go, interest rate travel and geopolitical situation, good shot those are resolved to some degree here as we close out the year. And we've seen in other occasions when things like that have been resolved, and there's a lot of captive energy, things have started pretty aggressively. We'll have to see. We'll have to see. I mean rates have been high for a while now. Does it take a while to fire that engine back up again in terms of investment? Q4 and what we see in kind of the book-to-bill ratio there, I think given just the nature of where the election is and where some of these other decisions are going to play out, will be a key input for us to understand kind of rate of travel into 2025. But I would say that the things that are embedded in those projects, the solutions that people are addressing with our technology, things that are being elongated now, I mean, frankly, they're overdue. They need to happen. We've kind of talked about this for a while. And I think I'm pretty optimistic that those ultimately get deployed and get deployed in a way that's favorable for us as we go forward. I think the other side of it, that's where we're going to come back and take an eye at the life science and analytical instrumentation sector, which, as you know, has been kind of flat for us for a while now after an initial slide of recalibration in the first half of last year. I think there's a little optimism there as well in the conversations we're having that we're closer to the end of that cycle than the middle or the beginning. We're coming up -- by the end of the year, it will be about two years that we've been experiencing that as our customers. We start to now look at the life cycle of the technology that's out there and the opportunity for refresh. We're seeing indications of things like accelerating drug discovery and trials. There's a lot of innovation announcements that our customers are talking about, and we've got great content on the -- that lines up well with us. I think on the China piece of that, I think our expectations have been calibrated for a while. We'll see. I think everyone's looking for signs that stimulus becomes effective there. But I'd see that's a little bit more optimistic in tone and tenor as well. And then finally, on the semicon part, as I said in the remarks in the beginning, a lot of people referencing, hey, 2025 looks like it's going to be a pretty strong cycle. And so we'll be looking for when does the bridge -- when did this bridge link is from here to there.
Mike Halloran: Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Vlad Bystricky from Citigroup. Your line is now live.
Vlad Bystricky: Hey, good morning guys.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning Vlad.
Vlad Bystricky: So, maybe just a quick question on free cash flow. I know I think you did about 75% conversion in the quarter. You talked about 100% plus for the year. So can you just talk about what needs to happen to hit that higher conversion rate for the year and sort of your level of visibility or confidence in that?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes, Vlad, I can -- this is Abhi. I can take that. So, first of all, we think about the 75% for Q2 and compared to prior years, it's in line with what we typically see in Q2, just the way the timing of the cash flows play out. I'll answer the other question, which is the confidence level in a cash flow north of 100%, we feel highly confident. That's our forecast for the year. Things that we are focused on that we continue to drive is inventory reduction in line with where the top line is. As you think about the back half of the year and where our top line is, our teams are focused on driving inventory to the right levels that will drive working capital and we feel pretty comfortable with us hitting our free cash flow target.
Vlad Bystricky: Great, that's helpful. Appreciate it. And then I wanted to dig in a little on FSDP. The plus 6% organic orders in the quarter and it's pretty encouraging. I guess was there any bigger onetime orders in there to think about? Or sort of, again, your level of visibility to orders remaining positive in the back half if the macro holds as it is?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yes, I can give you color on that. So if you think about the order profile for Q2 and where we landed, that growth typically -- pretty much came from FSDP. And if I look at the segment and look at -- or look at the business and where they were, it was primarily driven by Fire or North America OEM demand. So that's where we saw the growth in Q2 from an order standpoint in FSDP. Now keep in mind, in FSDP, we also have dispensing. And so orders sometimes can get choppy because you might -- we've been talking a lot about the dispensing emerging market growth, and those come in bigger chunks of orders. So you could see something in Q1 that we ship throughout the year. But if you think about Q2 and the growth in Q2, it's tied to North America OEM demand that we saw in the quarter.
Vlad Bystricky: All right. Thanks, Abhi. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Nathan Jones from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning, Nathan.
Wendy Palacios: Good morning.
Nathan Jones: I think it's been a while since we've talked about fire OEM demand being positive. So that's good to hear. I wanted to follow up on the HST numbers. The guidance does imply that you're going to see a little bit of revenue improvement in the back half relative to the first half. Is that just the absence of inventory destocking that you saw through second half of 2023 and into 2024? And just how you think that's going to progress as we get into the back half?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, some of the cases where we talked about, the larger chunks that have been deferred and deferred here more recently. I mean those are lining up closer to the back half of the year. We, again, know what those programs are. We know what the platforms are. And ultimately, they do support the bridge to some of the growth that OEMs are talking about, specifically in the semicon area. We have a couple of other HST programs that we've been monitoring for a while. I mean they're very, very milestone-based, and I'm pretty confident that those are going to hit as well. So I think it's largely attributable to those two things.
Nathan Jones: I guess, continuing to follow up on the project pushed out kind of question here. Historically, when industrial companies have started to talk about projects being pushed out, but not canceled, that can be a precursor to projects getting pushed out for an extended period of time. It doesn't sound like you're that concerned that we're in that kind of environment today where you can just say things that got pushed from the second quarter into the second half, get pushed into 2025, et cetera, et cetera. Just comment on your confidence that we're not in that kind of environment where by the time we get to the fourth quarter, we're going to be talking about industrial orders that you thought were going to hit in the second half of 2024 and now being pushed to 2025?
Eric Ashleman: So I certainly get the spirit of the question. I'd come back to the magnitude of the reference points here and what they are. So one of the benefits we have in those early indicator businesses that we always talk about in FMT is they're a great gauge of sensitivity to different narratives. And even in the last call, one of the reasons I remarked about the dynamic that we've seen in the pullback in core rates in March and its alignment should, frankly, the hotter inflation read and the uncertainty of where rate relief was going to come in. Is it just, in my mind, showed us the sensitivity level around that particular dynamic in that part of the narrative. And that's maintained throughout. The second one being, frankly, the election cycle here in the US. Almost everything we're talking about is North American based, a North America-centric, even in terms of the numbers, the way it's playing out. So if you look at those two issues, which are ubiquitously showing up in the conversation of why things are being delayed or elongated or pushed to the right, we actually know that those two are going to have resolution points, but the certainty is pretty high, at least on the first. And on the second, of course, we know what comes in November. And we -- I've seen these cycles a couple of times before where that -- it's not unusual for things to be somewhat captive when these dynamics are playing out. I think the -- obviously, the post-inflation wave, that's a new one. But I think we're closer to resolution on it than the beginning and just that sensitivity and the way that these are lining up, I think it gives me some confidence that as we watch those go, you're going to see some things be relieved here.
Nathan Jones: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you, good morning. I you all hope one of your industrial peer conference call.The next question today is coming from Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I don't know if you all were listening to one of your industrial peer conference call. I'm just kidding, but Dave were saying the exact same things about extended approval loops and some nervousness about election and some project push-outs. So the commentary is familiar and so you guys are not an outlier. So I just wanted to share that. The question first is it's kind of like what we're not hearing about analytical instruments, life science destocking, you said it's in line with expectations. Is the destocking over? I know you got to be really careful about declaring that, but just what's your sense today.
Eric Ashleman: Well, look, once -- I mean the way I look at a lot of these issues is you just kind of listening for Qs in conversations. And that's one of the reasons, as I talked about it earlier, I mentioned positive aspects, like innovation, like drug trials, accelerating, like duration of the cycle and need for refreshes. Honestly, at the customer level, that's the kind of things we're hearing about. It's not to suggest there aren't pockets of finished good inventory out there on a global basis. Again, it's super hard for us to see that. But what you don't hear is kind of a domination of 9the headlines with that aspect that we did earlier in the cycle. So I still think it's uncertain in our own numbers and guide here. I mean we haven't called victory on it, and we've kind of held the line here for the rest of the year. But I am noticing that there is more positive commentary generally. And to be candid, I think we're just about ready to lap the duration of the run up here as well. So I think it's a lot of those things converging. I'm probably most excited of any element in it, just the level of innovation that I know we've been we've been participating in and I've been talking about, I think you're starting to see that now start to hit the market in a bigger way for our end customers. That in itself is a vote of confidence, if not in the exact short term, certainly in the medium and the long term.
Abhi Khandelwal: And Deane, this is Abhi. Just to build on what I just said, if I look at the performance this year and just look at the first half, quarter-over-quarter, 1 to 2, the performance has been relatively flat. So to Eric's point, we weren't expecting a recovery in life sciences this year. But if I look at the performance, it has been flat.
Deane Dray: Yeah, that's exactly the way it appears to us, but just want to see if there was anything else below the radar screen. And then second question is given the kind of uncertain backdrop, how about you all making any changes in your discretionary spending? Any pullback in growth investments? You reaffirm your CapEx for the year, but any changes there that you would highlight or not changes that you would highlight?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I would say steady as she goes there. I mean, as we said before, growth investments, typically for us are people based. They're domain experts. They're the people that are really, really good engineering things and figuring things out with close proximity to customers. The innovation cycle takes longer than a lot of people will recognize in mission-critical spaces like this. So making sure that people are engaged and doing the right work. That's always part of what we do. And maybe even more important now than in a relatively choppy period, you're staying on that case because you ultimately could feel that gap later on in our own growth numbers. I will say, I referenced maybe more specifically, the work we're going to do with 80/20 as we talk about Mott coming on the board. And one of the things that that's going to help them do, and it helps us across IDEX is that's actually a source of resource deployment and reallocation of resources that we have here from areas that are not as impactful to areas that are more impactful. So as we play that out business to business and play it out in acquisitions, it's a way to kind of augment the power of resources in areas where we want to apply them without actually upping the spend profile overall. And we indicated that when we referenced it in the transaction as an area of margin lift for the company as they grow, but it's just representative of how we deploy it more generally and more broadly at IDEX.
Abhi Khandelwal: And Deane, this is will be -- I know you're going to see it in the commentary in the press release and even in the 10-Q, but if you look at FSDP and HST, discretionary spend is down. And where you will see an increase is FMT. But quite frankly, that's tied to our digitization effort. That's front end, and that's one of the growth best that we are focused on. So overall, I'd say you'd see a discretionary reduction across the two businesses, with the exception of -- our two segments with the exception of FMT.
Deane Dray: Really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Your line is now live.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just a couple of quick ones. First, can you quantify the level of price capture you saw in Q2? And remind us, is that consistent with what you saw in Q1? And then similarly, if you can also compare your organic book-to-bill in Q2 versus Q1? And then I have a follow-up.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah, Matt, absolutely. So if I think about the price capture, it's in line with the guidance that we laid out for the year. So price capture for the quarter was closer to 2%. But the bigger thing that we talked about that we were focused on is the price/cost spread. And our price cost spread for the quarter was 100 bps. And if you recall, what we have said, going into the year, we were targeting between 80 to 100 bps. So we're on the high end of the price/cost capture for the quarter. From a book-to-bill standpoint for the quarter, we landed at 0.96 versus 1Q of 1.02. Now that said, part of this is the timing of when the blankets booked in the quarter. In Q1, we had a few blankets that got booked that we shipped throughout the year. Q2 had lesser of those. So the best way to think about our book-to-bill is as we go towards the tail end of the year, like Eric alluded to, one of the things that we are focused on is our book-to-bill ratio because that's where we see a lot of blankets come through that feed the revenue for 2025.
Matt Summerville : Got it. And then just a follow-up on the analytical instrumentation life sciences. I just want to be clear. At this point, is it -- are you thinking the inventory drawdown is indeed completely in the rearview mirror? And to that extent, are you seeing OEMs generally carry less inventory than they were pre-COVID? Or is the absolute stocking level reverting back towards something more in line with the pre-COVID level? Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, so again, there's kind of two pockets of inventory. One, we have a lot more visibility to than another. So the inventory, let's say, between us and customers. So those would be components and things that we supply them. I mean the planning levels that they have today are pretty typical for what they've been, in the past in terms of replenishment rates and how far away we are and how much lead time we're being asked to deliver. So that's been, honestly, back in sync now for a while. The inventory of finished goods, which, of course, passed our customers and extend globally, less clear for us, but to the extent we have not seen further erosion in demand here, and we've been holding relatively flat and continue to project it that way. I don't think it's -- we don't see it as a significant driver going forward and in fact, are leaning on those points of optimism looking for the turn, which we hope to be somewhere into 2025.
Matt Summerville: Thank you, Eric.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Joe Giordano from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Joe Giordano: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Eric Ashleman: Hi.
Abhi Khandelwal: Hey, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Hey. So just inherent in the revenue guide for the second half of the year, what are you thinking for orders for FMT and HST like in dollars versus the 2Q level? Do they get better or worse from here?
Abhi Khandelwal: If I look at our guide and you kind of think about the back half that we have guided, yes, the orders do get better in terms of dollars sequentially from first half to second half.
Joe Giordano: Okay. And then, if I look -- and I think this is -- it's tough to analyze with companies now in the post-COVID, given how supply chain gets crazy. But if I look at all of your -- each of your segments independently, on like a trailing couple of years, like if I look at since COVID, orders -- the excess orders over revenue, it's pretty significant still. So like I would think that there's more backlog coverage than like the guidance suggests, given like from a trailing three-year or whatever, there's significantly more orders than revenue. So like, are you seeing customers not taking delivery as you think for orders that are in backlog? Or are you seeing cancellations there?
Eric Ashleman: I want to make sure we're seeing it the same way. I mean, typically, backlog, we're a smaller backlog company. We normal course of business for us is kind of half a quarter is assured, and we go find the rest. That's a general statement for IDEX that absolutely in the pandemic year has changed. Like, it did for everybody else. I mean I think we doubled it kind of at the height here and had a quarter's worth of insurance, maybe a little bit more as people over ordered and did everything they could for supply chain assurance. Maybe sooner than many companies, we actually reverted back to a very typical backlog profile, and we've been there for a while now. So kind of half a quarter in front of us got to go hunt for the rest. So the dynamics in backlog for us are not that different. The lead times and replenishment that we're being asked to provide in all three segments is pretty typical. I think the only thing that's atypical here for us has been the level of project commitments and those discussions around when the next thing might be coming. And I'll just point back to the indicators that we talked about as to what's driving it.
Joe Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Andrew Buscaglia from BNP Paribas. Your line is now live.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Eric Ashleman: Hi.
Wendy Palacios: Hi.
Andrew Buscaglia: I wanted to focus on margins. I think you said in the past, exiting the year, you could see a little bit of a lift. It seems like guidance might imply that too. But in terms of getting back to that 30% -- that level, how much of it is more dependent on volume coming back versus mix? Because I'm trying to gauge some of these higher growth areas coming back. I guess what are the dynamics as that pans out – margin?
Abhi Khandelwal: Andrew, I think you cut off for a second or two there, so I might have missed the piece. But let me try to answer that question. If I don't completely get to your answer, then just ask me, and I'll do it. But if you just take a step back and kind of think about where we are, your general comment about depending on volume, volume is a big part of it because, of course, when we see top line growth, we lever really nicely on our businesses. So that is a big component of how margin expansion happens. But that said, though, given where we are you will notice, sequentially, our margin profile got better by 180 basis points, right, despite very minimal help from volume. And that's really tied to the work that we do around 80-20 complexity reduction and cost out in the light of where we've been. So as you think about the balance of the year and how we're thinking about the year, exiting Q4, so I want to be very careful. I'm talking about rates exiting Q4, not full year rates. We're thinking about HST closer to that 28% kind of profile on EBITDA, FMT closer to 34%, and then FSDP in the 28% to 29% range from an EBITDA standpoint.
Andrew Buscaglia: Very helpful. And yes, I wanted to focus on in Fluid & Metering. The reasonable water strength has been a nice story for a while for you and others. Where are you guys to be thinking that inning? Or what inning do you think you guys are in? And how much of your business is influenced by government spending or government funding?
Eric Ashleman: Well, so look, I think the cycle plays out for a while, mainly because the intentionality of that funding that's kind of spread over much of the industry. It just takes a long time to spend. These are complex engineering projects for multiple players, not just us. A good portion of things that have been announced is not actually spent yet or engineered. So I always thought of this as kind of a multiyear safety blanket or a warm comfortable blanket, either one. We're positioned actually in -- we do an important work to help spend that money. So I think it's one of the reasons we're seeing that the strength in our business. We do analytical work that actually helps write the capital request. So essentially, many of our customers are actually engineers, civilian engineers that are then using that data to suggest projects that are going to tap into funding of the type that you're talking about here. So there's a portion of it that is intentional and it's coming from announced government programs. A decent amount of municipalities, of course, is government-funded, but that's ultimately through taxation. And we have -- look, we participate in the industrial water side of this, too, and that, of course, is in tie to private markets. But I think there's a nice run here overall, if for no other reason that it just takes a while to frankly, bring all this to fruition.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your line is now live.
Q – Rob Wertheimer: Thank you. Good morning. I apologize if this -- I cut out for a while in the audio. So if I missed something or be labor point you've covered, you can just cut me off. But on the project delay side, is that tied to specific government policies that might open up one way or the other? Or is it just more of a general unease or uncertainty that has affected how people are willing to spend?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So we did touch on that before a bit, but I think it's worth a second go around. I mean it's very specific around two very general themes, one around sort of the cost of money and the fact that it's been higher for longer, and there's uncertainty as to the rate of travel to something better. That's all about inflation and interest rate and that dynamic, which everybody is watching. And I think the second one is around political uncertainty and uncertainty of outcomes given the polarization here in North America for approaches. In our conversations, it doesn't really then travel below that to something more specific because frankly, our business is -- it's more diverse. It's spread across different places where at the component level. So we're not as heavily indexed to a program or another program. It's kind of like the answer I gave on the water side of it. The fact that there's intentionality there and it's going to take multiple years to spend it is kind of good enough for us to then participate in the way we do in municipalities and industries across the globe to participate in that. So it's very generalized as we're thinking of it here.
Q – Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. Thank you. And then could you remind us the rate-sensitive businesses within FMT that you're kind of using as guidelines. What's the nature of the activity there in the business? Could you just give us a little bit more background around that, and I will stop there. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. It's a series of businesses in the FMT, where a lot of them are kind of pumps and bulbs and fluids. So they're used for a broad array of purposes. They go to market in -- typically in through industrial distribution. And because of the kind of customized nature of the way that we do things in our rapid fulfillment, we can get an order on a Monday, ship it on a Wednesday and it's in service on a Friday. I say all that because what they -- because of the nature of that, they provide really good insight into kind of action consumptive activities across the board. And it's -- frankly, it's more than 50% of the order flow in those businesses. So we use them as diagnostics to tell us kind of what's the state of health there. And as we've talked about them here, what we've said is there's 2 dimensions that we see at work the core day-to-day rates, which is this short-term fulfillment, think of it as somebody maintaining their factory as they run two shifts, that's steady. It has been steady, and it's really back to the assumptions we had in the fall. It was only interrupted briefly to the positive for a three-month period, as I think there was more anticipation that we're going to have more favorable rate relief. And it sort of came back down and it's been steady state. There's a tie-in there with project work. And project work in our world, I don't think of them as stadiums or massive things like that. It could be a simple back-end expansion onto a food plant or something like that. It kind of moves you from a pump or two to something like 40 or 50 for us, but that's tied to an approval process and a discrete decision that's important. And that's kind of the piece we've said has been hung up in the works here with those two more generalized themes that I talked about. So that's what the insight is telling us. We're very happy to see that the day rates are supportive of just strong and relatively stable industrial activity. And we look forward to the day the uncertainty leaves the project-driven side of it, which is going to complement it overall.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Eric Ashleman: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Eric Ashleman: Well, thank you. Listen, I recognized we struggle a bit here to find our organic guidance footing over the last six quarters. I realized a lot of that chop is coming out of the HST segment. And I'm fully aware that we're disproportionately investing in HST organically and inorganically is a key element of our strategy. What I want to make sure you understand is this is the right call for our business. Even in a period of uncertain transition for some of these foundational markets, we've talked about a lot here today. Third of this segment lies across two verticals within life science and analytical instrumentation and advanced semi-con manufacturing. They're pressured today, but no doubt they're going to have wins at their backs for years to come. We just built another third of the segment that allows us to lever the supplied material science technology to a really narrow band of high-quality application areas, and the Mott acquisition completes this phase of the build. And then the remaining third, it's composed of high-quality businesses, where it's all number one in their respective niches and very, very IDEX-like in the way they function. So together, we're innovating to set really critical specification points, that are going to position us for leadership in the years to come, markets that are going to shape our futures. And we'll see the financial benefit of that play out, just as we've seen it play out in the legacy businesses of FMT and FSDP. It's really important that we kind of get IDEX into the mix as these markets form up and launch. So I look forward to walking you through our progress on that in the quarters and the years to come. And I wish you all a good day. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. 
 [Operator Instructions] 
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Wendy Palacios, Vice President, FP&A and Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Wendy Palacios: Good morning, everyone. This is Wendy Palacios, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations for IDEX Corporation. 
 Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX First Quarter 2024 Financial Highlights.
 Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial operating performance for the 3 months ending March 31, 2024. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. 
 Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Abhi Khandelwal, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 [Operator Instructions] 
 If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number (877) 660-6853 and entering conference ID# 13742103, or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay.
 Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 With that, I'll turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman. 
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Wendy, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 3. In Q1, our core execution capabilities delivered strong results, particularly within our Fluid & Metering Technologies and Fire & Safety/Diversified Products businesses. We experienced an encouraging lift in sequential orders from our core industrial and municipal markets after a period of elongated destocking, and we were able to quickly capitalize on this bounce and deliver for our customers.
 Our lead times and overall responsiveness are at outstanding levels as we stripped out excess inventory and improved overall productivity. Our closest to consumption businesses within FMT pulled back a bit in March after a strong January and February launch, but things stabilized again in early April, suggesting our initial take on overall modest report for 2024 remains the correct call.  
 The Health & Science Technologies segment performed at expectations, but there are puts and takes there as we consider individual recovery rates within our markets and application sets. Our tactical priorities favor those growth initiatives that best leverage our most differentiated technologies in line with markets showing higher probabilities of near-term inflection.  
 Largely through inorganic efforts, we've expanded our technical capabilities within HST to support the Highest Quality Semiconductor technologies to power the AI revolution. We have increased content within the transformative world of low orbit space broadband, we are increasingly called upon to help companies develop and deploy advanced technologies for national defense and we have ambitions to continue to add to these capabilities as we further leverage our balance sheet through M&A.
 We continue to watch for signs of recovery in life sciences and analytical instrumentation and are ready to capitalize on growth at the first signs of improving customer demand. Our businesses serving these spaces are exceptionally well positioned with highly credible expertise. We have confidence in our ability to outperform again once this market correction runs its course.
 Overall, it's clear that economic and geopolitical uncertainty persist as a backdrop for all companies. We've leaned into that with conviction that the three core tenets of the IDEX difference, an expression of our most basic differentiated mindset help us play offense. Our great teams and talent work together in superior businesses with a special culture. 
 We practice 80-20 to align around the few things that really matter and we leverage natural proximity to the customer to solve their toughest problems quickly to support our outstanding economics. We ultimately create compounding value for shareholders by driving organic growth outperformance through our top growth bets.
 We amplify these bets through acquisition of complementary faster-growing companies and we expand margins and generate strong free cash along the way as our leaders apply the five core tools of the IDEX operating model. I'd like to thank our IDEX teams around the globe for their dedication to these principles and for delivering strong performance in Q1.  
 With that, I'll turn it over to Abhi to discuss our financial results. 
Abhishek Khandelwal: Thanks, Eric. Before jumping into the consolidated results on Slide 4, I want to highlight our team's consistent ability to execute, as you've seen in the results, delivering strong profitability and free cash flow in the first quarter despite challenging year-over-year comparables.
 Moving on to the consolidated financial results. All comparisons are against the prior year period unless stated otherwise. Quarters of $820 million in the first quarter were down both 1% overall organically. We experienced an organic decrease in FMT and HST, while FSDP grew low double digits, driven by strength in dispensing and emerging markets. First quarter sales of $801 million were down 5% overall and down 6% organically. We experienced a 13% organic decrease in HST and a 3% organic decrease in FMT, while FSDP grew by 2% organically.
 First quarter gross margin was 44.6%, declining 60 basis points, while adjusted gross margin was 45%, contracting 20 basis points due to volume leverage, partially offset by price/cost and operational productivity. First quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 26%, down 120 basis points. This is a sequential improvement versus fourth quarter of 20 basis points as we remain focused on margin expansion. I will discuss the drivers of first quarter adjusted EBITDA on the next slide.
 On a GAAP basis, our Q1 effective tax rate of 21.5% versus last year's first quarter effective tax of 22.2% decreased primarily due to a favorable discrete item. First quarter net income was $121 million, generating EPS of $1.60. Adjusted net income was $143 million with adjusted EPS of $1.88, down $0.21 from the prior year first quarter. 
 Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $137 million, up 13% over the prior year period. We achieved a conversion rate of 95% of adjusted net income, mainly driven by lower variable compensation payments and capital expenditures despite lower adjusted net income. On an organic basis, we drove more than $78 million of inventory reduction over the last 12 months, and we saw inventory turns improve 0.4 turn year-over-year.
 Slide 5. Moving on to Slide 5, which details the driver of our first quarter adjusted EBITDA. For the first quarter, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $22 million compared to the first quarter of 2023. Our 6% organic sales reduction unfavorably impacted adjusted EBITDA by $29 million flowing through at our prior year adjusted gross margin rate. 
 Price/cost was accretive to margins and we drove operational productivity that offset employee-related inflation. These results yielded in a negative 50% organic flow through. The impact of FX and acquisitions net of divestitures contributed $3 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter, resulting in a negative 48% flow-through.
 With that, I'll provide a deeper look at our segment performance. I'm on Slide 6, within our FMT segment. In our water businesses, municipal project activity remains strong. Note that water sales performance in first quarter of the prior year was favorably impacted by both Hurricane-related backlog execution and the catch-up of a 1-month lag treatment of the Nexsight acquisition effectively recording 4 months of Nexsight sales in the first quarter of 2023.
 Our energy businesses remained stable with favorable infrastructure tailwinds, offset by a mild winter. Our agricultural businesses continue to be cyclically down, in line with expectations. Finally, Q1 adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 60 basis points, driven by price/cost and operational productivity despite slightly lower volumes.
 Moving on to Page 7. Despite challenging year-over-year comparables, the Health & Science Technologies segment performed to expectations, and nearly all of our HST business saw sequential orders improvement as compared to the fourth quarter. Our teams continued focusing on our most strategic customers' next-gen solutions in life sciences and analytical instrumentation while we watch for signs of recovery. 
 Our space, broadband and laser communication initiatives continue on track despite current quarter customer delays. Our material processing technology business saw strength in food and sports nutrition that offset conservative customer capital investments within biopharma and pharma. For semiconductor, we saw orders improvement, both year-over-year and compared to the fourth quarter. And we expect these trends to continue in line with an improved outlook for memory chips.
 In line with our FMT industrial businesses, the HST industrials are steady. Lastly, adjusted EBITDA margins improved 40 basis points over the fourth quarter of last year. A year-over-year decline of 250 basis points was driven by volume leverage, partially offset by price/cost and operational productivity.
 Now turning to Slide 8. Our Fire & Safety/Diversified Products segment performance was driven by dispensing project wins in emerging markets, which helped offset the impact of key U.S. customers' multiyear refreshment cycle. We continue to see stability in Fire & Safety. In the quarter, our focus on strategic share gain initiatives helped partially offset unfavorable budget reallocations in the industry.
 BAND-IT automotive demand is strong with growth expected in the year. Additionally, industrial performance was similar to FMT and HST with sequential improvement versus Q4. Finally, adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 40 basis points, driven by price/cost.
 With that, I'd like to provide an update on our outlook for the second quarter. I'm on Slide 9. In Q2, we're projecting GAAP EPS to range from $1.75 to $1.80 and adjusted EPS to range from $2 to $2.05, with organic revenue decline of approximately 2% to 3% and adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 27.5%.
 Turning to the full year 2024. We are maintaining our previously issued full-year outlook of organic revenue growth of 0% to 2% and adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 28% and adjusted EPS of $8.15 to $8.45 with majority of markets performing in line with our initial guidance and our focused efforts on driving growth bets.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Eric for his closing remarks. 
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Abhi. I'm on Slide 10. I'd like to close by coming back to the simple value equation I talked about in my opening remarks. It all starts with organic growth outperformance, typically targeting 300 basis points above market entitlements. We drive about 20 to 25 bps across the company at any one time to achieve these results. I highlighted earlier some examples of growth initiatives through Applied Technologies within HST. 
 Within FMT, we're also working on integrating the recently acquired assets within our Intelligent water group alongside our legacy technologies to support critical analytical work within municipal and industrial wastewater containment and processing. Also within FMT, we're deploying digital tools across multiple brands that go to market through distribution to enhance our customer experience and promote share gain. I'll go deeper in the quarters ahead with additional specific examples to help bring this work to life.
 We amplify these bets with complementary inorganic work via M&A to add another 200 to 300 basis points of growth. We see an outstanding opportunity to support faster-growing transformational markets through the disciplined build of relative and absolute scale within very high-quality niches. Over the last 3 years, we've been working this play in the intelligent water space within thin-film optics and within the niche of small form factor materials-intensive processing.
 Finally, we expand margins and seek to drive double-digit earnings growth along the way as our teams deploy the five basic IDEX operating model tools with 80-20 as our heartbeat. Our decentralized environment and collaborative culture supports speed and agility and our inclination to resist top-heavy infrastructure supports financial leverage as we grow.
 In closing, the world is transforming and evolving in exciting, but unpredictable ways. We're building a company that thrive and win in that environment where power meets speed and agility at the intersection of technology and culture. I look forward to communicating our progress with you along the way.
 With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 Our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. 
Michael Halloran: So just a simple question, Eric. Maybe just talk about, in your mind, if anything has really changed in the market since you gave the last guidance or from an expectation perspective, obviously, dispensing a little better in the first quarter, doesn't seem like your expectations for the remainder of the year are all that different. 
 But when you go through some of the key end markets, has much really changed from an outlook perspective? And how are you thinking about the sequentials through the year versus normal seasonality, ignoring some of the self -- the positive things that you were driving with some of your investments? 
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, thanks for the question. I mean not a lot that's different. I mean, I provided some color around the cadence of those kind of smaller flow FMT order of businesses that we have that are such good diagnostics. I think just to show that at the end of the day, the call remains the same, but it was interesting to watch the sensitivity and kind of ebb and flow in a way. 
 It's a little unusual. Hot January and February, a little bit of pullback in March kind of coming back to equilibrium in April. So I think that's interesting mainly because I think it's reflective of the -- frankly, the level of sensitivity that is out there as people track inflation, interest rates, election, but I think we still land at the same place.
 When we look at particularly the markets in HST, of course, about half of it is pretty industrial, too. So it kind of follows the same rhythm and cadence. I think what we see is shoots of growth kind of around the periphery of the larger pieces of HST. So our MPT business got some great things going on in terms of food production and our battery material handling, but not necessarily in the core pharma. That's still to come. We saw a little lift in ceiling around some -- kind of coming off the bottom in consignment orders and largely in that kind of memory chip world, but we still await the broader lift on the highest quality semicon offerings that we have in the company. 
 So when you step back, I think kind of broad but modest support on much of the industrial landscape of IDEX and then I think a lot of attention for us back on those kind of two core higher-growth potential markets within HST, life science and analytical instrumentation in the semicon markets and kind of great '25 sitting there, it's just a question of how much in the back half do you start to see some velocity towards it. And that's pretty close to where we were, I think, 3 months ago. 
Michael Halloran: Yes. No, makes sense. And then an HST margin question. Obviously, you're running well below peak right now. When you get mix normalized and those end markets come back, whether it's '25 or later, back part of this year, as you just mentioned, how do you think about margin normalization? 
 Is that 25% to 27% kind of range you're at towards peak, is that still the bogey for where you think things will be when you get a little more normalization? And maybe just put a little context around that because we're having some moving pieces to that segment. 
Abhishek Khandelwal: Yes, Mike, this is Abhi. So I think if you go back 90 days and think about the discussion near the end of Q4, I think, look, what we've said is that the volumes come back in HST, more specifically in life sciences and the semicon that Eric just talked about. This business levers really well. And what we have said is we expect margins to be closer to 30% in HST once our volumes are back. 
Michael Halloran: So 30% EBITDA margins when everything comes back, okay? Because the 25% to 27% just for clarity, was me just previous margin ranges. So okay, that makes sense. That makes sense. We appreciate everyone. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. 
Deane Dray: Eric, I think you've given some of the color here, but just regarding your read on how the year is beginning to play out, can you also touch on day rates and it sounded like BAND-IT started off well, so that's always a good sign. And anything else about the bellwethers, Warren Rupp and some of the others? 
Eric Ashleman: Yes. And that cadence that I articulated in the opening in Mike's question was really right there. It was on those bellwether businesses that we aggregate, take a look at weekly and then kind of use as an ultimate barometer of industrial health for IDEX. And I think, again, we saw those launching really strong in January, continued into February. It was interesting, a little bit of a pullback in March, and we had Easter earlier than ever before. So probably some of it.
 But to kind of see that swing and see it as broadly too certainly caught our attention, and yet then it's sort of stabilized again in April. So it's moving a little faster, both directions, than it typically has, and yet the arrow still remains kind of at the exact same slope that we thought. 
 I just want to point it out because, again, I think it's reflective of some of the dialogue and conversations we're having, and this is higher up the food chain around projects, confidence, and where we are. It does seem more sensitive than I've seen in a long time to kind of whatever's on the news and what's out there, which isn't really surprising given kind of what this year is and where we are. So largely an unchanged position, but I thought the color might be helpful. 
Abhishek Khandelwal: And just to build on it, I think the other thing it points to that we've had a lot of conversations around is normalization of the supply chain. So it's a lot faster when it turns on, a lot faster when it turns on because people know that the lead times are back to normal levels that they can adjust their demand as they see the markets move up and down. 
Deane Dray: That's real helpful. And I'm glad you mentioned about that normalization of supply chain because that's been a focus. And just a separate question on the life sciences, analytical instruments market. We've been watching this and just kind of waiting where and how that -- the destocking might run its course and it just really hasn't turned the corner yet. I did see one of the life science guys report a strong quarter, but that was more on the bio processing side, less on the instrument side.
 But what's the typical lag between what you see from the OEs in terms of their sales of instruments versus your supply of these components? I mean, I guess, some of it has to do what their inventory levels are and whether they're running off their current stock and then whether they're pulling from -- to you for their orders. But just the typical lag and any color there would be helpful. 
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So I think there's a couple of points to hit there. I'll start with the first where you ended. I mean the lag is -- I mean it's not extended for us because most of our replenished cycles and lead time fulfillment abilities and capabilities of components going to companies like that is really fast. I mean it's one of the reasons that when this sort of destocking cycle started, we were one of the first to come and recognize it back in Q4 of '22. And so I think any sign of life, we're going to see that first and it's -- and we're going to see it probably pretty close to the time that they're talking about selling the instruments just because of the natural way that forecast would roll in and come back into our factories.
 We -- typically, this is for most cases, I mean, we're not requiring months and quarters of heads up on that just because we're set up to quick turn most of the components. I think maybe the only exception would be, look, if there's a material shift in the overall demand profile, then we've got to think about making sure that we get those same broader signals out to our suppliers and they do that with us. You have to have that conversation, but sort of the early turn in inflection would be relatively quickly aligned. 
 The only other point kind of embedded in the earlier part of your question to come back to is just as we're all reading signals from the broader market, as you're thinking of IDEX, it's always important to recognize, we participate in the instrument side of those sales. And often, you'll see people are talking about consumable streams. And maybe those would tend to advance and start to move ahead of instruments. And so it's an interesting point, but you always have to kind of equate it back to and what's the velocity on instruments because ultimately, that's where the components that we supply go. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup. 
Vladimir Bystricky: I guess can you just talk about, and sorry if I missed it, what price versus cost overall actually was in the quarter and your expectations for price versus cost for the year and what you're seeing in terms of inflationary pressures versus your expectations coming into the year? 
Abhishek Khandelwal: Yes, Vlad. This is Abhi and I'm more than happy to answer that for you. So if you recall, when we talked about our Q4 earnings, what we talked about was price for 2024, we'd laid it out at about 2%. But more importantly, what we were focused on was this price/cost spread of 80 to 100 basis points. So as you think about where we exited Q1, we were closer to that 100% from a price/cost standpoint, in line with expectations, in fact, on the high end of expectations. 
 If you go back in time and just look at IDEX historically, we've seen from a pricing standpoint is something in the neighborhood of 80 to 1.2 -- or 0.8% to 1.2%. So this pricing that we have laid out '24 is higher than normal levels. And then the price/cost spread typically, what we've seen historically is 30 to 40 bps versus what we're seeing here, which is 80 to 100 bps. 
 To answer your second question on inflation, what we're seeing is the input cost slightly favorable compared to what we had assumed in the guide that we had laid out as part of the Q4 discussion. 
Vladimir Bystricky: Great. That's helpful color. I appreciate it. And then just to go back to HST. In terms of the organic sales decline that we've seen in the quarter, are you able to give us more color on the underlying growth rates in industrial and semicon versus what you're seeing in life sciences and analytical instrumentation? 
Eric Ashleman: Well, a couple of things there. I mean, the comparisons in a lot of HST are at pretty exaggerated levels given the rapid destocking that we saw last year. And so let's -- we've been talking about life science and analytical instrumentation as being in a general condition of kind of flat waiting for signs of recovery. And that, just from a segment percentage, is just over 1/3 of the entire segment.
 I think semicon, certainly has high single-digit growth potential, and we're starting to see some early signs. I mentioned some things in ceiling and a couple of other places, but really have a little bit more of that dialed in, in the back half as we start to kind of approach that entitlement. It's probably '25 though, before it really comes in at that full level.
 In the industrial space, we kind of talked about, it tracks with generally what we're saying about FMT and much of FSDP, overall. So it's more modest in the low single-digit range right now. And I don't know, Abhi, do you want to add something there? 
Abhishek Khandelwal: Yes. No, the only thing I'd add is I think just -- look, we've talked about this, I think comparing it year-over-year is kind of tricky given what we saw last year. So I think it's important to kind of point out, if I look at the sequential order trends, look at the sequential order patterns from Q4 to Q1, we saw about $59 million of order uptick, $14 million of that was tied to FSDP, half of that, I'd say is blanket with our large customers that give us blanket that we ship throughout 2024. The other half is normal book-to-bill.
 You look at FMT, we're up about $28 million in orders sequentially. Again, half true demand that we've about tied to our bellwether businesses and the other half being blanket. And lastly, FSDP is the story around emerging markets and the growth coming out of India, that's really exciting for us. So you saw that sequentially.
 So again, I think the key here, the focus here is to look at it sequentially because I think that's a better way to look at the business given where we are in the cycle. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. 
Nathan Jones: Getting back on to the HST order patterns and the sequential improvement that you're seeing there. It's obviously up quite a lot off the bottom from third quarter of '23. Customers did a lot of inventory destocking out of some of those businesses. Is it your view that customer inventories have been rightsized and we're kind of moving back to an area where your orders are pretty close to what your end customers are selling? Or is that still continued destocking going on from your customers? And do you have visibility into that? 
Eric Ashleman: Well, so I'll kind of break down HST because I think the answer varies a bit depending on the portion-ality of the pieces. So half of it is broadly industrial, again, more like FMT and the rest of IDEX. And I think they're -- like in those other areas, I'd say the destocking trends are largely past us. And so part of that lift you're seeing in that industrial core. And it's because, frankly, we're at about the levels of consumption and as those become more positive, we rise with them. So you see the same dynamic in about half of HST that you see elsewhere. 
 I think in the other areas, it's a little trickier and the visibility, to be fair, is a little bit murkier because of just the extension of those supply chains. So now in life science and analytical instrumentation, of course, we can best see inventory between us and factories. And ultimately, that cleared very fast for us, so I don't see an inventory accumulation there.
 End devices, which, of course, have global reach, harder for us to see. We ask about it all the time and there probably are pockets here and there of different platforms and things that are out there that we're probably still working through. So I'd say there may be some moderate or minor effect there, but they're just harder to see and they're kind of outside the four walls of where our usual experience is.
 And then in semicon, I think it varies as well because there's such discrete and different pieces of semicon. So things associated with memory, as I said, for us, that's kind of simple consignment stock and it's starting to move off the bottom, which would indicate, okay, we cleared that inventory too. Some of the kind of higher tech things at the other end of the spectrum, more anchored towards high-end lithography or metrology. I think -- and quite honestly, we're just waiting -- the entire industry is waiting for a stronger demand catalyst there to get it moving.
 So figure half of the segment generally clear, looks a lot like industrial IDEX and then I'd say kind of 50-50 and the other half, depending on these two large pieces. 
Nathan Jones: That's helpful. Maybe back on to the margin question and where it gets back to in a more normalized volume environment, I think you said 30%. Is that -- first, is that an EBITDA margin target? Because historically, we've been talking about operating margins... 
Abhishek Khandelwal: EBITDA margins item. 
Nathan Jones: Yes. And I would think that during this downturn, that, that business carries a lot of very highly-skilled labor that you would be really hesitant to rationalize during your downturn, particularly one that's likely to be short and cyclical. And so that's led to some of these pretty high decrementals that you're seeing in that segment. But should all that result in very good operating leverage and very high incrementals as we come out of the other side. Is there any commentary you can give us on kind of what you'd expect to see out of incremental margins in HST as we see that volume adjust? 
Abhishek Khandelwal: Well, Nathan, I think the point you made is the answer, but I will say it, which is, to your point, we've been very, very thoughtful in terms of how we rightsize the business. Again, as Eric talks about the long-term vision, we believe in the long vision of this business and expect this business to grow as we come out of the cycle.
 So as you think about the incrementals on the uptick, I'd say it's 35% to 40% is the incrementals you should expect, if not north of it, depending on the investments we make in the business over the long term as we grow the business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. 
Joseph Giordano: Just curious like on the tools and the life science piece of HST, is there like -- medium term, is there any sort of like adjustments at the top end of like what this potential is? I mean I know we're going to get to the end of the destock and all that over the next bit here, and long term there's a clear call. But like do we need to like adjust what we think like the potential is over like a multiyear period here given what's happening internationally and things like that? 
Eric Ashleman: Well, I think there's probably a couple of things out there to consider at the highest level when you're projecting. I think you hit one of them. So the ultimate position of China in this market, I think is something everybody has to think about. It's a big part of the issue currently because it was such a high catalyst of growth here more recently for most of the customers that we supply. .
 And so kind of where that comes out there, as you know, there are some regulatory things that are out there in the mix. I haven't seen a big move in this particular area from any stimulus programs that have been applied over there. So kind of where it ultimately settles in, I think, is an open question.
 On the other side, though, probably on the positive and the question of does it offset it, we continue to see just massive technology advancements here. I know the things that we're working on with customers in our building certainly have even potentially higher growth potential as you think of where that may land on a global populations and what work that could get done. So kind of I put the nature of innovation is a positive and where it goes and keeping track of it and seeing what it can all do right next to a question on China is probably the two biggest calls. 
Joseph Giordano: Would you say like globally, it's longer term fungible? Like there's a baseline global demand that is going up and whether it's China or elsewhere, where this needs to be put in, it needs to be put in and like it's just friction over like a shorter-term basis? Is that how you kind of think about it? 
Eric Ashleman: I think that's exactly how we would think about it. I mean, it's -- the China piece, in particular, is pronounced from just the relative nature of what it had been and what it is now. And that's not trivial. That's couple of positive years on the one side and a few of adjustment on the other. But long term, this is ultimately about applying life-saving technology, transformational technology, of course, a global population.
 And I think certainly, one of the things that we always intended with our franchise is having global reach and scale. We have that. So if it begins to shift around and move from one region to another to do the work, that's actually something we're very well set up to align with. So I think that's well stated. It's -- in the near term, it's -- which way are the winds blowing. I think more medium term, it's more regionally around some of these key questions. And long term, it seems very, very assured. And I think it's ultimately about do you have the scale to go chase it, and we do. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. 
Matt Summerville: I wanted maybe just a little bit of commentary and maybe a little bit more granularity on what you're seeing in the M&A pipeline at present, which businesses, which end markets are you focused on have you seen as far as purchase price multiples? Just a little more detailed color there. 
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I think you saw in the remarks that I had. I mean, I made a special point to talk about the fact that we're looking for complementary pieces. So things that attach well to other areas of IDEX and I mentioned, at high level, how we had done that over the last 3 years in the optics space, the water space. And then I call it kind of material-intensive processing on small form factor, that's where Muon fits and frankly, STC.
 So these are businesses that when we purchase them, not only are we purchasing a great IDEX-like business, but we can see attachment points, more natural synergies. And frankly, it matches a vision of something that we're trying to create there, much of which comes back to the question that we just talked about in the life sciences arena of can we have the relative and the absolute scale to do that job well as it globalizes.
 And so I think the areas that I highlighted here would be -- you can take those as areas of high interest, and you can see the evidence of things that we've applied there. 
 The valuations, I think we've consistently said for the kind of quality that we look for at IDEX, it remains quite pricey. I will tell you, I think we've put in a lot of work here recently where the capital deployed number for us would be higher if we were willing to go a couple of more turns and meet some of the expectations, and we just did not. We still are very, very disciplined about what we can do with the business. Even in the case where it's complementary like that, they're just -- we know what the limit is. And we've held that line and we'll continue to do that.
 So I think one other aspect that I would put is a net positive for us. We continue to find ourselves in proprietary spaces, having conversations with people generally where it's only the two of us. And so that's -- I think that's important in this environment, too. That gives you a bit of a head start.
 But the takeaway here is absolutely urgent. I mean we're putting the time in, we're putting the effort in. We are narrower in our focus because we are looking for things that attach well and scale quite naturally within these niches, but -- and we're doing it in a proprietary basis, but we are super careful about where the line needs to end on valuation for us. 
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, could you maybe spend a minute talking about kind of the ultimate duration and strength of the muni water and wastewater cycles as you kind of see it playing out for IDEX? 
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I think, as I've said a couple of times before, I don't think it launches with a lightning bolt or a bang, but actually, the duration of it is going to be very durable. You've had a lot of intentional funding announcements put out there. Those always take a while to find their way home and funded projects that have been engineered and are now being deployed. 
 So I think what's very positive about this cycle is the -- and I can't think of another one where I've seen this much intentional focus, and frankly, this much unfortunate reinforcement in terms of things in systems that are just not able to cope with the current climate that we have out there. 
 So you put those two things together, and what we know is that level of confidence is what it really takes for engineers and municipalities and industrial spaces to do the work, to make it through the budget cycles, the inevitable number of conversations to get things approved to get them in front of us. 
 The last point I always remind external folks to consider when they think of our water businesses, a lot of what we're doing is analysis. So we're doing infrastructure analysis and then providing that over generally for a technical part of our customer set. 
 And so in that way, we're actually well positioned to kind of -- as a diagnostic at the beginning of the cycle because much of the time, they're using our information and our output to substantiate larger capital projects. And so kind of here in the beginning of a multiyear cycle is a good place for IDEX to be because we're actually helping them put the projects together that's going to extend the cycle, overall. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. 
Robert Wertheimer: Eric, you touched on an interesting topic in your opening comments just on semiconductors and the AI shift, which is obviously driving huge -- in demand, pricing power, all sorts of things, across pockets of industrials. I wonder, do you have any expanded remarks on what your exposure is there, how your technological capabilities are changing, whether you're entering kind of a new segment of semiconductors? Anything you can flesh out there if you're willing. 
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, I appreciate it. I mean it's still a modest portion of IDEX, overall, but it's growing, and it's growing and has found its way into the portfolios of some of the things we've recently acquired in HST. So we're certainly more interested and focused on it. And as we've brought those technologies in, I mean, we thought about this revolution and the jobs to do within it, particularly the hardest ones is our #1 area of interest. 
 So we're often going right into lithography instruments and some of the most advanced that are out there because those are the ones that are being called upon to do the work, to create the chip architecture that's going to support the hardest piece of this.
 So we're well indexed there. We've long had a metrology portion of our business that's all about validating that, that job was done well. Even on the piece within water that we have that's somewhat semi-focused, I mean it's absolute critical water purification, delivery and heating. And we talked about that in our sustainability report as one of the best eco-friendly solutions we have in the whole company. 
 And so it's a broad market. It's fragmented and segmented into different uses and technologies. But you can think of us as generally thinking about what are the hardest jobs to do that provide the most critical differentiation when they are done because typically, for us, that's where the most economic benefit comes from. 
 And so we're tracking a lot of that -- those different trends, the size of chips, the way that they're being packaged and looking for all the ways that we can play there. So just think of that as that's how we're indexed, that's increasing. And so ultimately, as that plays out, I think we're very, very well positioned. 
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing remarks. 
Eric Ashleman: Well, thank you very much. Thanks for everybody joining today. We appreciate your interest in IDEX. And look, I think, no doubt, there's some uncertainties out there in the near term whether it's inflation, interest rates, geopolitical tensions, it's obviously an election year. We hear a lot of chatter about that out in the background. As I said, I think there's some sensitivity to it. But more broadly, I still think the arrows are very positive for businesses like ours and others over time.
 As we're tracking all that, we think it's helpful to provide that color to you as we do it. And as you know, we were very good at moving resources around from here to there within this high-quality portfolio to continue to execute for shareholders and customers.
 But I really step back and say, I think we're incredibly positioned for where things are going in the long term. We've had that discussion here with life science and analytical instrumentation, how powerful that's going to be over time. 
 We just had it here more recently with our discussion around semicon and the revolutionary aspects of AI and the part we play there. And then we could go through a host of other applications, more of the niche than not, and take you through that as well. And that's what we're building each and every day through our own organic efforts and the -- efforts of the company.
 And so we're laser-focused on the things that matter, both short term and long term and look forward to continuing to talk with you along the way and the quarters to come. Have a great day. 
Abhishek Khandelwal: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-07 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2023 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants will be in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Ms. Lausas, you may now begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Vice-President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX fourth-quarter and full-year 2023 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months and full-year ending December 31, 2023. The press release along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Abhi Khandelwal, our new Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Eric, providing an overview of the state of IDEX's business. Abhi will then discuss our fourth-quarter and full-year 2023 financial results and provide an update on the various markets we serve. He will also discuss our outlook for the first quarter and full-year 2024. Lastly, Eric will close the call with his final remarks. We will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number (877) 660-6853 and entering conference ID 13742102, or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Allison, and good morning everyone. First, I'd like to introduce and welcome our new CFO, Abhi Khandelwal back to IDEX. Abhi previously worked at IDEX for 10 years and served as my finance partner for the majority of that tenure. I'm thrilled to welcome them back. And in many ways, it feels like you never left. Turning to Slide 6. We navigated the challenging backdrop in 2023 with really strong execution. As backlogs normalized, we took inventory out of the system, reduced lead times for customers, increased cash-flow to record levels, and delivered productivity through strong price capture and operational excellence. As always, I want to reach out to our IDEX employees around the globe with a sincere and appreciative thank you. I want to apply a bit of high level perspective as I covered last year's dynamic demand patterns. Coming into 2023, we expect this would be a year of re-calibration across our broad array of markets and our thesis certainly held. Our fragmented industrial markets within FMT and parts of FSDP and HST played out as expected. Supply chains improved, dropping overall lead times bringing artificially high backlog and inventory levels into focus. Customers attack these positions moderately over time through order reductions to our businesses, ultimately reaching levels of stability for us in the fall. Our less fragmented markets within Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation and Semicon recalibrated in a dramatically different way. Through much of the post pandemic recovery, these markets had run red-hot with demand that was really only constrained by supply chain availability. Demand pressures from high interest rates, lower capital availability and a lackluster post-COVID recovery in China, combined with outside inventory balances and backlogs drove sharp order reductions throughout these normally fast-growing sectors. This played out dramatically in the first half for IDEX. Given our short-cycle character, we saw the decline quicker than many and reached equilibrium in the fall sooner than some. As we delivered against expectations within a stable Q4, we took a breath and developed a plan of attack for the year ahead. Lead times and backlogs are back to pre-pandemic levels. The majority of our industrial and municipal businesses are stable and seeing improvement with early and encouraging signs of modest growth ahead. The open questions are the specific catalysts and timing to support further acceleration. Our teams continue to aggressively engage with our top growth bets to drive market out performance. These initiatives are spread across all segments in a variety of niche verticals. We're particularly excited about our growth work with customers in our water, Semicon, space communications, and energy transition markets. The markets not yet showing signs of near-term recovery remains Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation. We haven't forecasted a positive inflection yet for 2024. That said, our teams continue to work a robust pipeline of innovative projects in conjunction with our customers, positioning us to win on tomorrow's Next-Gen platforms. We believe in the long-term growth potential of these end markets and are well-positioned to support growth at the first signs of improved demand. We continue to focus on aggressive capital deployment towards M&A as we tune the portfolio towards faster-growing high-quality markets. We acquired Iridian and STC Material Solutions last year, adding important pieces of material science technology to our HST segment. Our funnel is expanding, filled with targets that enhance our growth potential. Our balance sheet is strong, fully supporting our ambitions. Finally, we divested two businesses Micropump and Novotema as we practice AD20 at the enterprise level. With that, I'll turn it over to Abhi to discuss our financial results.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks, Eric, and thanks to everyone for welcoming me back to IDEX. It's great to be here and be re-joining a great organization. Moving onto the consolidated financial results on Slide 8. All comparisons are against the prior year period unless stated otherwise. Orders of $754 million in the fourth quarter were down 6% overall, and down 10% organically. We experienced an organic decrease in each of our three segments. FMT and FSDP declined mid-single-digits while HST contracted by about 17% as market stabilized at a new level post-recalibration. For the year orders were down 7% overall, and down 11% organically. Our HST segment contracted upwards of 20% as customer experienced a sharp inventory recalibration during the year and level-set to new near-term demand targets that include stunted growth expectations for China coming out of the pandemic. Our FMT and FSDP segments were down low-single digits as they also experienced recalibration although at a much smaller scale. Fourth quarter sales of $789 million were down 3% overall, and down 6% organically. We experienced a 19% organic decrease in HST while both FMT and FSDP grew by 3% organically. Full-year sales of $3.3 billion were up 3% overall and down 1% organically. HST contracted by 10% on an organic basis driven by declining life sciences analytical instrumentation and semiconductor markets, partially offset by price. FMT and FSDP grew mid-single-digits, driven largely by strong price capture on slightly higher volumes. Fourth-quarter gross margin was essentially flat at 42.7% while adjusted gross margin, which was also 42.7% contracted 90 basis points due to lower volume leverage, unfavorable mix and the dilutive impact of acquisitions and divestitures, partially offset by strong price-cost and operational productivity. Both full-year gross margin and adjusted gross margin of 44.2% contracted 60 basis points for the same reasons I just described. Fourth-quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 25.8%, down 120 basis points. I will discuss the drivers of fourth-quarter adjusted EBITDA on the next slide. On a full-year basis adjusted EBITDA margin contracted 40 basis points to 27.5%. A bridge of the full-year adjusted EBITDA can be found in the appendix of this presentation. Despite a year of significant volume pressure, our teams delivered on price-cost and operational productivity, significantly muting the impact of these unprecedented volume declines. On a GAAP basis, our Q4 effective tax rate of 22.7% versus last year's fourth-quarter effective tax rate of 20.5% increased primarily due to the absence of one-time foreign currency benefits realized in 2022 in connection with the funding of the acquisition of Muon as well as the impact of the loss recorded on the sale of Novotema during 2023. For which no related tax benefit was realized due to the type of consolidated group in which it participated. Our full-year GAAP effective tax rate of 21.7% was flat with the prior year. However, both 2023 and 2022 included favorable discrete events. Fourth-quarter net income was $109 million generating EPS of $1.43. Adjusted net income was $139 million with adjusted EPS of $1.83, down $0.18 from the prior year fourth quarter. Full-year net income was $596 million, resulting in EPS of $7.85. Adjusted net income was $624 million. Generating adjusted EPS of $8.22, up $0.10 or 1% from last year. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $179 million, up 22% over the prior year period. We achieved a conversion rate of 129% of adjusted net income, mainly driven by improved working capital performance despite lower adjusted net income. On an organic basis, we drove more than $40 million of inventory reduction in the quarter through our targeted reduction efforts and we saw inventory turns improve. For the year we delivered record free cash flow of $627 million, up 28% versus last year and coming in at 101% of adjusted net income. Mainly driven by lower net working capital as we reduced organic inventory levels by almost $65 million and achieved higher adjusted net income. We achieved this despite higher year-over-year capital expenditure as we maintain focus on investing for the future. We will continue to drive inventory levels down and optimize working capital levels further in 2024. Moving on to Slide 9 which details the drivers of our fourth-quarter adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $15 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Our 6% organic sales reduction unfavorably impacted adjusted EBITDA by $36 million, flowing through at our prior year adjusted gross margin rate. Price cost was accretive to margins and we drove operational productivity that offset employee-related inflation. Mix was unfavorable by $3 million. Reductions in variable compensation contributed $3 million of benefit in the quarter. These results yielded a negative 39% organic flow-through. Overall, our team's focus on cost containment and resource reallocation has effectively managed our revenue declines. IDEX is well-positioned to recover and grow back stronger than before when market dynamics turn favorable. The impact of FX and acquisitions, net of divestitures contributed $5 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. However, the divestiture of Micropump load flow-through as the margins were higher than those of our newly acquired assets who were experiencing volume deleveraging, given the end markets deplane. With that, I will provide a deeper look at our segment performance. I'm on Slide 10. Let me walk you through our outlook as it relates to our end markets. First, as I consider the markets served by our Fluid & Metering technology segment. Industrial derates began to see some sequential improvement in the fourth quarter and we expect continued stability in the near-term as our short-cycle businesses meet underlying customer demand. We continue to see normalized book-and-bill order patterns given shorter lead times and normalized supply chain dynamics. As we move into 2024, we're cautiously optimistic as we continue to see tailwinds due to domestic infrastructure initiatives and within mining. We anticipate these patterns will hold. Dolby will continue to mind our derates to evaluate longer-term expectations as this is the most short-cycle market exposure. Our water businesses continue to be favorably positioned as we enter 2024. Municipal project activity remains strong with no signs of funding delays and the project funnel is healthy with new opportunities winning share to deliver solutions for critical water challenges. Our energy business has been steady, even as new oil production is down and fuel markets are flat, driven by declining fuel prices and mild heating seasons in North America and Europe. As consolidation occurs within this industry and funding for new projects remain delayed, we see operators doing more with less using the same infrastructure to drive production. These market dynamics favorably impact our demand profile. As our energy businesses meet customers' need for replacements as they keep existing infrastructure running. In the chemical market, we continue to see positive results across US and Europe with pharma and battery applications providing opportunities for growth. China softness is being mitigated by the rest of Asia. The one area experiencing pronounced headwinds in FMT is our agricultural business. The size of this market is about 10% of the FMT segment, which equates to mid-single-digits for overall IDEX. We continue to see headwinds as OEMs have stepped down their projections due to continued destocking and declining net farm income and crop prices. Our KZValve acquisition continues to be a differentiator with its automated actuation valve technology and we are focused on targeted share gain to offset the pressure of current market challenges. Moving onto the Health & Science Technologies segment. We continue to see positive results stemming from our space broadband laser communication initiatives which are bolstered by Iridian's technological capabilities. We expect this space to grow in 2024. The industrial markets served by businesses in the HST segment are experiencing signals in line with FMT has expectations. Our material processing technology business is gaining share in battery production with the step up in new orders as we enter the year. And we continue to see signs of improvement within biopharma related to new vaccine development, where our technologies are uniquely positioned. We see particular strength in emerging markets. For semiconductor, we began to see initial signs of improvement as we exited 2023. We expect this market will continue to recover somewhat in '24 driven by an improved outlook for memory chips due to demand for devices. Further out, we look forward to continued growth in Semicon driven by artificial intelligence, automotive and long-term secular tailwinds driven by electrification. While these markets point towards growth area within the HST, that is not yet showing signs of recovery is in our Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation markets, which represents nearly 35% of HST and about 15% of overall IDEX. However, the long-term growth drivers have not changed. While orders appear to be stabilizing, we have not forecasted a positive inflection yet for 2024. While this industry navigates immediate-term challenges, we continue to have our eye on the future. We are closely partner with our customers across our Life Sciences businesses and we're actively innovating to provide tomorrow solution. With our focus on innovation and operational scale to support customers from prototyping to production we are uniquely positioned for growth as these markets recover. Turning to our Fire & Safety Diversified Products. We expect FSDP will be flattish to down slightly in 2024 driven by headwinds in dispensing as key customers recently completed the multi-year refreshment cycle. We expect Fire & Safety end markets to remain stable and growth to be driven by strategic share gain initiatives our teams are focused on. We continue to win through value-added integrated systems and technology and standardized offerings that enable higher OEM throughput. Overall demand Band-it continues to remain strong and we expect growth on a year-over-year basis. With that, I'd like to provide an update on our outlook for the first quarter and full-year 2024. I'm on Slide 11. We expect full-year organic growth of 0% to 2% with the majority of our end markets stable to growing as I highlighted in my market outlook commentary. This wage reflects low-single-digit growth from FMT and includes acknowledgment of the uncertainty in timing and scale of recovery given the short-cycle nature of our business. For HST we expect low-single-digit growth as broader expectations for year-over-year growth across its markets are moderated by the lack of visibility in the Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation space. And we expect FSDP to be down slightly as the dispensing refreshment cycle has completed and volume in that space will step down. The dynamic is expected to lower overall IDEX organic growth by 1% and offset the growth expected by Fire & Safety and Band-it. This organic rate guide equals earnings per share contraction of $0.03 to growth of $0.26 depending on top-line results and includes price-cost, which we anticipate will be positive for the year and mixed pressure stemming from dispensing volumes. Additionally, we expect our operational productivity will more than offset pressure from wage-related inflation and provide $0.10 to $0.15 of EPS growth. As always, we're committed to investing in the future growth prospects and expect to make incremental resource investments of $0.05 to $0.09 during the year as we invest in the people needed to champion our growth efforts and drive the next chapter for outperformance. The reset of variable compensation levels after a challenging 2023 provides a $0.16 headwind while the impact of recent acquisitions and divestitures contributes $0.12 of adjusted EPS growth. Finally, considering a few non-operational items lower levels of debt due to pay-downs in the second half of 2023 are expected to yield $0.07 of EPS growth and we expect FX to also provide $0.07 of benefit. These are more than offset by an increase in the effective tax rate on a year-over-year basis, creating $0.19 of headwinds to adjusted EPS. The 2023 effective tax rate includes certain discrete events, which produced $0.09 of benefit to adjusted EPS in '23, as compared to 2022. Those benefits do not repeat in 2024 and conversely, the projected 2024 rate of 23%, includes a heavier mix of improved performance in geographical regions with higher tax rates, as well as certain legislative changes increasing global tax. So in summary, we're projecting organic revenue growth of 0% to 2% for the year. The variable compensation and tax-rate pressure essentially erodes 4% of EPS growth year-over-year lending adjusted EPS expectation in the range of $8.15 to $8.45 or down 1% to up 3% over 2023. Moving to Slide 12. I'll provide additional details regarding our 2024 guidance for both our first quarter and full-year. In Q1, we are projecting GAAP EPS to range from $1.45 to $1.50 and adjusted EPS to range from $1.70 to $1.75. Organic revenue is expected to decline 6% to 7% year-over-year due to tough comps and adjusted EBITDA margins are estimated to be about 25%. While it is not a factor impacting year-over-year comparability, I would like to remind you that on a sequential basis when walking from fourth-quarter results to first-quarter we have a headwind of $0.10 related primarily to the accelerated recognition of share-based compensation in the first-quarter of each year. Turning to the full-year 2024, in summary, we estimate full-year organic revenue of flat to up 2%, to yield GAAP EPS of $7.15 to $7.45 and adjusted EPS of $8.15 to $8.45. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 28%. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be about $75 million normalized upon the completion of certain factory automation investments and emerging market footprint expansion in 2023. And free cash flow is expected to be over 100% of adjusted net income. Corporate costs are also expected to be approximately $95 million, up from 2023 by approximately $10 million as variable compensation resets to current market expectations, With that, I'll turn it over to Eric for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Abhi. I'm on Slide 13. In summary, the majority of our businesses are stable and starting to see the early days of market recovery. We're working together as a team to drive out performance above that baseline and we are well-positioned to capitalize on growth to come as we invest our cash-back into the business to support organic and inorganic expansion. Our core FMT businesses are back in world-class lead times with expanded margins, they're ready to expand them again as volume leverage broadly returns. Fire & Safety and Band-It within FSDP have differentiated technologies to accelerate growth and continue as the leading players in their global markets. Much of HST is seeing recovery or the early signs of growth. We temper these expectations a bit, overall, given our lack of insights supporting demand recovery within Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation markets, and we also face the cyclical headwinds from global dispensing in our agriculture businesses. Finally, it's really the early days of a new normal following three years of unprecedented change, better to be appropriately cautious and careful as we line up our resources and strategic plans to support the full cycle ahead. One I feel will be especially strong for companies like ours. We are prepared to help customers solve their toughest problems we see as their greatest opportunities, our businesses and technologies are outstanding. Our teams and talent are world-class and our culture is really unique. We appreciate your support and interest in IDEX. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question will be coming from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone. Welcome back, Abhi.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thank you, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I just wanted to start off with a question on inventory destocking bonuses demand. I guess it's most appropriate to the Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation businesses. Obviously, sharp declines you saw in 2023, is there any way for you to parse out or give this more color around what you think was actually called declines in your customers' demand versus them taking down their levels of inventory of your products?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. Well, certainly the second is much larger than the first probably outlet by a level of two. So, we saw these kind of double-digit declines here pushing I think 20% at some point. I don't think that's representative of their underlying markets, and we haven't seen that in the public comments for them either. So this really was an incredible run-up and then, obviously, kind of an artificial plunge down as those things were normalized. So where is the state of their markets? Down low-single digits to maybe slightly double or the early start of double. But again, I think one of the main points we want to make sure people understand is while the comparisons even in Q4 for were dramatically different for us and we could continue to see that calibration, we've actually been living in-kind of a sequential level of stability here for a while now. And we were talking about in late summer and certainly saw through the bulk of the fourth quarter and are now projecting that more formally across '24. And so it's kind of a case of two realities, one that's going to for a while now continue to still have those year-over-year comparisons, because of the market difference we have 12 months ago the periods we're going to move through at least through the first half of the year. But a relatively stable platform here. Just lacking a little bit of visibility as to when that catalyst comes in there, that starts to accelerate again.
Nathan Jones: Yeah. I was looking at the order rates in HST and they've certainly stabilized over the last couple of quarters. There is a sequential improvement from 3Q to 4Q. Can you possibly parse out the different pieces in HST sequentially on the order rates, where you're seeing things improve versus the Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation or where it's going on a sequential basis?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. A couple of things there and Abhi can fill in anything I miss. But I mean, we do get a little bit more blanket activity at the end of the year even in those core lifecycle Analytical Instrumentation market, there is a little step-up there. About half of HST is kind of classically more industrial anyways and mirrors a lot of what we have over in FMT. And so that same kind of broader support and early indicators of growth that I know we'll talk about a lot here on the call we saw that kind of hit that Thanksgiving time on there too. So that accounts for a piece of it. Little bit of activity on the Semicon side, although that's real early days and modest too. So, nothing really on the declining side. A few things moving up. The only thing, again, most of it just sort of reflective of broad-based support with that one exception of a little bit of year-end blanket activity on the Life science world.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah, Nathan. The only thing I'd add is, if you look at the sequential order lift in HST we are up about $30 million. Majority of that to Eric's point was demand, there about $10 million of blanket activity that happens typically year-over-year. But to Eric's point, we saw orders improve starting Thanksgiving through December.
Nathan Jones: And then I guess last one, just across the portfolio. Your customers' level of inventory now, I mean, you guys talked about still taking your inventory down in the first half of '24. Do you think your customers are still accepting similar and there is still a headwind from destocking in the first half of '24 and when do you think we'll actually get to a point where customer inventories match demand levels?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean I would say I'd parse that out a bit, too I mean, a lot of inventory that would be closest to us on the FMT side would be largely in distributor channels and places like that, highly fragmented, that's largely corrected now. We never as -- we always remind you we don't sell a lot of products that stock real well, anyways. So we probably hit quicker levels there may be some, but we're good on that side. On the OEM side, I think it's customer-by-customer, but between us and our end-customers I mean we're really, clean. And a lot of that's just been driven by the fact that we got back to really, high levels of customer performance and lead-time performance early and then even if nobody is monitoring that in a manual way eventually and pretty quickly and it automates. And so, kind of, then ties those two things together. The only piece of course that we can't quite see would be, end-customer solutions inventory way out into the extended nature of their channels and we hear about pockets of it here and there from different places, but again the fragmentation and the diversification of IDEX I think puts us in a place where no one or two of those places is going to upset the balance much.
Nathan Jones: Excellent. Thanks very much for taking my questions.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Allison Poliniak: Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to ask on the Life Sciences side, new product development, I think you mentioned it was ongoing. Could you talk to it relative to historicals, like, how it's pacing is stronger, is it sort of the same amount of investments? And then just any, fairly large reset in that business as well. Has any of the competitive dynamics changed as a result of that? Just any thoughts there. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. No. Great questions and early here in the year there's a number of conferences and trade shows and things that always reoccur. So it's a good time to, have good touch points with people. I will tell you and I think I've said this the last couple of quarters, the level of innovation that's happening between our folks on the ground and our major customers is at a really strong level. And, I think if you step back a second, I mean, it actually makes sense Intuitively. It's a tough environment. People are coming off of a phase where largely it was about replenishment and trying to make things. And now I think there's a recognition, it's back to dynamics that are a bit more normal. You've got real competition between some very, very serious and well-established customers. Innovation in this sector is going to lead the way. And then if you look at the way that we typically interface with IDEX, I mean, we're really good at scaling with customers. So, we're hearing a lot of things now around, can you get the prototypes done sooner? Because if we do that, then that gives you the scalable production right behind it. And so I think that's as healthy as I've seen it. And in many ways to the extent that people are grappling with their own dimensions of trying to normalize cost and potentially might not have as many resources. That actually in well for the kind of work that we do as well, because we've got now a full suite of integrated capabilities. So, I think that side of it actually is our most healthy barometer about long-term, success here for both us and the sector. Competitive dynamics, there's not a ton of names in this world, I think we've good understanding of where we stack up and how we're positioned in our share. So I feel very good about, we've maintained if not enhanced our position with all the major players. And then, we continue to follow how they're doing as they battle it out side-by-side. And I always feel very good about the number of bets that we have with virtually all of them.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. Understood. And then just on working capital. I know you mentioned you wanted to bring it down. Is there any target that you're focused on and trying to attain in '24? Just any thoughts there. Thanks.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah, Allison. As we mentioned in our opening remarks, we took down inventory about $65 million in 2023, which is about a 0.4 point improvement as we think of 2024 we're targeting another 0.5 point of improvement from an inventory standpoint.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Halloran: Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Halloran: So let's just start on the overall thought process for the year. Certainly appreciate all the color, prepared remarks. But as you think about how you're conceptually setting the guidance here, is the thought that you're basically looking for sequential stability across the platform from current levels, understanding that the ag piece, the dispencing piece, have some cyclical pressures. But the remaining pieces is just relatively normal cyclicality, not assuming an inflection or should we be thinking about those positive catalyst markets as you're pushing some sort of inflection in the numbers this year as an offset, and then maybe just talk about how you're expecting that cadencing to workout.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I'll kind of hit it from a revenue and demand side and let Abhi sort of square up how it financially tracks alongside of it. But, yeah, I think if you move from left to right, kind of start at the midpoint of last year. Again, we saw a back half that was pretty stable for us. Slight reductions in final reductions in backlog, but really ended the year with a normalized position. And I'll remind people that for IDEX what that means is, we turn things really, really fast, it gives us about a half a quarter of visibility when we stand here, here on January 1 looking at it. So we're kind of back to equilibrium in that perspective. And then, we started to see this sort of broader support emerging out of the snow, if you will in the end of Q4 and continuing through January. January was a nice start for us in all three segments. And so then as you project forward, you're right, Mike, we actually have a -- it's a little bit of a seasonal uptick for us, that's fairly typical from Q1 to Q2. We've not been able to see it the last couple of years because of some different dynamics that have been out there that's simply weather-related and hits businesses like water and a few others. And so we have a natural uptick there. Some of these early bookings and some of the support that we've seen just given our lead times and customer expectations kind of dials in around Q2 as well. So there's a little bit of an additive bounce there and explains a bit of a difference between Q1 and Q2. We have a series of growth bets that of course we have positioned across all verticals. I offered a few highlights in the opening comments. Those are known programs, known platforms we're engaged on those now and we feel more assured about when they're going to start along the way. And then we have things like, a slight recovery in the semiconductor markets kind of modeled more back-half than the first. So, I think it's normal IDEX, certainly a normal entry position as we look at the year some normal seasonality, normal run-out of growth bets that we have that accelerate through the year. Made a little bit more exaggerated, I think by, certainly a conservative call on the first quarter, given that we just landed here. We just landed here, we're seeing some things come together and we just kind of have a -- there is a little bit of an air pocket here just based on lead times as to where those things land and how quickly we can get at them.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah, Mike. Just to add a little more color to it as you kind of-- just to build on Eric's commentary here. So if you go from left to right, kind of think about where we ended Q4. We ended Q4 at $1.83, as I move the pencil forward and look at, what we're seeing in Q1, again to Eric's point, we took a bit of a conservative view. Just sequentially, we expect operationally to get better by $0.12 to $0.15. So if you just look at operationally, $1.83 at $0.15 to it you have not $1.98 closer to $2. Year-over-year, it doesn't matter sequentially as I think about it, what does impact us is a $0.10 stock-comp timing and then $0.04 of variable comp reset that kind of takes our guide down to what we've laid up in the paper here from $1.75 to $1.77. But sequentially as you look at it operationally, we are seeing the improvement that Eric is talking about, it's early days. But as Eric mentioned we build backlog in January, majority of that is shippable in Q2 and beyond and then you see a seasonal uptick from Q1 to Q2.
Mike Halloran: Great. Super helpful. And then, just an update on how you're looking at the M&A landscape here actionability of the portfolio. I mean, from loss of opportunity, I'm guessing it's probably not that different than what you talked about the last few quarters, the last couple of years, but any revenue update you have?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. No, it continues to be an area of tremendous focus I think irrespective of what the backdrop is. We've driven the increases in potential there with funnel build and cultivation and conversations and analysis and other things that really are at the highest level we've ever had in the company. I do think though that as maybe the year feel some of the same, fundamental support that we're talking about here, I could imagine that that might help availability of targets and people might start to think about monetizing them and moving and maybe they lift the market around us as well. So it's still largely being driven by our efforts, but I think a good environment and we feel very, very positive about what we're going to be able to do there.
Mike Halloran: Great. Really appreciate everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Deane.
Abhi Khandelwal: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey. Just want to also add my welcome back to Abhi and also thanks for all the detail and how you've laid out the assumptions very, very clear. We appreciate all the specifics.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thank you, Deane.
Deane Dray: I want to circle back on the Life Sciences Analytical story here and just make sure I understand how you're not expecting and not forecasting any inflection in '24 and I get that you want to be conservative here because it's been a moving target. But if you listen to what your customers are saying, in terms of their earnings reports and how they're forecasting they're collectively talking if I were to generalize that there would be still some inventory normalization running at least through the midyear, so call it the end of the second quarter. And at that point, they would start to see some normalization, some recovery. They've got easy comps in the second half. So, I would imagine maybe there is a timing issue for you and to when that would start to read across into your recovery with these customers. But let's just start there, just what's the lead timing difference in terms of that recovery because it does seem like it pivot this year.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. From an inventory reduction perspective, I mean, again, this is a big industry with a lot of end markets, we have different platforms, different programs and all of them. So, I mean we really get it down to customer-by-customer, factory-by-factory and inventory position between us and them in every single case. So we've known for a while that, we're in pretty lockstep at that level. Then it comes down to individual demand swings and to be fair, there'll be some and maybe in line with what you're talking about there is some pockets of end-customer inventory that might still be out there and in the way of recovery and pieces of what we have. But in other places, I think we're comfortable that the mix is going to work over and kind of hold the flat narrative that we have here and the flat projections that we have internally. Absolutely I've heard some of the same commentary around the back half. I don't have information to refute any of that and I'd be quite happy if it were to come about that way. But I think just from an internal planning and forecasting perspective. Being conservative in this way, making sure our costs are in control, we've got everything ready to go from a materials, resourcing perspective. We've built some muscle here to be more dynamic than ever before. I think presents us in lines us up in a way, should that then start to happen in the second half. So, I certainly take the point, I think, if you could see it at our level, you'd see kind of technology and major platform and customers sort of arrayed on a grid that is the way that our teams think about it as they just move across quarter-to-quarter.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. One question that's come up in a couple of calls and discussions that we've had in this market is a question of inventory obsolescence, just because of this pocket that we've been in of a destock as some of the inventory just is obsolete. It probably is not as much of an effect for you all. But is there any issue there and what might the dynamics be?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean, I haven't heard that raised as an internal concern or issue. I'm thinking, a lot of the business we do, let's say in Analytical Instrumentation I mean it's a bit more of a mature space, mature industry maybe not as likely in the short-term, dimension to be obsoleted by major steps in technology, but I can add it there. That hasn't been something that we've talked a lot about.
Deane Dray: Good that would be my impression as well. And then just separately just because it's a good time of year to look at that very near-term crystal ball that you have. All of your bellwether businesses collectively, whether it's Band-It or gas or Warren Rupp, just what is the kind of the cadence of demand that you're seeing in your day rates versus your expectations?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. That's one of the healthiest indicators that we have here. Just for everybody on the call, again, these are the shortest cycle more sort of widely dispersed businesses that we have with the most fragmented customer sets. And so when they move they tend to indicate, where the world is going either way. When they move together they strongly indicate where the world is going and, we saw them move together, back at the original zones of recalibration here as they move down. And in Q4 and certainly continuing here in January, they are all moving together towards the positive. These are modest rates, but a simple green arrow next to all of those names across IDEX, is meaningful and supports a lot of the confidence that we have.
Deane Dray: That sounds great. Because we look at those and it's coincident with some of the better indicators we've seen from the ISM new orders. So I'm glad it's consistent. And that's it. Thank you.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks you, Deane.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Vlad Bystricky: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my call and thanks for all the great information. Just quickly, and sorry if I missed it, did you say what price cost actually was in the quarter and what you're assuming for price cost in '24 as well as your overall price assumptions in the 0% to 2% organic growth outlook?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah. Absolutely, Vlad. This is Abhi. So firstly, for the fourth quarter, we saw pricing around 4%. It was definitely start-- we definitely start to see it come down as the year progress, so a few quarters later compared to the, prior quarters, but it's closer to 4%. As I think about 2024 what we're modeling is a 2%, price in the guide. But what we're more focused on is the price cost spread. As I think about the price-cost spread it's in the, 80 basis points to 100 basis points, which is again it's higher than the historical averages IDEX has seen. And even the 2% price capture, if you go back in time and look at the IDEX historical pre-pandemic was in the 80 to 100 basis point, 120 basis points. So that's what we've modeled in the guide.
Vlad Bystricky: Perfect. That's really helpful. Thanks, Abhi. And then I just wanted to ask you a little more-- Slide 10 is very helpful color around what you're seeing in businesses and the end markets. Can you talk a little more about what you're seeing with respect to energy transition-related demand. Kind of particular project types that are seeing a pickup or driving that and whether you're seeing it across regions or more pronounced in any particular geographies.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I'll take a shot at that and of course, it always go through a bit of an IDEX filters. So we're a couple of derivatives away from what you might notice is a headline. So think of this as almost any technology that's involved in, kind of the transition from traditional energy to alternate sources and emerging sustainable sources. And we see that in places like battery manufacturing. We don't make the batteries but we do a lot of the work around material handling because it's pretty nasty caustic material. And so we've seen really, really nice velocity there and continuing into '24 on things supporting kind of all the work that goes on for switch-over to battery tech. Even some of the businesses that we have in FMT that have a little bit of mining exposure have been strong for a while, they continue strong and of course, it's tied to the mineral extraction that goes with that. One of our recent acquisitions on the Airtech side and that business ever since it came and was a part of IDEX, one of its strongest catalyst has been alternative energy solutions where we do some of the thermal management that happens inside. So it's, again, we're kind of in the box, with our high-tech components and we're doing very, very critical jobs and we're doing them a little far away from the headlines, but you can absolutely see the lines coming right back into that industry. You asked about geographic spread. I wouldn't say there's I mean, we have projects in Europe. Some of them ultimately land in Asia. So it's pretty uniform across the globe. But again, we're hitting it in these niche verticals and niche applications.
Vlad Bystricky: Great. That's really helpful color. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Abhi Khandelwal: Thanks, Vlad.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks. So my question is going to be on HST, Life Sciences within it and how you manage costs and I guess there's a kind of a specific one, to your question on how the financials may play out and then just a larger question on philosophy on how you manage the business. Is the cost structure currently set such that if demand does come back, and you see above-normal incrementals you kind of return towards historical margin levels? I mean that's kind of the first one, do you kind of prime for return would cost come back. And then the second question is more just how do you think about cutting cost when businesses turn down? Obviously nobody has a crystal ball, we can't see what happens in two years. If you'd known how deep this downturn would have been would you have managed the business any differently or not? Thanks.
Abhi Khandelwal: Well, look. Thanks for the questions. So as I think about where we've been over the last couple of years as just good operators, good business cadence, we've been looking at our cost structure, you can see in our financials where quarter-after-quarter if you look at our restructuring around, right, we've done work in that area. Where we are today from a cost standpoint in our Life Sciences business, because that was the question, we feel comfortable with where we are, given where the volume levels are. To your point, as the volumes start to turn, the leverage on that is going to be a point where the margin rates are going to expand. As I think about how we're going to be thinking about this business long-term, it is all about, balancing our cost structure in a way where it physically volume levels. We don't have any specific plans today to take any more cost out.
Eric Ashleman: But I think coming back to, kind of how we manage it and maybe then applying some hindsight in whether or not we would have done a different. I mean, I would put the same for all IDEX businesses, that the places where we've the most careful are areas of domain expertise, technical know-how and, customer relationships. We're really, really careful with those. Because look at these programs and the lifecycle in these risk-averse areas they only change and come around so often even when it's in a market as dynamic as this one. And so if you're not staffed and ready to go. And I use my comments earlier here about, this might seem like a counter-intuitive part of the cycle where business is down, we're wondering when it's going to recover, and yet the innovation moves are actually really active. And again maybe counter intuitively because customers are struggling with some maybe potentially their own resource allocation abilities. That actually dials in quite favorably to our ability to help solve problems with our people. And so think of that is like a very solid core that's sort of under-glass and we're very, very careful about going near it. Labor obviously labor markets have eased up a bit. Frankly, it's easier to flex them and so some of what Abhi is talking about under the year we've made those moves. We've taken variable resources out that can be brought back in we think quite easily should we need to go up, but that technical core kind of remains. The other thing that we leverage really, really well at IDEX and I think do it quite intuitively as frankly when we look at our leaders. All of our leaders are kind of ready when they need comes to be able to go do more, because they're really-- we have a flat organizational structure and we're close to the point of impact anyways. And so, avoidance is actually a big thing, cost avoidance and holding back additions. We are actually able to flex that muscle a lot more than most companies. And so when, environments are here and we're starting to see the early signs we can sort of be really careful and hold back because we've got the deployment plans that allows very smart people to get close to the action and step in. So, I think it's those two things working around frankly a labor environment that's healthier for some of that flexing that you just would want to do. All of which says that in the early days of demand run up back to Abhi's points on margin expansion, we always perform very well as we're coming out of a period like this for all of these reasons. The leverage is kind of its highest point.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. Thank you for the mini-education there Eric and I look forward to meeting you Abhi. Thanks.
Abhi Khandelwal: Same here. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hey. Good morning, all.
Abhi Khandelwal: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Linzey: Hey. Just wanted to come back to the, distribution MRO and some of the stabilization you're seeing there, good to see. Just curious, on the other side around CapEx and planning assumptions among your customers. Has the tone changed in terms of capital outlays and things of that nature and what are you expecting in those types of businesses for the year?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean, you kind of see that large project work and large capital in primarily in our water business to some degree you see it, of course, that's municipal capital, be it in energy, a little bit in pharma. So I mean, in those zones, I would say it's early days and modest, but it is positive. So these would be small expansion opportunities or projects that they've been talking about for a while that they want to now start to get moving. I don't know that in many of them I would say you're at the, kind of mega project level or we're ready to go, or it's been sanctioned, but to be fair, that's the usual step-up when things get more positive. So we are hearing some good indications, from a variety of different markets, about more intentional capital deployment. Not yet at the levels of kind of full-cycle supporting multi-quarter or even year in duration, but good early signs that it's actually quite different than what we saw in a lot of 2023.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Got it. And then just one last one on the margin outlook for this year. So 28% EBITDA margins, I was hoping you might be able to provide a little bit of context and dimension to the segment levels. FMT, specifically, I'm interested with that, softer, but how are you thinking about the, outlook for the segments around that 28%?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah, absolutely. I can do that for you. So as you saw in our guide for '24 for the company is 28%. So if you think about HST, I think as we exit the year, you're going to start to see our margins come closer to 30%, as the volumes flexes back up in the back half of the year. On the FMT side, you should expect slight bit of margin expansion on top of what you saw in 2023. And about the FSDP side, you should expect to see slight margin erosion due to the, completion of the big-box retailer refresh cycle, which puts some mix pressure on the margin line But again, HST you should see expansion, FMT slight bit of expansion and FSD a little bit of contraction, tied to dispensing.
Brett Linzey: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you good morning everyone. A lot covered here, so maybe I'll zoom out and Eric, maybe just a little bit longer-term perspective here. Some talk about, being positioned for the recovery and the like I just wonder your confidence level or your view on sort of normalized organic growth for the company, right? We've come through this tumultuous three years, but looking at it through the lens of kind of, your pre-COVID growth rate 2011 to 2019 was 3% or 4% organic, on average, it sounds like from Abhi's comment, maybe there's another point of price in the future relative what you have. But what is your confidence level that, maybe putting aside kind of a snapback here in 2025 that you're at a higher level of organic growth going forward on a normalized basis?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. Well, I appreciate the question and that's absolutely where we're heading. And so think of this as two levers primarily that we're moving. One is just the nature of the portfolio of IDEX. So, we've been more aggressive towards capital deployment. Everything we're bringing into IDEX today is inherently in faster-growing markets than, let's say, more of the industrial core that we see, most notably in FMT. So, the comparative basis that's tuning. We haven't done a lot of pruning on the other side, it's fairly modest. But to the extent we're doing it, that's actually moving that portfolio average up as well. And then, if with reasonable market support sort of absent massive swings of either way, as you suggested, I think we've long been targeting 200 basis points to 300 basis points of outperformance and everything we're working on today is moving that towards the upper bound of that run-out. So if you think of a world that let's say would start to dial itself in more from a fundamental perspective towards something in the 2% to 3% range and sort of natural entitlement. And maybe that's lifting from there because of the work that we're doing, as I mentioned, and then out performance above it, it has us, moving into a space where we're targeting mid-single-digit growth for IDEX. On an organic basis. With then obviously some, fundamental capital deployment on top of it, which would then extend the overall organic rate of the company. It's absolutely the area of focus, has been for a while and we're really, we're excited about potentially taking out some of the forces that have been swinging up-and-down and sideways making that hard to see.
Jeff Sprague: And where do you stand on the view of price, right? You have more than normal still in 2024. There is some argument out there that industrial companies have, developed more price muscle coming through this period. Do you think, there's kind of durable stickiness in the 2% range or do we sort of head back to something more like one over time?
Abhi Khandelwal: Well, look, first of all. I think to your point, where the world is we're not back to the inflation levels that we were at, pre-pandemic. I mean even if you look at the near-term view it's still at what 2.5%, 3%. So are we going to hang on to where we are today? No. Does that mean we're going to, go back to where they used to be back in the historical levels? No, it's going to be somewhere in the middle. But looking at 2024, we feel pretty good about our position and where we are from a price cost standpoint.
Eric Ashleman: And, I would say, here, I think this is a point of absolute point of competitive advantage for us, where price capture, we've always been in the price capture game. And we've done that because of our positioning and our innovation with great customers. Period. So, yes, we've come through a phase here where kind of everybody got price, because you had to. But, I think as the world normalizes here as Abhi says we'll probably land a little north of where we've been, as long as the underlying, core inflation stays a little harder too. So we'll maintain the spread that you'd expect. But I'm really proud and I think we will be noticed to be noticeably differentiated because of this core capability that we have to differentiate in sticky markets with risk-averse customers that reward us when we do our job well.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. And just one other quick one. What percent of your total Life Sciences and Analytical is in China at this point?
Eric Ashleman: I mean, we don't have a lot of direct business there, we're kind of following customers. So it's closer-- a better ratio would be what percentage of their business is in China, which is-- I mean it's a fraction. It's less than 20% plus or minus depending on the sector that we're involved with. But again that's-- it's kind of an indirect vectoring for us there. We don't have a lot of feet on the ground there in a direct way.
Jeff Sprague: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with BNP. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Abhi Khandelwal: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Just wanted to -- on Slide 10, you gave a great breakdown of kind of where you're thinking things shake out, where they're going by end-market. I'm wondering HST, margins really kind of struggled towards the end of the year there. That Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation piece, how do we think about it from a mix standpoint because you mentioned mix a few times, I imagine if that were to come back this year that could be a nice bonus for your margins.
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah. Just so I make myself clear. The mix that we were talking about was the mix of the dispensing business causing pressure in 2024 since the refresh cycle with the big-box retailers were over. But to go back to your question, if I think about the Life Sciences business and think about volumes coming back, I think as Eric mentioned just where we are positioned on our cost structure as the business has come back and we still see a little help from volume, you should see our margins expand in our HST segment throughout the year.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. In FMT, I thought that was surprising the growth you saw this quarter. How much is attributed to really like some of the government stimulus you're seeing? And is that where some of your confidence is coming in '24?
Eric Ashleman: I mean, that's out there to some extent, it's probably most directly linked to spaces like water within it. But that's a small part of the overall segment. It's an indirect relationship for us. So to the extent that is one of the elements that's out there as a backstop, providing some confidence. Yes, it of course correlates. I would say more generally, for me this is it's just a healthier view from a number of folks that think it's time to be confident, lean into their markets, stop reaping inventory out of the system and kind of get to work. Again, just to make sure everybody can 3D think this through. So they're building a lot of roads out there. I'll use that as an example, or if they're starting to fix them with abandon. We've got a lot of pumps and things that are involved in pumping liquid asphalt. So that's kind of a nature of some of these relationships. So you can line up both government-intensive work that's supported that way as well as just general industrial are people feeling confident about the work that they're doing in their factories. Either one and taken together drive this dynamic.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yeah. All right. Thanks for the color.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joe Giordano with TD, Cowen. Please proceed with your questions.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. Thanks for sneaking me in here. I had a question on HST just on the revenue guide. I was a little surprised at the strength there and I know you guys don't guide to orders, specifically. But if you just kind of hold orders around the fourth-quarter level, maybe a little bit above into the 2024 and just run off the excess orders that were done like post-COVID when book-to-bill was really high it kind of implies like a decent decline next year. So, I was curious if you're contemplating, in order of recovery of more magnitude in 2024 for HST?
Abhi Khandelwal: Yeah. So if I kind of think about the guide for the year and look at the order-- sequential order run up from Q3 to Q4, as you mentioned. First of all, the uptick in orders of $30 million from Q3 to Q4 $10 million of that was blanket orders. That's going to ship throughout 2024 and $20 million of debt was through demand or sequential improvement that we saw throughout the quarter. That said, as I think about 2024, we do expect to build or build the orders up as we go throughout the year. As Eric mentioned, we are being cautious, given where we are seeing early signs of recovery in the different parts of HST. So as you think about the order profile and think about the balance of the year, we expect to continue to build that order book up and ship that throughout the year.
Eric Ashleman: And then just a reminder that, again, about half the segment is pretty industrial in nature, so it kind of mirrors a lot of the other comments that we've had many of them around FMT businesses, but you get about half of that, driving and supporting HST as well.
Joe Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session and I will turn the call over to Eric Ashleman for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, thanks everyone on the call for your questions and the interest in IDEX. Abhi, thanks for joining and coming to your first earnings call with me. Just a few things here. I mean, number one, we realize from the outside, IDEX is a complex and diversified company. And it hasn't helped that we've had a lot of, swings in some of the larger markets of the company, both up-and-down over the last couple of years. So, we've done our best to work through that with you and help you understand where we are. I think right now that we're actually in a place where things are a lot clearer than they've been in a while. Certainly, one of our key messages here is we've hit a uniform market stability, we hit that last fall and we really enjoyed Q4 and being having a chance to take a breath and get lined up here for the beginnings of what we think will be a great cycle. The vast majority of our end markets are starting to see a return to growth, as we said and I think that point around the shorter cycle business is starting to move together. That has always been a very reliable proxy for us in the company. Early days, but we've seen that, we've now seen it reinforced in January. And I remind people that as we've tuned IDEX and tuned it to the kind of companies that we brought in that are faster-growing closer to really, really strong OEMs, it drives a series of bets and initiatives across the company where the unit measure is a little bit larger. We're working to execute that and laying that on a foundation as we go. The fundamental piece of the story here is, we have confidence in accelerating through the year. The Life Sciences and Analytical Instrumentation world, it is uncertain for 2024. But I do want to come back and just echo some comments I've made before about just our commitment to that space and are confident in the long-term fundamental performance that we're all going to enjoy there and our positioning is fantastic. We see that evidenced by the innovation that we're being asked to do. And finally, we put a lot of capital to work over the last three years with real intentionality in some pretty choppy seas. And so if things are going to calm down and we'll get some more winds at our back, I'm really, really confident we'll be able to push that further, and continue to do that work and continue to transform the company. So thanks again for joining. Have a great day.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to IDEX Corporation's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Allison Lausas. Thank you. You may begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter 2023 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3 months ending September 30, 2023. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President. Today, we will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX's business. I will then discuss IDEX's third quarter financial results, an update on segment performance in the markets they serve, and our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2023. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll-free number (877) 660-6853 and entering conference ID 13734464, or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I have some important news on Slide 5. Before turning to our results and outlook, I'd like to introduce Allison Lausas, who is serving as our interim CFO. Allison has been with us for over 2 years, serving as our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. She also leads our Investor Relations and financial planning and analysis functions. During her tenure at IDEX, Allison has done an outstanding job, serving as a strong partner to our former CFO, Bill Grogan, and myself. Thank you, Allison, for all you're doing in your expanded interim role. And I'd also like to thank Bill for his many years of service at IDEX. Also, as you saw in our release yesterday, we are pleased to announce that Abhi Khandelwal is joining IDEX in November as our next CFO. Abhi joins us from Multi-Color Corporation, a global packaging services and label solutions provider, where he served as CFO. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and CFO of CIRCOR International. He previously worked at IDEX for over 10 years, serving as my financial partner during most of my term as COO. We're thrilled to have him back with us, and I consider us very fortunate to have leaders like Abhi and Allison at the top of our finance organization. With that, I'll turn to our Q3 performance. I'm on Slide 7. IDEX delivered strong results in the third quarter, delivering robust profitability in an environment where volumes are stabilizing at lower levels. We also generated excellent cash flows as we continue to execute on our cost containment and inventory reduction plans. I'd like to thank our IDEX teams around the globe for their contributions in driving these outstanding results. This was very solid execution in a difficult environment. Recall that we expected our industrial and municipal markets within FMT and FSDP to reach the end of an elongated and moderate destocking cycle within the third quarter. That played out as expected. Our analytical instrumentation, life sciences, pharma and semicon markets within HST largely held at equilibrium in Q3 and bounced along the bottom after an unprecedented rapid destocking cycle in the first half of the year. Taken together, this moves IDEX into a very natural position, where lead times, backlogs and next quarter visibility, all aligned with typical pre-pandemic profiles. Looking forward, we continue to see divergence between end market prospects. There are discrete attractive opportunities within each of our segments, many of which are tied to transformational catalysts within environmental sustainability or critical infrastructure. Examples include water analytics, space broadband and battery production. These sit within a broader framework of uncertainty driven by macro concerns that include higher interest rates and expanding geopolitical risk. More specifically, demand rebounds for our most pressured HST businesses appear to have moved out a bit into 2024. We continue to believe that organizational agility, speed of decision-making, outstanding business quality and a strong culture serve us well to navigate the twists and turns ahead. We can both dynamically assign capital and resources to our best near-term opportunities, while we stay focused on our long-term strategy of profitable growth outperformance. In terms of capital deployment, M&A continues to be a top focus. Within our funnel builds, we are aggressively following complementary threads between our most growth advantaged businesses and technologies as we seek to build our breakthrough competitive advantage. We did this recently with our Nexsight acquisition, expanding our reach within water analytics through enhanced hardware and software capabilities. Our Iridian acquisition earlier this year boosted integrated capabilities within thin-film optics. Our inorganic pipeline is robust and of high quality, allowing us to engage in M&A with discipline and strong strategic intent. And our balance sheet has ample capacity to continue to execute on our best opportunities. Finally, we divested our Micropump business during the quarter and repaid $150 million on our term note facility. As we continue to focus on long-term growth, occasional portfolio realignment will occur. We expect this transfer of ownership will better position Micropump as it joins a collection of like-minded businesses, focused on similar technologies and customers. I would like to express my appreciation for all the Micropump team has done since joining IDEX in 1995. With that, I'll turn it over to Allison to discuss our financial results.
Allison Lausas: Thanks, Eric. Moving on to our third quarter consolidated financial results on Slide 9. All comparisons are against the third quarter of 2022, unless otherwise stated. Orders of $712 million were down 9% overall and down 11% organically. We experienced an organic decrease within our HST and FMT segment and organic growth in FSD. Sales of $793 million were down 4% overall and down 6% organically. We experienced a 15% organic decrease in HST and a 1% decrease in FMT. FSD revenues grew organically by 3%. Gross margin of 44.1% decreased by 220 basis points compared with last year. Adjusted gross margin decreased 90 basis points, primarily due to lower volume leverage and unfavorable mix, which was partially offset by strong operational productivity and price costs. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.4%, down 30 basis points. I will discuss the drivers of adjusted EBITDA on the next slide. On a GAAP basis, our Q3 effective tax rate of 20.2% was lower than our effective rate in the third quarter of 2022 of 21.8%. The rate was driven down by both the finalization of research expenditure capitalization treatment that served to increase tax benefits on foreign source income and a tax election related to the Muon acquisition that reduced our minimum tax on foreign earnings. These favorable rate items were partly offset by tax recorded on the gain from the Micropump divestiture and are not expected to have a significant impact on our fourth quarter rate. Net income was $209 million, which resulted in GAAP EPS of $2.75. Adjusted net income was $161 million, with adjusted EPS of $2.12, which is down $0.02 or 1%. The lower tax rate contributed $0.11 of adjusted EPS favorability in the current quarter compared to both the prior year and the midpoint of our third quarter guidance. Finally, cash from operations of $227 million was up 14%, primarily due to lower working capital, driven by inventory reductions. Free cash flow for the quarter was $207 million, up 14% versus last year and achieved a conversion rate of 129% of adjusted net income. We drove over $25 million of inventory out of the business in the third quarter through our targeted reduction efforts, and we saw inventory turns remain consistent with last quarter due to lower sales. Moving on to Slide 10, which details the drivers of our third quarter adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $6 million compared to the third quarter 2022. Our 6% organic sales reduction unfavorably impacted adjusted EBITDA by $37 million flowing through at our prior year adjusted gross margin rate. Price cost was accretive to margins, and we drove operational productivity that offset employee-related inflation. Mix was unfavorable by $6 million, mainly centered in HST, due to continued volume declines in our analytical instrumentation, life science and semiconductor components. Resource and discretionary spending was favorable versus last year, as we continue to execute on our cost containment plan given the top line pressure we are experiencing. Reductions in variable compensation expense contributed $8 million of benefit in the quarter. These results yielded a negative 31% organic flow-through. Overall, our team's focus on cost containment and resource reallocation has effectively managed our revenue decline, ensuring continuity of our most valuable resources has IDEX well positioned to recover and grow back stronger than before when market dynamics turn favorable. Muon and Iridian acquisitions, net of Knight and Micropump divestitures and FX contributed an additional $9 million of adjusted EBITDA. With that, I'll provide a deeper look at our segment performance. I'm on Page 11. In our Fluid & Metering technology segment, orders decreased by 5% organically, mainly due to an expected slowdown in our industrial businesses and continued customer destocking in our agriculture business. Sales decreased by 1% organically, driven by this destocking impact, partly offset by favorable energy, chemical and water performance. We began to see our industrial order day rates decline in the second quarter of this year, and they remain steady at that level throughout the third quarter. Although our customers continue to exercise caution, due to recession concerns and lower energy prices, we see tailwinds tied to domestic infrastructure initiatives and within mining. Within agriculture, we continue to experience the impact of distribution destocking, exacerbated by declining net farm incoming crop prices. Our delivery continues to outperform our competitors, and we are focused on targeted share gain to offset this pressure. Additionally, the acquisition of KZValve and the adoption of its automated actuation technology is delivering strong results. On the energy side, we continue to execute well, driving down backlogs and lead times. Underlying market demand remains steady, but we expect to see revenue declines versus third quarter as our backlog position normalizes. In the chemical market, we continue to see positive results across the U.S., Europe and Asia, with pharma and battery applications providing opportunities for growth. Our water business continues to exhibit growth. Our opportunity funnels are increasing, and we see no signs of municipal project funding delays as we approach 2024. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 50 basis points compared to last year, primarily due to strong price cost and favorable operational productivity more than offsetting lower volume leverage. Moving to the HST segment. We experienced a 24% organic orders decrease and a 15% organic sales decrease, mainly due to pressure across the life sciences, analytical instrumentation and semiconductor markets as well as industrial market performance similar to that within FMT. Adjusted EBITDA margins contracted by 410 basis points, primarily due to lower volume leverage and unfavorable mix, partially offset by strong price cost and favorable operational productivity. Our analytical instrumentation business continues to experience customers destocking, which remains driven by China softness, lower pharma-biopharma spending and overall caution around the global economy. We expect that performance will remain stable at this level in the fourth quarter, with improvement in 2024. We see a similar trend within our life science business. Semiconductor continues to experience softness with the expectation that the market has reached a bottom in the third quarter. We anticipate a broader market will begin to recover at some point in 2024. We continue to see positive results stemming from our space, broadband laser communication initiatives, which are bolstered by Iridian's technological capabilities. Our material processing technology business continues to experience softness across pharma markets but are seeing some early signs of improvement within biopharma, food and nutrition as well as tailwinds connected to leveraging our technology and battery production application. Industrial markets and HST slowed in the quarter, in line with FMT's results. Finally, turning to our Fire & Safety Diversified Products segment. Organic orders grew by 2% versus third quarter last year and organic sales grew 3%, with strong fire and safety results more than offsetting destocking at BAND-IT. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded by 150 basis points, primarily due to strong price cost and favorable operational productivity, partially offset by unfavorable mix and lower volume leverage. The paint market remains mixed. The uncertain global macro environment is driving consumer confidence lower, while at the same time, the construction market in North America remains strong. Within our fire business, we do not see any significant changes to North America fire OEM production capacity. We continue to win through value-add integrated systems and technology and standardized offerings that enable higher OEM throughput. Our Europe and Asia businesses remain steady. Rescue performance remains steady as well, although we are seeing some signs of North American budget delays and inventory reduction due to high borrowing costs. BAND-IT continues to outperform a relatively flat U.S. auto market due to having content on high-priority vehicles. There is some pressure on the energy side, driven by lower oil prices, and we experienced some destocking within aviation. With that, I would like to provide an update on our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2023. I'm on Slide 12. In Q4, we are projecting GAAP EPS to range from $1.50 to $1.55 and adjusted EPS to range from $1.74 to $1.79. Organic revenue is expected to decline 8% to 9% and adjusted EBITDA margins are expected to be about 26%. We expect that our HST revenues will be slightly unfavorable versus our previous guide, offset by FMT volumes landing better than expected. Equally, our strong execution in the third quarter allowed us to work through our backlog faster than expected. This is driving an equal and offsetting $0.05 of impact to third quarter results and fourth quarter expectations. Turning to the full year 2023. We are maintaining our full year organic revenue guidance of down 1% to 2%. At the midpoint, we have raised our EPS guidance by $0.20, with approximately $0.11 driven by lower third quarter effective tax rate and the remainder coming from third quarter operational outperformance, partly offset by $0.05 of revenue timing due to accelerated backlog burn in the third quarter. In summary, we estimate full year organic revenue contraction of 1% to 2% to yield GAAP EPS of $7.91 to $7.96 and adjusted EPS of $8.13 to $8.18. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 27.5%. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be about $80 million, and free cash flow is expected to be 100-plus percent of adjusted net income. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: First, start with congratulations on the CFO news. We've heard from a couple of former IDEX executives who are seeing obvious praises. So that's fabulous you got him to rejoin. And then can I add my thanks to Allison for all her help in her role as interim CFO.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks for both comments.
Allison Lausas: Thank you.
Deane Dray: So maybe, Eric, for some big picture questions, macro. You're great at kind of synthesizing all the different inputs here and having knows that macro is giving us a lot of mixed signals. But maybe just click through like the day rates, that started to slow in the second quarter. What's your take on that? Lead times and anything from your leading businesses, like BAND-IT and Warren Rupp, that suggests how things are going to play out over the near term?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I mean, we often refer to those as the kind of canaries in our coal mine. And we discretely track about five of those businesses and keep an eye on weekly order rates and do it at the sort of small order flow day-to-day stuff level. We parse out projects. What we can see in there is, frankly, between the second and the third quarter, they're almost dead on flat. So the kind of moderate destocking cycle that we predicted at the beginning of the year, I think, largely played out through the first half of the year and frankly, moderated. Even quarter to -- month-to-month within the quarter, we didn't see a lot of changes there. So what that says is kind of our distributors because there's a lot in that world. Our end users, all of us were kind of back to the right inventory position based on our quick replenishment, our fast lead times. And now I think it goes into the question of sort of an uncertain environment, when does it start to flex upward? Those would be the businesses. Of course, we would watch to see early indications of that. So for right now, it's flattened out. It's holding. There's decent activity out there. There's certainly opportunities here and there, but not signaling any further trouble and waiting to see if it brings forth some more encouraging signs.
Deane Dray: And then the second question is in HST in the Analytical Instruments Life Sciences, and I'll preface this with -- no one has gotten this right so far. Just the -- whether it's the Thermo and Danaher and that whole group, it's been pretty fluid. And so I wanted to just see your degree of confidence that we're bottoming here because there's some suggestion that it's not just destocking, but there might be some end market demand here in this equipment, the analytical instrument side, some demand falling off. So it seems to have gotten worse in October. So just your degree of confidence, how does this calibrate the first half of '24 for this business for you?
Eric Ashleman: I want to take a little time here because I think I got to set our context in relation to those comments in the environment you described. First of all, as I said in the prepared remarks, I mean, we're talking about four buckets of business primarily that kind of fall into this category. Analytical instruments, life science, of course, that's the larger piece of it. Pharma exposure as well as semicon, that's about half of HST, and that's the piece that we're describing when we walk through this. Then I want to back up and say, if you think about time line, you actually have to go back, we're almost a year into this, for us. Because of the short clinical nature, we actually saw some of this noise in Q4 of last year. And as you said, we and others, I think, have to get our heads around the fact that it's actually been a series of additive components that's played out here over the course of that year. Initially, thought it was just simply aggressive demand turning to something more moderate. Of course, we felt that in our businesses in Q4. Then, it was a reexamination of inventory positions and just frankly, seeing way too much of it at many points. And of course, that destocking played out. I think here in the second and third quarter, it's been kind of a second or third inning, if you will, of some concerns about some macro forces, probably the most significant being China's contribution or lack thereof as we -- going forward relative to what it has been in earlier periods. So there's kind of three things that played out. What I think that's done for us is, of course, we felt that pretty aggressively in the earlier piece. So there's a lot of businesses because of the component nature of the products we make. And here more moderately in the last quarter, and I can see that our backlog position, our visibility within the quarter, our kind of inventory position in factories where we supply, that's an equilibrium. So I don't see any more external forces or things that would come in there simply trying to unwind the past. That does mean, frankly, that we're kind of open to the recovery loop that's ahead of us and the uncertainty of when it will occur and how it might play out. And again, Deane, I back up a little bit and say, we're hitting that from four different levels. So while there could be some things that fall off in other places as people kind of think about demand and where they may go, maybe some of those are in the life science arenas, that we're going to have some other things that are going to potentially be working against that, that may wash that out in the interim. So equilibrium is a little bit more of a variable term for us. But I think those abnormal shocks to the system that we saw play out over the last year or so. We're essentially seeing that those are behind us. And now, like everybody else, we can lean forward, go and kind of poke the customer level and take a look at what people are doing in innovation streams and start to plan our course from here.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird.
Mike Halloran: So I want to follow up to both those questions Deane asked. So just to make sure I'm clear on what you're saying on the life science analytical instrumentation side. You're not necessarily saying that you're expecting the end market to recover from here in some sort of linear fashion or anything like that? You're just saying sell-in is at the point where it's matching with sell-out? Or am I misinterpreting that?
Eric Ashleman: No, I think that's good. You probably summarized it a little better than I did, but I was trying to make sure people can understand that context for us. Again, we're -- what's really important to recognize here, we're inside the life science instrument at the component level or inside the lithography instruments. So these are critical items, very fast replenishment. And so yes, I was describing us kind of unwinding a series of unnatural patterns, but we are now in sync. And we're in sync and essentially open to the same variability that, that end market is at this point.
Mike Halloran: Exactly. And so as you get into next year, that's where the variability hits, but at least the comps are easy starting from, call it, mid-4Q onward type range?
Eric Ashleman: Well, yes, certainly, as the year progresses, the comps get increasingly easier.
Mike Halloran: Got it. And then you talked about the short cycle side of things. From a destock perspective, that makes a lot of sense. Maybe higher level, how are you thinking about the economically sensitive parts of your business as we head into '24? The risk profile, as you're seeing in, doesn't sound like the day rates are saying that there's much worsening going on, but maybe some of that's being clouded by the destock piece. So just some help as we think on a full [indiscernible].
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, it is interesting. I think the industrial system is still performing at a pretty high level. I mean the day rates that we're talking about here, that flatness that I described in those canary levels, that's a pretty healthy business that suggests people are working, factories are producing things and putting it to work. Certainly around it, though, discussions around longer-term commitments or things that are going to happen in the spring of next year, I mean, they're just -- they're harder conversations to have because of all the uncertainty that people are feeling, pick anything from the higher interest rate position on the increasing geopolitical risk that's out there, consequences of a major election in the U.S. next year, right? You can see to see a lot of people on the one side continuing to kind of forecast on the things that are happening day to day, but kind of backing up with a wait-and-see approach at a higher level just because of uncertainties for anything that sort of passed the horizon.
Mike Halloran: Yes, makes sense. One quick follow-up, a clarification for Allison. Did you say that $0.05 shifted from 4Q into 3Q? I just want to clarify what that statement was, Allison.
Allison Lausas: That's correct, Mike. So we can find more aggressive backlog pull down in third quarter. So it's just a shift of timing within the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: I guess I'll ask a question about the order rates here. The order rates in FMT, the actual dollars aboard is a bit lower in 3Q than in 2Q and orders in HST in 3Q a bit lower than 2Q. Is it possible for you to kind of separate out what you think is a decline in customer backlogs versus what actual decline in end market demand? And I guess what I'm trying to get at here is, if you're talking about inventory correction having happened and we moved to selling more towards sell-through, wouldn't that imply then that you should see sequential improvement in the actual dollars of orders in both of those businesses as we move into the fourth quarter?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. But well, look, again, I put a lot of weight on the predictive abilities of those early indicator businesses that we have to talk a lot about sort of day-to-day, how the system is operating. So I think that -- again, that stability means a lot. In this environment, order patterns do change a little bit. Remember, an earlier comment I had there for Mike, I mean I think you're seeing people moving to shorter increments of order patterns. They know now companies like -- I mean, certainly, IDEX, we can deliver with faster replenishment. Our customer satisfaction metrics are really good. So if you feel any uncertainty, you don't have to give us nearly the same kind of visibility in your order requirements that you had to 2 quarters ago or a year ago. So I think you do see a piece of that, that changes in the order profiling, more of a order it as you go. And so -- again, we ate into some pretty aggressive backlog along the way. At any time lead times keep coming down, I mean that does tend to influence order patterns for folks on the other side. So I think it's things like that playing out, by and large, around a pretty stable base, especially on the industrial side. To me, says, I think this is a stable environment, but one that's looking for the next catalyst.
Nathan Jones: I guess my follow-up question, I know you guys don't do a lot of large projects, but you have stuff that goes into larger projects. And I think investors have been concerned that rising interest rates business in inflation, are changing the dynamics, changing the ROI for customers on those investments. Can you talk about what you're seeing on customers' willingness to let out these larger capital projects? I know historically, you've seen people hesitate in these kinds of environments. So just any color you can give us on what you're seeing there.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, that's probably a piece of the answer to your last question as well. I mean the certainty around projects like that is not very good. And you've got some people that are -- they're still talking about them, but they start to move that time horizon. We're getting closer to 2024 like a magnet. And so it becomes a reference point and a point in the calendar where people are pointing to when things might come to fruition in that side of it. Again, contextually for us, that's not all of our businesses, but we'll see it as part of a planned expansion commitment or something like that for food or something related to infrastructure. So those kind of discrete things that require a lot of capital will come together, a lot of planning. I think there is a lot more uncertainty around them. And it's -- instead, it's kind of running the current system faster and a little bit longer before you rebuild it due to that same level of uncertainty.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: So Eric, I just want to go back to HST. One of the things IDEX has been known for is investing through the cycle. Could you maybe talk to the new product development cycle in analytical instrumentation, life sciences? Or maybe even how you're thinking about that investment? Has that slowed at all? Should we expect maybe a slower organic coming out of this? Just any thoughts there.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I'm actually glad you mentioned that because, in many ways, at ground level in those businesses, you kind of see two realities sitting side by side, and they're actually quite different. One is the near-term reactive reality of what's happened over here in the last year, where order levels are and what daily requirements are, lots of cost containment and being super crisp around productivity and just getting the product out. But even at the customer level, I mean, I think you see that entire world is spending a lot of time thinking through, okay, what do we need to do to innovate to get ahead of the game in the next cycle? Because I can't find anybody that doesn't see that there's going to be something more positive coming here. The same mega trends that have been driving that sector forever are not very far out ahead of us and will occur again. But when they do, we're seeing at the customer level and within our business is a real step-up in terms of innovative steps to get after it. I was talking to Terra Teresa, who runs our businesses there, and she's describing some of the projects that we're working on in conjunction with really significant customers. And it's some of the highest degrees of innovation jumps that I've frankly, seen in the last few years. So I think there's actually a very purposeful, collaborative arrangement here to talk about where this industry is going to go. And as it comes out, this is one of the reasons I think we try to stay as fast nimble as we can, so we can put capital and resources to those best opportunities and, frankly, overfeed them in times like this. So you've actually called it exactly how we see it at a ground level.
Allison Poliniak: That's great. That's good color. And then a small divestiture, as you think of the portfolio today, obviously, a very unusual cycle here. Was this sort of just a one-off? Or is this something that you think we might see more of as we go forward here? Just any thoughts.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I think it was -- it's a nice little business. I think as we looked at it, we just don't have a lot of technology that's similar. We didn't see necessarily an ability to scale it. And larger-scale versions of it tend to be in markets that are not as attractive for us. So I do think that level of thinking is something that we do constantly, and you could see it play out that way from time to time. But I wouldn't view it just as this one as a massive transformational shift in portfolio for IDEX. But as we increasingly think about -- look, what we're trying to do here is drive growth outperformance, a little tighter integrated ability between the pieces of IDEX. I referenced that in the opening comments. Things that kind of stand-alone that don't have that ability to scale, we're going to take a look at, assess that carefully. And then it seems like the right decision is a potential different element, then we'll continue to make those choices. But I wouldn't sum it up to something more aggressive than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup.
Vlad Bystricky: So maybe just one more on HST. I know you previously talked about an expectation for semicon markets to stabilize during 3Q with recovery, I think, beginning in 4Q. I don't know if I missed it, but maybe you can give us more color on how semicon markets specifically are trending versus your prior expectations and your views on the likely trajectory of semicon-related demand going forward?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Again, it's an important, but a small part of IDEX at less than 10%. But I think I think that one is pushed further into 2024. I mean it's stable here. We're certainly -- and we hit it from a variety of levels. We're in fabs. We're in metrology instruments. We're in memory. We're in sophisticated sides of it. And so we see it from a whole bunch of different spots, but I think all of it suggests the recovery of that sector is a little bit further out into 2024. We're certainly close to those customers. We're critical. They can't do much with our parts and components. So we'll get that intelligence, but I suspect the order ramp will start somewhere out into 2024.
Vlad Bystricky: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just shifting to FSDP. Again, on the orders that FSDP took a step down sequentially. So I guess just any color on, is there something seasonal there? Or just how you're thinking about FSDP orders evolving into 4Q and going forward?
Allison Lausas: Sure, Vlad. No, I can take that. That's really the step down due to dispensing as that replenishment cycle did come to an end there. So you see that slowdown in the third quarter. You'll see it also a bit into fourth. But also in fourth quarter, we've got a bit of seasonality in Fire & Rescue, fewer production days.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer: I joined the conversation and the education on life sciences and HST has obviously been a bit more volatile than many expected. And I wonder if you could do almost like a 101, what normalization looks like? With the simpler question is, what drives customer purchasing? Is it your customers' volumes? Is it innovation cycles? Is it CapEx cycles and confidence cycles? Just how your products flow through that life cycle?
Eric Ashleman: No, I appreciate it, Rob. So look, this is -- first of all, it's a super direct business. So we're talking with a relatively concentrated customer set of leading OEMs. So it's quite different from many other parts of IDEX in that respect. Up until the pandemic and some of the forces that we've seen here in the last 3 or 4 years, it's not typically been a very cyclical kind of industry. It's generally stayed at the kind of mid- to high single digits depending on where we sort of jump in, with the exception of the semi portion, of course. In all cases, you can think of this as -- these are platform-centric businesses. So an innovation stream comes in, somebody is looking to move to the next level, and it's either their instrument, or their lithography machine, or their device, is moving up well ahead of that. Our engineers are in there on the design cycle and working on the spec points and you secure the spec. So essentially, it's a pretty classic platform business. Once you're in on a platform, you run the duration of it. And you're concurrently always working on different iterations of things in either early gestation or late. So it's very, very classically aligned that way. So you do have good visibility into plans for programs, plans for program launches the variable that you run into, of course, is the adoption, the runout of those devices, the take up, the inventory positions on them, all the things that we've talked about as we've kind of gone through the last year here.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. And if I -- I know there was a lot on that topic, but I appreciate it. And then if I can just go a little bit further field, just in the general acquisition market. You've seen cost of capital rising for private equity, perhaps faster than when you guys have pretty good cash flow are getting easier to win? Or any general characterization of that market? And I'll stop there.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I mean, certainly and for -- I mean we've tried here for the last 2 or 3 years to be very, very focused on, frankly, cultivating proprietary transactions. We're taking advantage a little bit of the environment where we're comfortable. We were planning components in niche environments. We often see things and interact with people that maybe are not as well-known in the outside world. So we depend on multiyear relationships and conversations to try to get ourselves to a position where frankly, there aren't a lot of competitors in line as we're looking at an asset. That's not always possible to the extent it isn't. I would agree that you've seen something quite different here with higher interest rates. There's obviously some levels because people that need a lot of debt financing can only get to and can't pass. That will allow a property to probably stay out and play longer with strategics like us and others that might be taking a look at it. So you could view that as quite positive. I would say on the other side, though, too, because of that environment, maybe here more recently, you see some others that are a little bit more reluctant to transact in that way because they want to wait for a recovery loop or better demand curves that would support higher valuations in terminal values. So I think it's probably a little bit of wash on that side. But in many ways, we've always considered this better for us if we're working it much more discretely a bit more in the weeds and ideally in a proprietary way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP.
Andrew Buscaglia: Looking into your FMT segment, your margins were so strong really on declining organic sales. I'm wondering, kind of tied to a question asked on HST. How do you invest from here with -- your orders are moderating or declining into year-end. How do you tie that to your margins in the context of protecting them? Or if your outlook, it sounds like everything is as expected. So do you continue to invest here? Just kind of seeing where your head is at with where that market is going and what it means for margins?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, a couple of things here. Well, first, I'm glad you noticed. I mean the FMT segment, in particular, I mean, has fantastic performance. Over the last couple of quarters, Q3 was really good. And what you're seeing there is, look, reasonable cost containment, we run them -- we're in those businesses pretty lean anyways. It's much easier to run them at a steady state than kind of the last few years have been. So that brings out our best. And frankly, our teams have recognized, they're doing their part from an IDEX side and really drive an outstanding performance. I would say from an investment profile, I mean these are businesses, some of which are 80, 90, 100 years old. They are really, really well positioned. They do very well in almost all versions of economic realities that are out there. So making sure that they stay innovative, well positioned with the right channel partners, out in the right places, that's something we're always thoughtful of. We -- typically, the investments when we talk about growth investments. They're generally people based. And they are often discrete additive things that we'll do to go at certain things like battery production to support mobility -- e-mobility economy or something like that. So we'll augment and make those investments, or not, depending on how we view kind of the staying in the outside world. But the base of the business, just the kind of core of the franchise, we are really, really careful of that to make sure that, that domain expertise that supports all that positioning, and differentiation and incredible margins is sound for any reality.
Andrew Buscaglia: And so that mid -- kind of mid-30s EBITDA margin well into the low 30s operating margins, is really sustainable in your view, even if those order trends continue to go negative, and organic sales just -- yes, it weakens into 2024?
Eric Ashleman: I mean there's a couple of things to keep in mind there. At any point, and we've seen it a couple of times over the last few years, if that business gets kind of close to flat or negative, the deleveraging side of things is really tough because of the strong contribution margins and our commitment to kind of maintain the core. So depending where things go, we always have to be aware of that. We are also at probably the best point of the price cost cycle here now. That's -- the spread that we're at today is probably not going to continue out into the future. We've always been a company that gets price. Of course, it's been more aggressive here lately with inflation. We're now at a point where those prices are sticky. There's some moderation on the inputs. This is the best part of the cycle, and this is the best part of the company that gets that pricing. So there's a little bit of a piece on here. I'd be careful of is assuming it's perpetual state, it's the good part of this part of the cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho.
Brett Linzey: Just one more on HST. So encouraging to see the stabilization and certainly, the recovery path is going to take some time to play out and figure out. But just in terms of the profit recovery on the other side, should we think of the businesses yielding a stronger-than-average incremental margin as they do or when they do recover? Or do you need some cost to come back? Any way to dimension that?
Allison Lausas: As we recover, they'll lever nicely. And so a longer-term expectation for the HST set of businesses is more in the EBITDA margins of 29%-plus.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. And then just shifting over to the comments you made on water. It sounds like the opportunity funnel is increasing. You might be able to size that. And is it related to some of the fiscal stimulus or other independent factors driving that strength?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I mean, the water side of things has been steady throughout. I would say it's indirectly related, of course, to a lot of the focused efforts to invest in our infrastructure. Frankly, the state of our infrastructure has now gotten to the point where it's impossible to look away from as well. We've seen that on a major scale in major cities, certainly here in the U.S. I think those two things together are putting in -- I've always thought of it as a warm blanket, multiyear blanket. It's just -- it takes a long time to spend money in that sector. These projects are just -- they take a long time to engineer rollout and go out there. And so no matter how discrete the kind of pop on funding might be, it's always going to have a little bit of an elongated run out. So we sort of view that as a comfortable blanket for businesses like ours and others that are in this sector. We've seen that. It's held up again in this quarter as well. I mean to dimensionalize it, you can look at the size of water in IDEX, and it's -- again, it's a nice piece of the portfolio, and we would see that it would stay at the upper end of the growth profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen.
Joe Giordano: I just want to clarify. A lot of the -- your customers and stuff in HST and the areas of weakness now have been kind of talking about October got worse. So I know that you were very clear that like the inventory situations and destocks have normalized, but what did your actual orders kind of look like in October relative to the rest of the quarter? Like do you think HST orders, should we be thinking up in dollars versus the third quarter and the fourth quarter? Does that make sense?
Eric Ashleman: Look, I'll let -- go ahead, Allison.
Allison Lausas: Sure. No, I think, on a pure dollar basis, we should expect to see some higher orders in the fourth quarter. But there is some blanket activity also that happens as we wrap the year.
Joe Giordano: Okay. So that maybe not necessarily a sign that things are improving, it's just kind of a seasonal order uptake?
Allison Lausas: That's right. We'll need to be -- we'll need to keep close watch.
Joe Giordano: At what point -- just extension of that, just given like the nature of that business and the fact that you're running kind of book-to-bill sub-1 there still. So like at what point, can you -- there's like an organic decline in HST kind of be like baked in for 2024? Like when do orders need to start to improve for that to be a positive number theoretically?
Eric Ashleman: Look, I think we'd have to monitor this pretty -- we obviously will through the balance of the fourth quarter. As always, everybody kind of does the same planning cycles at the same time. So that's the best opportunity for us to get in front of customers, talk about programs, things that they're launching, their confidence in them. I think we want to watch it quarter by quarter and stay super close to it. These are the most dynamic markets that we have in the whole place. I just -- I come back to kind of the comments I made. I think when Mike asked the question, he did such a good job summarizing it in the beginning. We're basically saying that we've taken all of the inventory-related noise out of this, and that's essentially the echo of the past. I will say, to the extent the industry heads in different directions here, we are in sync with it. We're a critical component supplier for folks that are making very sophisticated instruments and things for a variety of different markets and geographies. And we are somewhat dependent on -- we are completely dependent on their success, their call, the way that they're seeing that those markets are going to traverse. What we can do from our side is to provide, I think, a timely and relevant diagnostic. Mainly, because of the fact we're so short cycle. And we're going to feel and see those inflections sooner than almost anybody. And so with that in mind, we need to stay close to them. We'll understand all of those things. Again, it's four buckets of business for us, occasionally move at slightly different rates, and we can move resources around. So we'll see how it plays out as we go through '24.
Joe Giordano: That's fair. And just last, with the accelerated kind of backlog burn that you had this quarter, are there targeted opportunities to do that again in the fourth quarter in parts of your business?
Eric Ashleman: We still have a couple of businesses that have longer backlogs. I mean they're still working through generally because lingering issues in supply chains and elsewhere. We spoke of one in energy, where we talked about is pretty strong in the third quarter. A lot of that was us getting some more of that backlog out related to some consolidation stuff that we've done about a year ago. It's not many of them, but we do have a couple of other pockets in here that we're trying to get back down to kind of all IDEX level.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric Ashleman for closing comments.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, thanks for everybody for joining our call. And as I always do, I want to thank the members of the IDEX team that are on for really, really strong execution and performance in the quarter. I just -- a few comments here. I think there's certainly -- look, there's a lot of uncertainty out there in the environment. I think it's going to require a certain amount of patience. But as I think about IDEX and the things that we can control, here's what I know. I know our portfolio is in great shape. It's growing through M&A. It's well positioned, certainly to support long-term growth outperformance. I really think our flat and decentralized structure keeps us agile and nimble. We can move things around and resource things probably faster than anybody, and we do that each and every day. And our teams and leaders are outstanding and frankly, they're going to be outstanding plus one as Abhi joins us here in November. So with that, when things break, we'll be all set up here, I think, to really support a nice extended run for IDEX as the world starts to dial in, and respond to, frankly, the trends that we know are all coming. So with that, thanks for your support, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call Second Quarter 2023. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answers session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Allison Lausas, Vice-President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. You may begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Vice-President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX second-quarter 2023 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months ending June 30, 2023. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX's business. Then Bill will discuss second-quarter financial results, an update on segment performance in the markets they serve, and our outlook for the third-quarter and full-year 2023. Lastly, Eric will close the call with his final remarks. Following our prepared remarks we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID number 13734463 or simply log on to our company's homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. IDEX delivered record sales and adjusted earnings per share in the second-quarter along with strong free-cash flow. Our Fluid and Metering and Fire and Safety diversified products businesses delivered exceptional performance on strong market fundamentals, both posting strong organic growth and profitability, with FMT delivering an all-time high EBITDA margin. Our Health and Science Technologies segment continue to face challenges impacted by inventory destocking in our analytical instrumentation, life sciences, biopharma and semiconductor markets. Our teams within the segment drove double-digit organic growth over the last two years, admirably executing for customers and the business in very difficult conditions. Now, on the backside of the post-pandemic recovery, our OEM partners are aggressively reducing higher inventory levels, beginning with those suppliers that have demonstrated the quickest returns to pre-pandemic lead times. Our teams are appropriately balanced as they execute targeted cost reductions to mitigate a portion of these volume declines, drive strong cash-flow overall, and continue to innovate for our customers. During our last earnings call, our revised outlook for the year assumed our industrial businesses would slow moderately in the second-half, while our HST segment would experience a modest rebound. While our view on the industrial markets has not changed, we are no longer projecting recovery in HST volumes in the second-half of the year. Our outlook is based on revised forecasts from our key customers who are reevaluating their end-market demand alongside their current inventory levels. They're considering many factors overall, including supply-chain improvements, lower-than-expected growth in China, and overall macro pressures within their market verticals. This is a complex and rapidly evolving context, which played out for us in Q2 with a 27% year-over-year organic drop in HST orders. This moderating demand profile, net of our incremental cost containment actions drives an additional $0.45 of EPS pressure at the midpoint versus our previous guide. With that, as we noted in our press release, we are revising our full-year 2023 adjusted EPS guidance to $7.90 to $8 per share. Bill will discuss the specifics in greater detail during our segment and guidance updates. In the second-quarter, we also closed on the Iridian Spectral Technologies deal we announced earlier this year, adding another market leader in custom optical filter solutions serving the space, life science and telecommunications markets. We continue to focus on driving strong operational performance regardless of business environment, delivering and innovating for our customers. We're driving speed and agility within our businesses taking out inventory and driving world-class lead times, positioning us best for growth cycles to come. We remain committed to managing through the short-term while not losing focus on critical investments in the development of our people, in capital deployment and in our differentiated technologies to enable our long-term growth path and deliver above market performance over the cycle. With that, I will turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
William Grogan: Thanks, Eric. Moving on to our second-quarter consolidated financial results on slide eight. All comparisons are against the second-quarter of 2022, unless otherwise stated. Orders of $766 million were down 9% overall, and down 13% organically, mainly driven by a 27% organic decrease in HST, due to timing of project orders for next-gen sequencing equipment, as well as OEM pressure across the life sciences, analytical, instrumentation, pharma and semiconductor markets. Record sales of $846 million were up 6% overall and up 3% organically. We experienced 10% organic growth within FMT, 8% organic growth within FSD and 6% organic decrease in HST. Gross margin of 44.7% decreased by 10 basis points compared with last year. This was driven by lower-volume leverage in HST, the dilutive impact of acquisitions and unfavorable mix. Partially offset by strong price-cost and favorable operational productivity across the segments. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.4%, up 90 basis points. I will discuss the drivers of adjusted EBITDA on the next slide. Our second-quarter effective tax rate was 22.4% was comparable with our prior year effective tax rate of 22.1%. Net income was $139 million, which resulted in an EPS of $1.82. Adjusted net income was $165 million with an adjusted EPS of $2.18, which was up $0.16 or 8%. Finally, cash from operations of $141 million was up 26%, primarily due to lower investments in working capital versus last year. Free cash flow for the quarter included higher CapEx and was $120 million, up 24% versus last year, coming in at 72% of adjusted net income. We drove over $20 million of inventory out of the business in the quarter through our targeted reduction efforts. And we saw inventory returns improve versus last quarter. Moving on to Slide 9, which details the drivers of our second quarter adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA increased by $22 million compared to the second quarter of 2022. Our 3% organic growth included over 4% of price, placing volumes negative for the quarter. This lower volume unfavorably impacted adjusted EBITDA by $9 million flowing through at our prior year adjusted gross margin rate. Price cost was accretive to margins, and we drove operational productivity that offset employee related inflation. The mix was unfavorable by $3 million, mainly centered in HST due to continued volume declines in our analytical instrumentation and life science components. Resource and discretionary spending was approximately flat versus last year. We have executed tight cost controls given our volume pressure, and we continue to identify reduction opportunities for the balance of the year. Reductions and variable compensation expense based on our updated outlook contributed $5 million of benefit in the quarter. These results yielded a 60% organic flow-through. Muon and KZValve acquisitions, net of the Knight divestiture and FX contributed an additional $9 million of adjusted EBITDA. Inclusive of acquisitions, divestitures and FX, we delivered 43% flow-through. Excluding the impact of variable compensation, flow-through is about 35%. With that, I'll provide a deeper look at our segment performance. In our fluid metering technology segment, we experienced strong sales performance with organic growth of 10%. But orders did contract by 4% organically, mainly driven by the slowing industrial landscape. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by 340 basis points versus the second quarter of last year, driven by strong price cost performance and volume leverage. We saw our industrial day rate decline early in the second quarter remained steady at that lower level. Customers are taking a cautious view of the second half as they process a variety of economic factors that influence their demand. Our water business performed well. The North American market continues to be positive with extreme weather, necessary technology and infrastructure upgrades and improved funding, all fueling growth. Our energy markets remain mixed. Improved chassis availability is driving strength in our mobile applications and the teams continue to work down past due backlog, but lower oil prices look to slow the pace of investment in the second half of the year. In the chemical market, we saw positive results across the US, Europe and Asia, with battery markets providing additional opportunities for growth. The agricultural demand landscape remains mixed. Farm fundamentals are positive overall, and our OEM business remains strong. However, distributor inventory levels remain high, and we have not seen a material bleed down as we have progressed through the planting season. Moving to the Health & Science Technologies segment. Organic orders contracted 27% in the quarter, driven by analytical instrumentation, life science and biopharma customers' inventory destocking, timing of next-gen sequencing orders, soft semiconductor and slowing industrial demand. Sales were down 6% organically and adjusted EBITDA margins contracted by 420 basis points driven by unfavorable volume leverage and mix as well as higher employee-related costs, partially offset by strong price cost performance. As Eric noted, our Life Science and Analytical Instrumentation businesses are being impacted by customers' inventory destocking and reduced demand. This was driven by a combination of improved supply chain conditions, macroeconomic factors and lower-than-expected China demand. We expect this pressure to remain throughout the balance of the year. The semiconductor market continues to experience softness resulting from memory oversupply, as well as customers feeling the impact of the US export controls. We have exposure to multiple parts of the semiconductor value chain and expect demand will stabilize in the third quarter with recovery in the fourth quarter. Our Material Processing Technology business continues to experience softness across pharma, biopharma and nutrition markets, driven by tighter capital availability and customer hesitancy due to recession concerns. We are seeing some strength in aftermarket and positive impact from our battery market opportunities and we see some signs of improved quotation activity for these early days. Industrial markets and HST slowed in the quarter in line with FMT results. Finally, turning to our Fire & Safety Diversified Products segment. Organic orders grew by 2% versus last year, mainly driven by favorable fire and safety, and dispensing results. Organic sales growth was strong at 8% with double-digit growth in both Fire & Rescue and BAND-IT. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded by 300 basis points versus last year, largely driven by strong price cost performance, operational productivity, favorable volume leverage, and positive mix. The paint market remains mixed with positive North American results, offset by delays of Europe and Asia customer investments. Within our fire business, we continue to gain share with North America mid-tier and China OEMs through our integrated system strategy. Underlying truck demand remains positive and OEMs continue to improve their output. Rescue markets are stable overall with some distributors burning off excess inventory being balanced by growth in our E3 products. BAND-IT results remain positive. We continue to gain share in an otherwise flat automotive market, which is partially offset by slowing energy and industrial markets. With that, I'll provide an update for our outlook for the third quarter and the full year 2023. I'm on Slide 11. In the third quarter, we are projecting GAAP EPS to range from $1.60 to $1.65 and adjusted EPS to range from $1.84 to $1.89. Organic revenue is expected to decline 7% to 8%, and adjusted EBITDA margins are estimated to be approximately 27%. We project sequential volume declines across HST and FMT with relatively flat FSD sales. On a year-over-year basis, we expect negative mid-teen organic sales decline in HST, negative low to mid-single-digit declines in FMT and low single-digit growth in FSD. Turning to the full year. As Eric mentioned, we have reduced our full year revenue guidance in response to our softening HST second half outlook. We now expect organic revenue declines of 1% to 2%. This implies high single-digit revenue contraction in HST with low to mid-single-digit growth in FMT and FSD. At the midpoint, we have reduced our EPS guidance by $0.45 with approximately $0.60 related to lower volume and the associated leverage and unfavorable mix. We offset $0.15 of this pressure with additional cost containment actions related to targeted restructuring and lower resource investment, and variable compensation along with discretionary spend. In summary, we estimate full year organic revenue contraction of 1% to 2%, GAAP EPS of $6.80 to $6.90 and adjusted EPS of $7.90 to $8. Adjusted EBITDA margin will be approximately 27%. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be about $70 million and free cash flow is expected to be 100-plus percent of adjusted net income. With that, I'll turn it back over to Eric for his closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Bill. I'm on Slide 12. As we've said in the past, our IDEX leadership will not allow short-term economic fluctuations to alter our foundational objectives, delivering strong execution for our customers, building great global teams and deploying our capital with discipline. We've always invested in our best growth opportunities across our well-positioned diverse franchises. Over the last 10 years, we leveraged 80/20 to optimize business performance and fine-tune our portfolio towards faster-growing application sets. We're now adding power and next level potential to our best advantage businesses and platforms through thoughtful and aggressive capital deployment. Our Muon business, acquired last year, supports the most difficult applications within high-quality semicon, just like our businesses in Sealing Solutions and Optical Technologies. Those optics businesses also play a critical role within space broadband markets, now complemented by our most recent acquisition of Iridian Spectral Technologies. Our acquisition of KZValve opens the door for our Banjo franchise to play even deeper within fluidic handling for precision agriculture solutions. Our Nexsight business brings more software intelligence and channel assets into the water platform. Airtech opens doors within alternate energy gensets. ABEL Pumps helps customers mine deeper to find the minerals required to power the e-mobility revolution. The reality is that, IDEX products are everywhere playing close to the core of the world's most advanced technologies. Our components orientation allows for maximum tunability and flexibility to pivot resources to the fastest-growing mega trends. None of this is possible without talented people and teams who thrive in an outstanding entrepreneurial culture. This aspect is a source of competitive advantage for IDEX. We knew this was going to be a year of transition and dynamic recalibration with a course that would be hard to predict. We're managing the near term urgently and appropriately, but with an enthusiasm that recognizes the potential for great things ahead. With that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Michael Halloran: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Mike.
Michael Halloran: So, a couple of questions. First, let's talk about the -- obviously, the biggest piece in the quarter, the analytical instrumentation, life science, biopharma, et cetera, pressure points. And not overly surprising given what your customers are saying publicly as well. Maybe talk about a couple of things here, how you look at this bottoming curve? When you think we can get back to maybe a little bit more normalized environment in the context of some of the funding, the oversupply, over investment, et cetera? I know you don't feel any differently about the long-term growth curve, but would love to get a sense for internally how you guys are thinking about the recovery curve?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, thanks for that. So, I think if we step-back and kind of think about this traversing over the course of the year. I go back to kind of the end of Q4, that's where we went some virtually unbounded demand essentially only capacity and capability, entering the mix is a constraint. To those first signs that, okay, we're going to have to tune this thing and get it to something more sustainable long-term, more normal. So we saw that play-out initially as a lot of focus on inventory, just too much inventory all over the place. I think over-time and here especially in the second-quarter, we saw a view of -- as people start to attack that with analytics and we got a lot closer to our customers. You could see kind of the depth of it; where it was accumulated, how much it was -- how long it was going to take to burn that off, that became kind of a secondary component for us in Q2. And then I think -- I think the piece that's really played out and we saw a lot of this calibration in the second-quarter was another assessment of end-markets and where they really are on the customer's part. So, you kind of had markets clicking along kind of at the top-end of high-single-digits, I think in the pandemic, kind of moved back-down to an assumption that they would be more normal, I'd say, more mid-single digits. And I think closer now to -- in the near-term at least, balance of the year, in that low single digits, with those factors that I talked about in the open remarks. And I think probably maybe strength of China being the one that was the most pronounced and started to really pop out of the page for -- and the conversations that we had in Q2. So we sort of backed-up, took a look at those forecast, that situation, and as you can see here, essentially, cleared the deck for the rest of the year. I think we've bottomed-out from an orders perspective. We've seen kind of the levels that we're at now hold here through July. Even with all the analytics, today we have an inventory, you can see the two kind of working together. So, then I think that all of the visibility shifts to probably the real spirit of your question, which is, when does this start to get back to something that's more traditional in terms of growth rates. For us, I think, honestly, we see that past -- certainly, past the six months that are ahead of us, somewhere probably out in 2024, obviously the comparatives would get a lot easier. But I think we're still going to all have to watch. We're going to have to watch and see what's the long-term call on China. Is this a trough of a cycle there and there is ultimately an uptick? We'll be listening for that intelligence as well. The funding environment, how are people leaning into kind of approving projects and outfitting plants and things that we see in the CapEx intensive sides of our business, probably the semicon piece, that I feel the best about. I mean, that's tracked by everybody and we can kind of see -- everybody pointing to better days ahead starting in kind of -- for us, probably beginning of Q4 and certainly leading into the year. So I think the arrow up in 2024, probably still with some variable rates coming out of it and a lot more assessments that we've got to make as we go through a period that we think now it's been derisked and sort of laid out there in a way that we can all get comfortable with.
Michael Halloran: Great. No, that's super helpful. And maybe the exact same conversation on the short-cycle industrial pieces, the weakening side of things. Obviously, Bill, in the prepared remarks gave a lot of context on where some of that softening is. I just would like to understand how you think that bottoms out and how that recovery curve plays out in the context of -- clearly a lot of moving pieces out there?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. And I want to emphasize that, that side of the businesses it's kind of run its course exactly the way we thought it would. So you've seen here, order rates declining, that's the normalization of backlog. I want to make it clear to everybody that you all recognize how close to normal we actually are now. So our backlog, when you net out sort of the compounded price, the aggressive price that's happened over the last couple of years and compare it to sort of pre-pandemic levels. We're basically pretty close. We're a little higher-than-normal, but we'll get there soon, certainly in the back-half of the year. So that's on the industrial side of the business. Our quarterly coverage that we have, if you're familiar with us, we typically talk about half the quarter covered, and the other half we have to go find. We're there now. And so, really now we are able to see into these markets and understand and think a lot more about the future than the past. And that's why as we kind of got -- re-examined the list of markets that don't went through. And you're seeing, I think in many ways kind of an absence of catalysts unless it's really, really tied to identifiable mega trend with a bunch of funding sources, like the water space for us. You're seeing kind of that same story of, hey, hesitancy. I wonder where things are going. A little reticence to go ask for big funding of large capital projects. So, I think we're well-positioned for what inevitably at some point will start to move-up, and I do believe that next cycle is going to be a good one. But I think here in the near-term it's still going to be kind of a story of watching the rest of the world catch-up and kind of get to the same point of calibration that we are. And then, I think it's going to be a much bigger, broader kind of macroeconomic conversation as we head into 2024, of which catalysts will be out there. The good news from an IDEX perspective is, I know you know, Mike, we do really well on the entry point, once we kind of hit this point and are ready to go, short lead times, rapid recovery out there at the tip of the spear with innovation. So, that's kind of my take on where things are now with an emphasis on how close to normal the company is actually positioned.
Michael Halloran: That's great. If I could just squeeze one more in. You mentioned that, confident in the cycle, you added Slide 12, where you're talking about how well you're positioned for growth. Could you just give some context of what you think that growth algorithm looks like for you? What are we talking about in terms of what the sustainable organic growth profile looks, or the relative outperformance you can get versus whatever the markets are doing, maybe put that in context on a longer horizon for us?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I think the examples I cited there, particularly now that they've been augmented with some really, really strong capital deployment. It gets us closer to that 300% outperformance that we've been shooting for in terms of potential of delivery. So if, let's say, we enter a world that has kind of a 2% nominal floor, we would be expecting to drive with combination of solid price capture, innovation, and the assets that we have, something closer to that 5% level. And then, continuing to deploy capital on top of that, which then ultimately if you kind of run it through the algorithm of contribution margins and the compounding nature of what we have as a company, that sets up the double-digits earning growth that I think everybody kind of expects and is looking-forward to from an IDEX.
Michael Halloran: Thanks. Really appreciate it, Eric.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets, please proceed.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: I want to follow-up on some of the commentaries, both on the HST and industrial side. And on HST, we agree, this has been well vetted in terms of the public company analytical instrument, companies discuss, saying the destocking, and we're getting the sense that the bottoming is coming, but just share with us, you're one-step removed as a supplier to these OE's. So what is your level of visibility and how has that changed? And what has happened with lead times now that you've had -- much of this destocking happening?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, you're absolutely right. I mean, it's important that people understand that the typical IDEX solution here is a component, which is going into some system or device that thins out there, it goes out into the market. And then there's a whole bunch of other revenue streams that come with it, service and consumables and things -- we don't participate there. And so, we're talking primarily with people in factories and supplying and purchasing change, obviously engineering on the innovation side, but typically not the first-person that they're going to talk to you on a commercial conversation about kind of where they're seeing. So that's always been a little harder for us. It's a conversation to have. And so, you can kind of think of the way this has played out as we have kind of crawled up from the factory floor into front and center commercial conversations, mainly because of our criticality. We're in a place -- we get there where others probably don't, because of the essence of what we're making and what it does for the end device. So, I will absolutely tell you that one of the benefits of what we've come through here is we have a lot deeper relationships, we're in different conversations than we've been able to be into, and our understanding of kind of inventory positions and philosophy, it's better now than it's ever been before, because it has to be. Your second question then was related to lead times. I mean, we are in really, really in good shape and that in some ways is why you're seeing and have seen kind of the rapid degradation of order rates. When -- we did the same thing. We're thinking about taking inventory out of the system, we essentially do 80/20. You lineup dollars of supply and your secondary factor is always assurance supply, OTD and capability. When those two things come together, you essentially hammer the orderbook. So in many ways we've seen that play out probably the most aggressive, given who we are and what we do. And it's an indication of where we are from a lead-time. Our ultimate backlog position for the company, quarterly coverage of order rates is also a validation of where we are, because it's right back to very, very typical levels for us.
Deane Dray: All right. That's really helpful. And just to flip over on the industrial side, what we're trying to do is connect the dots here about your commentary about slowing industrial orders and slowing industrial landscape and I'm trying to parse out how much of this is just a result of the normalizing supply-chain and release of buffer inventories and shortening lead times, which in itself is kind of a normalized process. But it doesn't sound like there's anything disturbing on the end-market, the sell-through side of the end-market demand, but I just wanted to get clarification on that. So how much of this is strictly from a normalizing supply-chain on the industrial side versus any deterioration on the end-market demand?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I think you're thinking about it right. I mean the predominant driver here is the normalization of the cycle. Absolutely. It's just -- I said this -- I don't know, in these calls or the last couple of times that eventually you run into physics. There's no need to keep all this backlog around unless you're going to alter permanently the capability of the system, and nobody wants to do that. So a lot of this is playing out. If you look at our last quarter here, particularly on the industrial side, we posted double-digit organic growth, it's not necessarily indicative of the environment that's out there. That's us eating the last of the backlog in the past-due and getting our own lead times where we want to get to. As we are doing that, it's telegraphed through to the customer who is then dropping their order rates exactly the way you'd expect that they would. Underneath all of that, this allows us to, as I said before, really see, okay, what is this environment that's out in front of us, both today and tomorrow. And you're right. I don't see a lot of things in there that are overly negative. In fact, I see kind of a lot of the same behavior that we saw before this. In many ways, still some continued reluctance to make big capital purchase bets and all of those things. But to be honest, those really weren't here over the last couple of years either. So there's not a lot of negative noise that's behind that recalibration curve that's happening there. I would also say, though, there isn't a lot of tons of super positive things there as well, where people are saying, "Well, now that this is behind us, we're ready to go on Project A, B and C." But I don't know that, that's actually different from where we've been. So I don't know. I hope that's helpful, but I think your opening statement is pretty close here that the major driver is a cycle playing out and that fundamentally underneath it, there's not a ton of noise in terms of what's going on market to market.
Deane Dray: Alright. Eric, that's exactly what we're looking for, and appreciate all the color. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks Deane.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Hey, good morning. Just on the HST, thanks for the color on how to think of organic decline in Q3. On the EBITDA margin, obviously down year-over-year this quarter, does that take another step down? Or are you stemming through the decrementals now, just given the aggressive approach to cost, just any color on how we should think of that just given the sharp decline in organic next quarter?
William Grogan: Yes, Allison, it's Bill. I think in the third quarter, you'll see a little bit of additional pressure as volume steps down in the third quarter. And we bottomed out in the orders side here in Q2. Sales will bottom out in Q3. I think margins hit its low point, and we'll start to build back up Obviously, the additional cost actions we have taken have helped mitigate that. And then the volume leverage we'll get as we start to build back in the fourth quarter. We'll start to set our journey back to a 29%, 30% EBITDA-type margin as we progress through the recovery.
Allison Poliniak: And then just in terms of the dislocation here in the analytical instrumentation market, is that driving any incremental sort of M&A opportunities, just given the unusual nature of it or kind of steady as it's been? Just any color there.
William Grogan: Yes. No, not really. I mean, I haven't seen anything there. I mean the backdrop matters. It might prevent some folks from putting something out there because they want to let things clear and not be quite as noisy or something like that in the short term, but nothing that's really topped and said because the cycle is playing out a certain way, the funnel is now composed much different than it has been for us.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then just one last quick one. The inventory drawdown on your side. Bill, did you say you guys were largely done with that? Or is there still more to go in the second half year?
William Grogan: No, there's still more to go. I think from absolute dollars, I think we'll continue to bleed. Inventory turns, there will be a little bit pressure just with the decreased volumes within HST, but the teams continue to track, and there's probably another $20 million to $30 million of inventory reduction here in the back half.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you.
William Grogan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup.
Vlad Bystricky: Good morning, team. Thanks for taking the call. So I just wanted to ask within FSDP, a couple of things there. In terms of the durability of the strength you're seeing at Fire & Rescue, are you able to parse out sort of how much of that is better chassis availability with your traditional OEMs versus your growing relationships with the mid-tier OEMs and the retrofit offerings you now have available.
Eric Ashleman: I don't know that, that particular fine-tuning is a big driver here. I would say the chassis availability and that the improving nature of it is a positive catalyst for that business, and it's something we knew when we saw that backlog extend for, frankly, a long period of time that as it would start to expand itself, we knew that would be pretty gradual but ultimately positive for us for business. The composition of who they are in terms of suppliers inside it, it's interesting around the margins, but I would say it's going to be -- put it in the category of generally positive and probably positive for all.
Vlad Bystricky: Got it, okay, that's helpful and then just a follow-up within that segment. The strength in the North American paint dispenser business, I think it was a little surprising versus what I was expecting anyway. So were there any larger onetime type deliveries in there that contributed to that strength? And how are you thinking about the outlook for the NAM dispenser business going forward?
Eric Ashleman: No. I think dispensing had a couple large project orders that they're delivering on here as they progressed in the second quarter and within the third quarter. Then I think as we passed the end of the year, the North American replenishment cycle will be, for the most part, over. And then we look for some of the opportunities to continue on the emerging market side. Europe was a little bit slower for us this year and see if there's a bit of a recovery going into next year to help offset that. But that business will start to decline, especially on the orders as we progress through the back half of the year.
Vlad Bystricky: Okay, great, that's helpful, thanks a lot, get back-in queue.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen.
Joe Giordano: Hey, good morning guys. Eric, I just kind of wanted to square your commentary about like a lack of catalysts in a lot of the markets is interesting. And how do you kind of -- juxtapose with confidence around and optimism around chip stack and infrastructure bill and manufacturing, non-risk spending kind of like very high levels right here. How do you kind of square all that stuff?
Eric Ashleman: Well, look, I think those are all absolutely legitimate of the things we're planning on. It's what we're tuning the company to be. I'm, in some ways, helping people understand what I'm describing, we're at a position now where we can kind of see exactly the mindset of people in the current -- in the next quarter in a way that for years, we have not been able to. And so I'm with you because I think many of the kind of big broader trends that are out there are going to have nice runs as we go forward. Some of them are underway now. Some are going to be in the next period to come. But I do think there's some noise in the system where, again, people are processing a lot of their own backlog and things like that. And then it's easier to sort of link that to those trends and say, well, there it is. That's validation. I just -- this is a unique point that it's taken us a few years to get to that says, no, no, everything we see now is actually near term or talking about the world that's right in front of us. So -- and again, some of those things are playing out. We had that in the walk. We talked about water. We talked about some decent things happening in chemicals. We just talked about some of the chassis
Eric Ashleman: Availability in this building. So I don't want to diminish those in any way. But in some ways, I'm just trying to show that we've really got solid visibility here. We'll be able to see them as they inevitably start to play in and layer in at different points along the curve as we go forward.
Joe Giordano: Yes, I think that's fair. And would you just -- would you categorize -- it seems like most companies this quarter are kind of like -- are certainly changing their commentary around like industrial distribution and things like that. It seems to be weakening and orders are getting worse. And you guys -- maybe you feel like you were just kind of there first, and this is...
Eric Ashleman: I will be in a category now. I think actually, we're in sync with distribution. We're out there with them. We're looking for new opportunities, and we already live that. We were seeing that when others weren't talking about it, which is always the frustrating part of the beginning of one of these curves for us. So I knew this year was going to have this element. It puts us to the back side of it, which then says, I think you'll see that we'll be talking about other things, other catalysts in a solid way that maybe it's going to take some time for others to kind of walk into, but that is a perfect example.
Joe Giordano: Fair enough. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hey Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I wanted to start with just taking a finer point on some of the inventory correction. Can you quantify what you think the headwind to growth or the dollars of inventory that are coming out of the business, or coming out of your customers' businesses this year, that will obviously, if we get that destock complete this year won't repeat next year.
Eric Ashleman: No. Nat, let me take a crack at that. I think that's a reasonable amount of the current volume declines as the folks have calibrated on their months of supply pulling down. So that was really our expectation in the first quarter. As they look at their end market demand and then their inventory position had a second-tier bleed down again here in the second quarter with, I think where our order patterns and our volumes are for the balance of the year, that's holistically through. And then any volume shifts are really going to be reflective of true end market demand, really what Eric talked about is us being in sync relative to our lead times with where they've calibrated around new expectations of their volumes. So it's a reasonable portion of the pressure we've experienced so far this year.
Nathan Jones: Okay, then I'm going to ask a question on a metric that I don't think anybody out there has really talked about for the last 3 years, which is on-time delivery, because with all the supply chain challenges, everybody's on-time delivery metrics got blown up. Now that you're talking about lead times being kind of fairly back to normal, how much improvement have you seen in on-time delivery metrics? Where are they relative to where they were before COVID? And how much more improvement is left to go on that?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So I mean that is a great question. Our on-time delivery is in really, really good shape. I mean, so think of this in the 90% plus. That's where we need to be. A huge piece of that, when you think about it, is that's measured against lead time expectations that customers have. So one of the things that's really changed here in the last couple of years is people have potentially put orders into one or two buckets, either as soon as you can do it, please, which really is there's no yardstick or they've taken the queue from businesses like ours to say, well, what's your current capability, okay, put it in my order for that level. What's important is you start to get better, you have to communicate it to your customers so they understand it. That's kind of one of the first things that we teach within our own operating model, make sure people know where we are. So that, frankly, they understand that they can start to dial that into their own requirements, we can plan a better factory that way. And so you're actually -- the improvement that I'm citing is against a moving bar that moves closer with lower lead times. So that's a really, really interesting point that we're always on the lookout for to make sure that we've kind of moved out of that world of promises to actual customer requirements. And that our lead times are in sync with those, and then the ultimate metric says prove it with the OTD number. And so we're in really, really good shape.
William Grogan: That's a really-really interesting point that we're always-on the lookout for to make sure that we kind of moved out of that world of promises to actual customer requirements and that our lead times are in sync with those and then the ultimate metrics says prove it with the OTD number. And so we're in a really-really good shape and I think for a couple of businesses where we're still struggling with. Extended lead times or on-time delivery. Those are the business is actually orders have still been fairly positive, because those behaviors, haven't been able to calibrate on their customers exact to the point Eric highlighted earlier, where we have seen all those improvements, you've seen new order rates comprised are aligned with shorter lead times.
Nathan Jones: And just one last one on the cost actions that you're taking here. I understand you guys plan for the long term here and that you're probably not going to cut too deep given that this might be a short sharp correction markets could recover next year. Can you talk about the type of costs that you're taking out and the target costs that you're not taking out?
William Grogan: Yes. I mean the first phase of cost reduction is obviously on the discretionary side, things that we've implemented broad-based across the portfolio. We talked about that last quarter, even in the businesses that weren't as impacted as [indiscernible]. They helped to mitigate some of the profit shortfalls. And the second phase has been volume-related costs. We've done a little bit of restructuring internally. That's saved some of the economics. But to your last point, fundamentally, we're leveraging 80/20 and a resource allocation model to preserve a vast majority of our growth resources, as Eric's point, I think we are going to be through this phase at some point in time next year. The investments that we're making now will drive results into the future.
Eric Ashleman: And Nathan, this is -- Bill mentioned it, but this is where 80/20 really helps us as a company. And essentially, if you think of it in its simplest form, it says, take your existing people that already work here and know the company and leveraging them as powerfully as possible, so you don't have to hire incremental head count at a time that you're pressured. And we use 80/20 to guide that. So just make sure you're at a point with maximum power and impact and you'd be surprised how much work people can do. And then you kind of get through this and that maintains the base.
Nathan Jones: Great, thanks very much for taking my questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Robert Wertheimer from Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: Thanks, good morning, everybody. You've touched on this throughout the call, and I think you've been pretty clear, but if the issue is trying to figure out how channel inventory dynamics and HST relate to the rest of the business or whether there's a risk of that happening. I wonder if you could step back a little bit and talk about how the channel in HST differs from the other 2 segments? And then I assume the analytic process that you put in the kind of focus in your comments on HST is applied broadly throughout the business. So I wonder if you can just sort of help with that understanding and that risk of the channel destock.
Eric Ashleman: That was a great question that important that people understand. So everything we talked about generally in those HST markets with a massive change, those are direct relationships. So -- and they're some of the most concentrated customer sets we have. So not a lot of names, and we're very directly linked to them. So your first point where it's very different is when you go over into kind of the FMT world and even the industrial side of HST, those are typically distribution environments. Not a lot of stocking that happens there. But think of it, the more important element is there's just a lot of people. So numerous markets, lots of positions, lots of partners, and so it's just fragmented. And you just got a natural buffer there against any real swing either on the way up or the way down, you just don't typically see it that dramatically, and you've got optionality. I mean some people out there will choose to carry more inventory through all of this. They're going to make differentiated calls. But that concentrated OEM set does tend to move like a pack. And here, we've seen it move the most aggressively. Your last point was on analytics. We've always had great distribution analytics. It's a participated model. It's not this kind of stocking model where there's a curtain between us and the end markets. We're partners in this. We've known each other for a long time, and we actually need to participate in the cells. So because of that, we've got -- we've long had good analytics on inventory positions, who we're selling it to, how they're thinking about things. So that's been a staple. I'd say that the move forward to something more positive I referenced earlier, was getting even closer to the nuts and bolts of those OEM relationships where we have that direct line of sight.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect. That was educational. And just because I don't know, and I'm not sure you say, but what is the China mix within HST. And is that weakness in China, obviously, China is weak. I don't know if that's general economic slowdown or something industry-specific that accentuated it for you there.
Eric Ashleman: Well, it really doesn't ping for us is a China sale because we're typically selling to the North American partners or something like that. We're reading through their commentary about end placement of instruments and things.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect, okay. I'll stop there. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Ashleman for closing comments.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you very much. Thanks for everybody joining today. Just a couple of summary takeaways here. I mean we said from the beginning, this was going to be a year of aggressive recalibration. That's certainly proven out. But I think this is truly the final economic phase of this pandemic. It's going to play itself out here through the balance of the year and will be done with it. And for us, that means, look, our backlog is almost back to normal. It will be here soon. Our quarterly order coverage is normal now. I don't think we've got a lot of abnormal pandemic-induced order trends that we're going to be processing and talking about, and I could not be looking more forward to that, I assure you. And then really, I'll just go back to kind of what I talked about on that last slide in the intro here. The future is going to be really, really good. We will accelerate quicker than others is whatever the next cycle is, plays out positively for us. We'll see that. We're good diagnostic there. And because of the strength and resiliency we built over the last couple of years here, we're going to perform very, very well when that happens. All of the things we talked about in terms of capital where we've deployed it, the work we've done intensively around strategy, it's going to take us up another 100 basis points in that outperformance, and I referenced that earlier, too, as we're thinking about outgrowing our core markets. And just last, I know a lot of our team members listen in on these calls. I really want to thank them for just solid, solid execution through all of it, in particular, our teams in HST. You might imagine to kind of go from as fast as you can go to slowing down in the amount of time -- the short duration there, that has been really challenging for them. And they have absolutely stood up in the way that we know IDEX employees do all over the place. So thanks for that. Have a great day. We'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the First Quarter 2023 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. And it is now my pleasure to introduce to you, Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, Allison. You may begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX first quarter 2023 financial highlights.  Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3 months ending March 31, 2023. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com.  Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX's business. Then Bill will discuss IDEX first quarter financial results and update on segment performance in the markets they serve and our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2023. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions.  If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay, beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13734462, or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay.  Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. I'd like to start with some key first quarter highlights. We delivered record sales with positive organic growth across all 3 of our segments, $2.09 adjusted earnings per share and strong free cash flow. Our FMT and FSD segments performed exceptionally well, both achieving record sales and strong profitability, offsetting some pressure in our HST segment. Price/cost was positive and above IDEX historical performance.  As we look ahead to Q2 and the balance of the year, our outlook has changed. The last time we spoke, we anticipated short-term volume pressures within life sciences from inventory calibration concentrated in a few select OEM customers. However, as we progressed through the quarter, we saw signals of a broader, more prolonged recalibration within our HST segment, largely centered in our analytical instrumentation, life science, pharma and semiconductor markets. End-market demand is still positive, but we believe our customers have sufficient inventory of our critical components to support their needs in the near term.  Over the past 2 years, we experienced robust growth in HST, with sales up over 30% organically to support strong end-user demand and customer-specific inventory replenishment. But as supply chain conditions improve and the broader demand profile normalizes, our OEM partners are aggressively attacking higher inventory levels, beginning with those suppliers that have demonstrated the quickest returns to pre-pandemic lead times. The sharp and simultaneous nature of this inventory recalibration exceeds all prior historical cycles.  In response, we proactively executed cost reductions to offset a portion of this volume impact. We tailored our approach to the specific challenges in individual businesses as well as broader discretionary costs across the entire company, managing through the short term but not losing focus on our longer-term growth path.  These top line challenges, net of our cost-containment plan, drive $0.25 of adjusted EPS headwind for the year. Therefore, as we noted in our press release, we revised our full year adjusted 2023 EPS guidance from $8.25 to $8.55. Bill will discuss the specifics in greater detail during our segment and guidance updates.  Regardless of these end-market challenges, we remain confident in our ability to deliver total shareholder returns over the long term. Our capital deployment plan remains consistent. We continue to look to M&A as a significant source of value creation. To that end, we announced our intent to acquire Iridian Spectral Technologies for CAD 150 million or approximately USD 111 million.  Iridian is a world leader in custom optical filter solutions serving the space, life science and telecommunications markets. Iridian expects fiscal 2023 revenues of CAD 36 million and EBITDA margin in the low-30s range. It is about a 13x EBITDA-trailing deal. And within the IDEX family of businesses, Iridian complements and expands upon the solutions provided by our Scientific Fluidics and Optics businesses within HST. This transaction is expected to close in the second quarter. Iridian will be our sixth acquisition since the beginning of 2021, and we remain bullish on our ability to deploy capital on high-quality assets irrespective of the macro conditions.  The integration of our Muon Group acquisition, which closed in fourth quarter 2022, is progressing well. We've deployed key elements of our operating model, and there continues to be a strong cultural fit between IDEX and Muon as our teams work together to unlock value between our businesses.  Finally, I traveled last week to India to officially open our second plant in the state of Gujarat. It is a world-class facility that effectively doubles our production capacity in the country. Coupled with the opening of our plant expansion in China in late 2022 and our recent commissioning of sales and logistics centers in Singapore and Dubai, we now have a strengthened footprint to attack markets across Asia and the Middle East, a key element of our growth strategy.  With that, I'll turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
William Grogan: Thanks, Eric. Moving on to our first quarter consolidated financial results on Slide 8. All comparisons are against first quarter 2022, unless otherwise stated.  Orders of $826 million were down 4% overall and down 10% organically, mainly driven by the timing of project orders for dispensing in FSD and next-gen sequencing in HST as well as OEM pressure across the life sciences, analytical instrumentation, pharma and semiconductor markets in HST.  Record sales of $845 million were up 13% overall and up 6% organically. We experienced 9% organic growth within our FMT and FSD segments and 3% growth in HST. Gross margin of 45.2% contracted by 40 basis points. This was driven by unfavorable mix, largely centered in HST, the dilutive impact of acquisitions and employee-related inflation, partially offset by favorable price cost and productivity.  Adjusted EBITDA margin, which includes $6 million related to accelerated recognition of share-based compensation, was 27.2%, down 140 basis points. I'll discuss the remaining drivers of adjusted EBITDA on the next slide.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.2% and was relatively flat compared with our prior effective tax rate of 22.4%. Net income was $140 million, which resulted in EPS of $1.84. Adjusted net income was $159 million with adjusted EPS of $2.09, which was up $0.13 or 7%. The accelerated recognition of share-based compensation that I mentioned earlier lowered adjusted EPS by $0.06. Finally, cash from operations was $148 million and up 86%, primarily due to lower investments in working capital versus last year. Free cash flow for the quarter, which included higher year-over-year capital investment, was $121 million, up 91% versus last year and coming in at 76% of adjusted net income. This represents the strongest first quarter free cash conversion we have experienced in the past 5 years.  Moving on to Slide 9, which details the drivers of our first quarter adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA increased $15 million compared to the first quarter of 2022. Our 6% organic growth contributed approximately $6 million flowing through at our prior year gross margin rate. Price/cost was accretive to margins, and we drove operational productivity that more than offset employee-related inflation. Mix was unfavorable by $3 million, mainly centered in HST due to volume declines in our analytical instrumentation and life science components businesses.  Resource and discretionary spending increased by $8 million. As we noted in our prior guidance, this was carryover from last year. In 2022, we did not return to a sustainable level of discretionary spending until the second quarter. Equally, we ramped up our resource investment spend as we progress through the year. This will come down as part of our cost mitigation plan for the balance of the year.  We had $6 million related to accelerated recognition of share-based compensation due to the timing of certain participants reaching retirement eligibility status. These results yielded a 5% organic flow through. Excluding the impact of accelerated share-based compensation, our organic flow-through was around 20%.  Nexsight, KZValve and Muon acquisitions, net of the Knight divestiture and FX, contributed an additional $13 million of adjusted EBITDA. Inclusive of acquisitions, divestitures and FX, we delivered 16% flow-through. Excluding the impact of accelerated share-based compensation, we delivered 22% flow-through. With that, I'll provide a deeper outlook for our segment performance.  I'm on Page 10. In our Fluid & Metering technology segment, we experienced strong order and sales performance with organic growth of 5% and 9%, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by 50 basis points versus last year, driven by strong price/cost, volume leverage and productivity, which more than offset higher employee-related costs and discretionary spending as well as the dilutive impact of acquisitions.  Industrial demand remained steady throughout the quarter. We experienced tailwinds from energy, mining, chemical and lithium-ion battery markets. Our water businesses performed well. Quote activity remained strong due to U.S. infrastructure funding initiatives, and we see continued momentum around the adoption of AI and cloud technologies.  Our energy markets continue to be strong, driven by favorable oil export and mobile truck demand. In the chemical market, we are experiencing wins in the energy transition space as well as strong China and Middle East demand.  The agricultural demand landscape is mixed. Farm fundamentals are positive with stable commodity prices and net farm incomes as well as lower fertilizer costs versus last year. However, distribution inventory levels were higher than typical coming into the planting season, and a slower start to the season due to weather has delayed the turnover of this inventory.  Moving on to the Health & Science Technologies segment. Organic orders contracted 23%, driven by the OEM inventory calibration impact as well as timing of a large next-gen sequencing order we received in the first quarter of last year. As Eric noted, our life science and analytical instrumentation businesses are being impacted by broad-based inventory destocking as our customers recalibrate to a more normalized demand pattern. We expect that these markets will continue to see this pressure through the second quarter with some recovery in the back half of the year.  The semiconductor market is experiencing softness resulting from memory oversupply as well as customers feeling the impact of U.S. export controls. We anticipate that macro conditions will improve as we progress through the remainder of the year. We do continue to leverage share gain to buffer some of the broader market declines.  Our material processing technology business is seeing softness across pharma, biopharma and nutrition markets, driven by tighter capital availability and customer hesitancy due to recession concerns. Our funnel does remain strong, and we expect some recovery in the second half of the year. The automotive market remains positive. We continue to see a solid global trend towards electrification driving opportunities for our growth.  We delivered 3% organic sales growth in the first quarter, driven by strong next-gen sequencing, satellite broadband and fuel cell-targeted growth initiatives with some offset from the market factors I mentioned earlier. Adjusted EBITDA margin contracted by 300 basis points versus the first quarter of 2022. Most of this pressure is in the gross margin line, with unfavorable volume leverage and mix more than offsetting favorable price/cost. The recent Muon acquisition is accretive to HST's overall EBITDA margin.  Finally, turning to our Fire & Safety Diversified Products segment. Organic orders contracted by 4%, mainly driven by timing of project orders in our dispensing business last year. Organic sales results were strong at 9% growth, with double-digit growth in both Fire & Rescue and BAND-IT offsetting the decline in dispensing.  Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded by 160 basis points versus last year, largely driven by strong price cost performance, volume leverage and productivity more than offsetting higher discretionary spend and employee-related costs. The paint market is mixed, with pressure from the North American replenishment cycle coming to an end and softness in Southeast Asia being offset with strong European and Indian demand.  Within our Fire business, demand for trucks remains strong. North American OEM volumes continue to be constrained by supply chain. However, we are gaining share with North American mid-tier and China OEMs with our integrated system strategy and have pivoted our go-to-market approach for our SAM product to retrofit in-service trucks to bypass the OEM backlog constraints.  Our rescue markets are stable, and we have experienced favorable demand in Europe and good project activity across most of the globe. BAND-IT results continue to be positive. Industrial demand is steady, energy is strong, and we continue to drive higher than market performance in automotive due to our position on high-demand vehicles and share gain. With that, I'll give an update on our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2023.  I'm on Slide 11. I'll now provide some additional details regarding our revised 2023 guidance for both the second quarter and the full year. In Q2, we are projecting GAAP EPS to range from $1.86 to $1.89 and adjusted EPS to range from $2.10 to $2.13, with organic revenue growth of approximately 3% and adjusted EBITDA margins ranging from 27.3% to 27.7%. We anticipate that HST volumes will be negative in the second quarter, and the strength we saw in Q1 industrial performance sustains.  Turning to the full year. As Eric mentioned, we have reduced our full year revenue guidance, reflecting headwinds related to OEM destocking across the HST segment. At the midpoint, we expect volume and mix impact reduces EPS by $0.48, offset by $0.23 of cost actions, yielding $0.25 of net pressure on our annual guide. This equates to a full year low single-digit organic revenue contraction in HST and low- to mid-single-digit growth in FMT and FSD. Our view on the industrial market has not changed, and we continue to assume a second half decline with a modest recovery in the back half for HST.  Bringing it all together, we project GAAP EPS of $7.30 to $7.60 and adjusted EPS to range from $8.25 to $8.55. We expect full year organic revenue growth of 0% to 3% and adjusted EBITDA margin to range between 27.5% and 27.9%. The high end of our range implies that we will sustain our record profitability from last year. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be about $70 million, and free cash flow is expected to be 100-plus percent of adjusted net income.  With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Just starting with the HST story here. And look, we're seeing this across the sector. We covered Danaher. They've been through this, this whole kind of you're on the other side of the COVID surge in volume. And Dover's biopharma pumps, same story there as well. So it's not execution. We know that. It's not share loss. But what's your degree of confidence in the path to normalizing? Just what kind of visibility do you have here?
Eric Ashleman: Well, thanks, Deane. I mean I'd say a couple of things. One, as you'd expect, given the magnitude of some of the swings, I mean, the discussions and the intensity and the iteration of them with end customers and at all levels, commercial operations is probably at the highest level we've ever had.  And then I would say, as you look at the actual order intake, you can see some things firming up in the back half. So you can see actually kind of the same planning and methods that are pulling it down now are actually repositioning it a little further out in the later -- in the year, sorry.  And you're seeing that for the kind of standard products that we would usually gauge, that are kind of right down the middle of the volume fairway. So that's -- it deviates a little bit market for market, but I'd say, those 2 factors are probably the 2 that we're most reliant on as we think about that.
William Grogan: And I'd just add is our guide. On the low end, we have kind of that HST recovery only up about 1% sequentially from the first half to the second half. And then on the high side, a 7%. So reasonable range relative to the things that Eric just highlighted.
Deane Dray: All right. That makes sense. I appreciate that. And then second question, and Eric, maybe you can bridge the comments from last quarter about uncertain period of softness, how that's being playing out here as well as the trends you're seeing across your short-cycle businesses, the implications, day rates, lead times and so forth.
Eric Ashleman: So are you saying, Deane, kind of take it from a little bit more depth...
Deane Dray: Yes.
Eric Ashleman: On the HST and then rotate it over -- okay.
Deane Dray: No, no, no. Just broadly for IDEX, your comment last quarter about uncertain period of softness. We're all seeing pockets of softness, but I wanted to see with a quarter through now, what trends you're seeing in the short cycle, is there...
Eric Ashleman: Got it.
Deane Dray: In lead times and so forth, thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So obviously, the most pronounced recalibration happening exactly in the area that we're talking about here in HST. As you look at the industrial side of it and in particular, kind of the day rate stuff right down the center of our fairway, first quarter held up really, really well. I mean business to business, I think we called out ag is the only one where we saw some similar dynamics of kind of inventory and things ready to go to plan.  I will say though, in more recent data here in April, some of those canaries that we often reference, you can see things pull back a little bit, and you can see them doing it together. So it is going to be something we'll watch. April is, for whatever reasons, never a real strong predictor for us. It firms up as we go through May and especially into June. But I will say you can see a little bit of that there in those businesses. In terms of just day rates, it's not a big drop, but the uniformity of it is interesting across a couple of weeks here most recently.  And when you kind of hold that up with some other things, some of which we do informally and others have done more formally around inventory positions of distributors and things like that, maybe you can see sort of the same comments, hold that up with the same feelings of uncertainty. So it's not a logic break in terms of how this might play out.  And let's remember, in our comments here last time, I mean, we actually have this positioned in our back half. So we have a bit of a glide path and then here, very recently, seeing some of the first signs of it.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. Just to clarify, when you talk about the leading indicator canaries, that's like BAND-IT and Warren Rupp and Gast?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. And a couple of the other FMT pump businesses and even more specifically, a couple of product lines we look at within and where we just know they tend to be ordered typically, 1 and 2 and 3, general replacement. The ones you mentioned, a few other places, but yes, they're the ones we often always look at when we talk to you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Halloran with Baird.
Michael Halloran: Can we follow up on Deane's question and talk about the other side of the coin, just maybe the CapEx side of things? Are you seeing any pullbacks? Obviously ignore some of the destock HST stuff you already commented on. But on some of the other longer cycle pieces, are you seeing any change in dynamic? Or anything noteworthy underneath the hood?
Eric Ashleman: Well, it's -- these are the larger projects that we sometimes talk about here. I mean we have them in 2 places, and they're a little different. So I think they're more pronounced, more aggressive on the HST side in the markets that we're referencing here. So you can see some concern in places like MPT. We referenced those in the comments. But let's tie those to that sort of general macro story that Deane did a good job framing for us.  I think on the industrial side, I would just kind of come back and say, this -- the entirety of the cycle, it's not been a big piece of our story. I'll remind folks, in the beginning of the ramp-up post COVID, there was a lot of uncertainty there. Frankly, that turned into the inability to put those projects together, then as inflation came about, there was a repricing element that sort of prevented some of them from our side.  And now maybe we're drifting a bit more into uncertainty, too. So I'd argue it kind of held pretty [Technical Difficulty] quite positive for us, not really because of large projects, just that sort of general day-to-day business is doing real well.
Michael Halloran: And apologies in advance for this one. I think Bill gave some commentary on expectations by the segments for the remainder of the year. Unfortunately, you guys were breaking up on me. Could you just repeat that in case I misheard? Or maybe I'm wrong, maybe you guys didn't do that, but can you comment on that?
William Grogan: No, no. We did. In our updated guide, the implied organic revenue for HST is negative low single digits, and for FMT and FSD, positive low single digits.
Michael Halloran: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess just a quick follow-up on that then. On the FMT piece, the orders are good. I think the end markets there are probably a little bit healthier broadly. Why the decel as you work through the year on that piece specifically? Is there anything you're seeing that's concerning? Or is it just how you think things layer out as we look forward?
William Grogan: No. Exactly. I mean, it's been our stance as we came into the year with an expectation that the industrials were going to start to fall off in the back half of the year. We saw strength in the first quarter. We knew what our backlog positions were. And Eric just highlighted some of the caution we're seeing in our daily book and ship order rates that I think just give us more confidence in our call that the back half will be softer for those businesses, down a couple of percent on the volume side as we progress over the next quarter or 2 -- post the second quarter, still positive there, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Keeping on FMT, can you touch on the acquisitions, KZValve and Nexsight, because it seems like they were exceptionally strong? Just want to better understand maybe the drivers there and sort of how we should think about those for the balance of the year.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, holding up really, really well. KZ, just to remind people, brought a key piece of automation technology that, frankly, goes to the same customer set that we have in our Banjo business. They're very close by. So I mean this is a [Technical Difficulty]. And so we're working on the commercial side, the technical side and all of the pieces of the IDEX operating model. So really, really happy there.  The Nexsight business, reminder, there was -- they were kind of long channel partners, and there's a piece of software that came with that business we've long used as well. So many people have kind of associated this with IDEX for a number of years. So pretty seamless integration, expands our presence in depth. And then the water markets, as we referenced in the earlier comments and we'll say here, are doing well. There's good strong support for municipal projects, municipal work that I think will play out for quite a while. So yes, real favorable with those 2.
William Grogan: Yes. And KZ, their mix of business is much more concentrated towards OEM. So they're not seeing some of the inventory issues that Banjo is.
Eric Ashleman: Yes.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then just on the HST side, again, I know you're looking for maybe that second half recovery from those inventory issues. But as we think about sort of that back half and then maybe even into '24, does that sort of drive that growth somewhat below trend of what you would expect kind of going forward at least over the next 12 months? Just any thoughts there.
Eric Ashleman: I don't think so. I think largely, this is a story of coming off of a multi-period of really aggressive rates, both for us and our end customers. I mean I look at our segment. I mean HST was up 30% across 2 years. I think that tracks with a lot of the end markets where we are. And so a retraction or a pullback down to more typical rates in the single digits. Even if they're mid-single digits, it's pretty dramatic if, in fact, your thinking is changing in a relatively short time horizon.  So I think the single biggest variable for -- certainly for us as a component supplier into it is going to be levels of inventory [Technical Difficulty] taking it into different areas. So it's -- in some ways, it's doing math. It's math and rate of travel. It is different than we've seen before, but the preceding period in the run-up there was different as well. So I think we're all learning to do that together. And as I spoke earlier on the call, the need for even tighter alignment and iteration as we go through that to protect everybody is very important.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: A couple of questions on HST. I was just wanted to hit the margins, down 300 basis points year-over-year in the first quarter. I think, Bill, you said -- you talked about lower absorption, but revenues were up 3% organically. Can you maybe just flesh out a little bit the inputs into the year-over-year margin decline in HST?
William Grogan: Yes. I think the biggest driver, Nathan, is the mix impact. Some of the volume decreases we've seen are our highest margin product portfolio in the business that has somewhat offset that to keep the business positive from an organic perspective. And then with the overall segment being positive, there are still some pockets that were negative that caused us to deleverage on some of the fixed cost side.
Nathan Jones: Okay. That makes sense. And then just maybe a little bit more color on how you expect the year to sequence on HST. I mean you had in the 20s of orders down. Just maybe any color you can give us on how we should think about the comps, I guess, especially in 2Q, with this being a relatively short-cycle business. Do you take most of the pain here on organic growth in the second quarter, and then you see revenues improve pretty meaningfully, sequentially as we go past that?
William Grogan: No, no, relative to our backlog position. We will be negative in HST in the second quarter, but kind of low single digits. And then remember, the second half of this year is significant -- or the second half of last year was significantly higher. So we'll have a little bit of comp problems that will keep HST either flattish or slightly negative for the balance of the year.
Nathan Jones: And then just one last one on HST. IDEX is not typically an inventory business. You end up typically seeing a lot of inventory on customer shelves. Obviously, an inventory destock is what we're talking about. And so can you just talk about how this inventory ends up on customer shelves, how that works its way through the system?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, it's a great question, Nathan. I mean in general, everything we make here is pretty customized for a very specific end use, if not a specific single customer. And in the area that we're talking about in the health science world, I mean, that absolutely happens. These are spec-ed in components. They don't travel East and West.  When we're more generally talking about an IDEX, though, FMT in that segment, FSD as well, you've got a channel between us and all of these fragmented end markets, which are at much lower volumes. And so no single one of them is going to tend to raise its head up at any one point. So that -- the comment generally holds there.  And while it's specific customized here, this is a highly concentrated customer set, and it's a super direct transaction. So if you chose to do it, and they don't often do it and this is a bit unprecedented, but if you chose to do it that way, you could put mission-critical components down that you know you're going to use because they're the most high-running parts that you have in the system, even though they are absolutely customized for that customer only.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup.
Vladimir Bystricky: So I just wanted to ask you, in FMT, I think you, if I'm not mistaken, kind of upgraded your commentary around the strength of the energy and chemical performance you're seeing. I know you mentioned it's not really project activity. So can you just talk a little bit more about where you're seeing improvements in demand in those end markets, and how you're thinking about sort of the sustainability of that strengthening?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I think in energy specific, remember that we largely do mobile custody transfer there. So there's a little bit of an overhang as the industry gets healthier and price support are out there. You're going to get some general tailwinds for CapEx spend. More specifically for us, though, we do a lot in mobile applications, a lot of which depends upon chassis availability.  That's been -- that was highly constrained for a couple of years. That's freed up as a lot of other supply chains have, and some of it is just captive demand at a good and favorable time in the environment, that -- something like that, a micro story like that actually matters for us.  On the chemical side, we've seen strength in China, specifically, with our Richter business. I think some of that is probably also related to the fact the country was kind of locked down for a while. There are some investments that have to be made. We're super well positioned there. We'll see how that plays out longer term. And actually, Europe in the chemical side, which is an area of concern and was pretty depressed as well for a bunch of reasons we've talked about, that was actually pretty strong for us as well.  So it's these little pockets that kind of play out in typical IDEX fashion that goes from big to small stories here. But I would say, generally, we're still following others out there that are larger. So not a massive component of project spend or multi-period expansion here, but more micro events and things. And otherwise, markets, I think, are doing pretty well.
William Grogan: And I think the other thing is on the Energy business, they've launched a couple of new products that have been very well received in the end marketplace. And then we talk about businesses that they had some differentiation relative to their ability to have inventory to supply their customer base. I think a couple of businesses within our valve that mostly sell into the chemical market have been well positioned relative to the inventory that they've carried to take some share from their customers.
Vladimir Bystricky: Okay. That's really helpful. And then just on the M&A front, can you give us some more color on the Spectral tech acquisition? I know it's relatively small, but can you just talk about what attracted you to that particular asset, potential scalability of the business? And more broadly, what you're seeing in the M&A pipeline and environment today?
Eric Ashleman: Yes, sure. So the -- I mean the Iridian business, I mean, it's -- as we said in the release, it's a leading designer and manufacturer of thin film, multilayer optical filters. We do that in a lot of other places within IDEX, both in our optical technologies segment and some of it embedded into the life sciences platforms as well.  So I think honestly, the size of this business is pretty typical for how we specialize technology of this type, it's kind of an ideal unit of measure, if you will. So think of it as a puzzle piece of technology that goes well with other pieces that we have. And honestly, the 3 primary segments here, we attack from a whole bunch of different places in IDEX, not all of them, just in optics and technology. So space broadband, super complementary to some other things we've talked about along the way in a great market.  The life sciences place side of it is probably intuitive. I mean we do other coatings here. Their technology is a little bit different. And so it fits in, in a way that we were -- we've been looking for, for a while. And then there's a telecom piece that's involved with 5G rollout and game filters and things like that. So it's the kind of work we know how to do. The other piece of this is their coding capacity then, when aligned with other pockets of coding capacity we have across IDEX, you can start to think of this as an aggregation and think of how you might move capacity around on what's now becoming quite a bit of mass and a very important job to do.  So it's a just really, really nice fit. We've known a lot of the folks associated with businesses like this for a number of years. So it's right in our universe, proprietary transactions. Super happy to have it here.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: I just wanted to come back to Nexsight and KZ. I think you responded to a prior question that they're strong. It's -- they look amazingly strong, right? I think an 11-point impact in FMT or acquisition impact in the quarter. Was there something unusual going on or some reclassification or something to drive that big of a result in those businesses?
William Grogan: No. I mean the only thing of note, it was small, it was a couple of million dollars. Just as we got Nexsight on our normal accounting procedure, they picked up a couple of weeks of incremental revenue, but it was a $2 million, $3 million type of deal.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. Great. I think I'll leave it there. My other questions were answered.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson.
Eric Ashleman: Matt?
Operator: Matt, your line is now live.
William Jellison: This is Will Jellison on for Matt Summerville. I wanted to learn a little bit more about price and maybe start out with some historical context for how much price was realized in 2022 and how much incremental realization is expected across your businesses in 2023.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, sure. So price is a big part of our value capture across our portfolio balancing, hey, we have differentiated products and making sure we capture that value from our customers. Obviously, last year, from an inflationary perspective, we were hitting an all-time high. So we had ramped our price pretty significantly as we went through, I think, topping off close to 5% last year.  This year, we guided about 4%. We're on track for that. That's a combination of new price increases that we've launched here throughout the first quarter and then carryover pricing from actions we took throughout last year.
William Jellison: That's great. And then as a follow-up, I wanted to get an update on Muon. What is the expectation for organic growth in that business for 2023? And about how much adjusted EPS contribution is contributing to the guide for the year?
William Grogan: Sure. I mean we haven't disclosed exactly other than it's at -- it will be at the high end of HST growth on a normalized basis. Before we bought them, they had been a double-digit compounder. So really successful with their growth trajectory historically, and we continue to see that here as they progress in the high single digits.  From an EPS perspective, I'd refer you to our annual guide. We didn't break out the individual pieces, but I think incrementally this year, we said $0.43 for Muon, the carryover for Nexsight and KZ, net of the divestiture of Knight.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho.
Brett Linzey: I wanted to come back to HST. So the order's down 23%. Are you able to parse out how much of that decline was specific to the OEM destock versus maybe some softening in other areas of the portfolio?
William Grogan: Brett, I apologize. Can you repeat that question? You broke up on us.
Brett Linzey: Yes, sure. So the first one is on HST. So order's down 23%. Wondering if you're able to parse out how much of that decline was specific to the OEM destock versus softening in other areas of that business?
William Grogan: [Technical Difficulty] million on the onetime order or the blanket that we received last year. So that was a couple of percent of the 23%. The balance is a lot of the market factors that Eric highlighted.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Got it. And just one other one. You talked about some of the barometer businesses pulling back a little bit. How does that shape your thinking around incremental restructuring or further curtailment of some of this discretionary? Do you lean into additional actions here to defend the margins? Just curious what the business planning assumption is.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Look, I think so far, it's very in line with what we had played out in our -- for the year, the planning for it. So remember, we the softening in the back half on the industrial side. We're saying here, this might be some early indications that it will come to fruition. And so in those businesses, we've already made and lined up the discretionary cost reductions and some thought and care around any additions we might make in a way that's completely in line with what we had originally said.  The targeted actions that we spoke about related to the HST destocking phenomenon, those are pretty targeted actions within those businesses. So this is where the -- if you will, the portfolio nature of IDEX really helps us. We can treat these in kind of a differentiated way and occasionally come together on just smart investments around travel and other discretionary things and just do it well as a team.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with TD Cowen.
Joseph Giordano: Sorry, I had muted myself. Can you guys hear me?
William Grogan: Yes.
Joseph Giordano: Okay. Cool. So Nathan had talked about this in his question, but I wanted to follow up there on the inventory thing in HST. Yes, you guys are not typically like components that are overstocked at OEM. So just -- was this a change in behavior like where OEM just acted differently because like unbeknownst to you where they were just buying in excess of their need for a long time, and maybe like maybe that level of granularity is not clear to IDEX? And so that's one.  And then you guys are generally a company that learns pretty quickly. So what do you do differently coming out of this? Or do discussions have to change? Or how do you kind of make sure that's something like this don't catch you off guard again?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, it's a good question. I mean look, if you kind of get it right down to the way that inventory replenishment is done, obviously, your future projections and your assumptions around lead time drive almost all of your requirements. And so in hindsight, now you can view this and think, well, there must have been irrationality there, but I don't think that's actually the case. I think if you are projecting a line in a certain way, and you've been experiencing delivery patterns, not just for us, but for others at a certain level, it's going to say, you need a lot of stuff.  I think part of what's changed here and maybe changed most dramatically is you have kind of a simultaneous -- well, first of all, the calendar change, funny as it sounds, that always tends to bring a different headset. And I think there's some legitimate things out there kind of from a macro perspective that people are wondering about. We're further away from COVID. We're starting to see some pullback in biopharma spending. We have some funding crisis associated with start-ups and things in biopharma places.  So the minute you interject that back into the equation, you potentially go change your assumption on long-term demand, it actually has a pretty striking effect on what you should be bringing in. Now you combine that with the fact that we execute really well, so our lead times and our customer set, returning quickly back to normal, you put those 2 things together, even an automated system is going to say, "Hey, you've probably got too much here."  So back to your point on learnings and things like that. First of all, we're not typically seeing cycles of this magnitude, these kind of swings. But to be fair, maybe in the world to come as we see, and it seems like there's always another chapter around the corner. So I do take your point. And I think higher iteration, really coming together and understanding long-term projections being maybe potentially more transparent with where we are in terms of lead time performance, customer set, making sure that, that's exactly understood not just today, but tomorrow as we move through cycles and swings like this, I think those would be the kind of things that our teams are talking about at both the commercial and the operational level.
Joseph Giordano: No, that's fair. And then just last for me on the FMT side. I mean you talked about April weakening, and I know that your guidance assumes that industrials get worse in the back half of the year. But is the April weakening here kind of like in line in terms of magnitude with what you're contemplating at this point? Like nothing is -- if this was -- did you expect it to start now? Like how consistent is what you're seeing with what you previously thought?
Eric Ashleman: Yes, I mean, I think this is about the pattern that you would expect at some point. I would say, look, this is pretty recent. April, as I said, is often a kind of an interesting month of transition as you move into the spring. So we'll see.  But we're always looking for a slight step down one way or the other, and then uniformity. Because I think that's where, again, the portfolio nature of IDEX comes into play. We're able to kind of see it across a variety of end markets simultaneously, all of which have kind of the same sort of short order fulfillment patterns that have long been known to people.  So when they tend to move in concert with each other, either positively or negatively, it's at least worth looking at and taking a signal. I would say this is a small drop. It is uniform in nature, but that is exactly what we would have probably expected and I think is modeled in ultimately in the back end. And we'll obviously continue to monitor it and talk to you and others about it as we get -- roll through and finish the second quarter.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. And now I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks so much. I apologize, I know we've had some glitches with the technology. Maybe we'll need to put more filters to work on telecommunications.  First of all, I want to thank the IDEX employees. I know there's always some listening in on the call. Very, very strong quarter. You've continued to really perform for the business and for our customers. Thanks to others on the call for your interest and support in the company.  Bottom line here, we knew 2023 was going to be a year of recalibration moving from one state of the world to another. It's playing out more dynamically than we initially suspected in the HST side. But as you can see, we're executing through it. We're taking the appropriate responses in the business.  And I think most importantly, we ultimately believe in the long-term success and outgrowth in those markets. We're talking about coming down from highs to something that's actually pretty typical, but absolutely advantaged. We think it's going to continue that way and then accelerate for years to come.  So through all of these dynamic swings over the last 3 years, I'm really proud of the fact that we've executed well, and we certainly stepped up our capital deployment, really happy to announce the sixth transaction since the beginning of '21 with Iridian, doubled our emerging markets footprint and capability set and continue to strengthen a really unique culture as we've done it.  So we're built for the long haul here. We're confident that we're going to perform and deliver value throughout. And I look forward to updating everybody along the way as the -- in the year to come and the years in the future play out for IDEX. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-01 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2022 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. You may begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial highlights.  Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3 months and full year ending December 31, 2022. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. We will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX' business, including a recap of our recent performance. Bill will then provide a segment outlook for 2023 and discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results as well as our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2023. Eric will then close the call with our key priorities for 2023.  Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number (877) 660-6853 and entering conference ID 13734461 or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman : Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. 2022 was a record year for IDEX. We experienced double-digit organic growth every quarter, driving all 3 of our segments to record sales levels and achieved strong record profitability, driven by solid execution. This year was not without its challenges. We experienced unprecedented inflation as well as a difficult supply chain environment. Despite these obstacles, we achieved some of the strongest financial results we've ever posted. I'd like to thank our IDEX employees around the globe for their efforts and hard work. We also deployed more capital than ever before, investing in our businesses, acquiring new ones and returning capital to our shareholders. We deployed a record $950 million for the acquisitions of Nexsight, KZValve and most recently, the Muon Group. We reinvested back into our core business to increase capacity to support growth and drive productivity and made investments in the commercial engineering and M&A resources that enable us to execute on our best opportunities. We also repurchased 795,000 shares of IDEX stock for $148 million as we followed our opportunistic disciplined approach to buybacks. As we turn to 2023, we are prepared to build upon a very solid foundation. We have strong backlog positions overall, and we continue to leverage innovative technologies to drive targeted growth opportunities. We have healthy price carryover in addition to new price actions to capture the value our products bring to our customers. Finally, we have an opportunity to drive strong productivity as we bring process-driven normalcy back to our operations through the application of the IDEX operating model. However, we're a short-cycle business and with that comes limited visibility. The broad-based supply chain constraints experienced last year have created some new dynamics around order patterns and customer delivery timing. And we predict that 2023 will be an uncertain period of transition as we dynamically calibrate with our customers. Additionally, there are likely to be pockets of demand softness due to a variety of intersecting economic and geopolitical factors. Regardless of these challenges, we will execute and deliver growth above-market entitlements. The short cycle and decentralized nature of our business supports quick adaptation and alignment to shifting conditions. And we will course-correct quickly and effectively when needed. Our balance sheet has ample capacity to support our M&A strategy as well as organic reinvestment. Our extended M&A and strategy team continues to build conviction around our best opportunities, and our funnel is strong and of high quality. We've also identified areas where we will deploy capital organically to expand capacity, capture market share and drive operational productivity. IDEX had a strong finish to an outstanding year in 2022. Our agility, resiliency and our fundamental ability to execute has IDEX exceptionally well positioned to outperform as we move forward.  With that, I'll turn it over to Bill to discuss the outlook for our segments on Page 7.
William Grogan: Thanks, Eric. In our Fluid & Metering Technology segment, industrial day rates were steady in the fourth quarter, and we expect they remain at this level in the near term with strong price support. We've seen initial signs that customers are returning to a book-and-bill order pattern, consistent with pre-pandemic behavior. We continue to monitor day rates to evaluate longer-term expectations as this is our most short-cycle market exposure. We expect another strong year in agricultural business with strong farmer sentiment and high crop prices. We continue to see positive signals from both our OEMs and distributors and a trend towards investing in precision technologies as a means of mitigating higher input costs. We are on our next phase of process automation at Banjo and see continued improvement in delivery and efficiencies putting us in a good position to capture share. Our outlook for our municipal water business continues to be favorable. The healthy quoting activity we experienced over the past few quarters is expected to translate into 2023 growth. And we continue to identify opportunities to leverage our technology to capture new programs. The EPA just received record funding and the Infrastructure Bill could provide a tailwind in the back half of the year. The chemical markets overall are soft. We see opportunities for growth in U.S. green energies and strong project activity in the Middle East, but this is offset by softer European demand due to higher energy costs and cuts to production capacity. In our energy business, we see favorable demand for energy exports and natural gas production as well as continued oil price support. However, customers continue to delay larger investments as they focus on cost, inventory and supply chain issues. The strong price capture and productivity achieved in 2022 as well as new pricing actions in '23 will continue to drive improvements in FMT margins with some risk of offset from lost volume leverage, depending on the second half volumes. Moving on to the Health & Science Technology segment. We expect HST to remain our highest growth segment. Our life sciences and analytical instrumentation businesses will continue to grow in '23 due to strong next-gen sequencing applications and continued expansion of cell-based therapies in various chromatography and mass spec applications. In the short term, however, several of our OEM customers are holding excess inventory, driving volume out of the first quarter and into the balance of the year. We believe this is a short-term issue, and the overall market outlook remains extremely positive for this sector. Our targeted growth initiatives tied to a wide variety of applications from satellites and space, to energy-efficient fuel cells continue to perform well, and our industrial businesses are seeing market trends similar to FMTs. We are seeing some slowing in semiconductor market, driven by higher memory device inventory levels and declining customer chip spending. Fabrication spending and new fab construction are both expected to be down for the year. That said, we provide critical consumable components for a large installed base, which tends to be more stable despite end market and CapEx cycles. Where we play in the market and our recent share gains are expected to drive continued outperformance versus the broader market. We are seeing overall signs of slowing demand in pharma and biopharma, particularly around larger projects. Customers are hesitant to make larger investments given inflation and higher interest rates. India continues to accelerate and the easing of China restrictions could drive growth and recovery in the region to offset some. Lastly, our auto business is expected to perform well. Global auto production is stable, and our presence in premium vehicle segments in EV and hybrids is driving a faster recovery as compared to the overall market. HST margins will expand in '23 due to pricing, productivity and volume, partially offset by continued reinvestment in our highest growth businesses and some mix headwinds in the short term due to expected life science AI demand patterns. Finally, we expect our Fire Safety and Diversified Products segment will experience growth towards the lower end of our guided range. In fire safety, U.S. and European fire OEM volumes remain constrained by supply chain and throughput issues, but backlogs are strong and volumes are steady. We expect continued share gain with smaller builders that are coming online to capture surplus demand. Our rescue business remains positive with strong NPD, and we continue to leverage our integrated model to drive distribution growth. We expect our Banjo business to continue to outperform across industrial, automotive and energy markets as it leverages its inventory and differentiation to capture share. Finally, our dispensing business has achieved strong results for the last 2 years, but will be down in 2023, driven by lower North American project volume as customer equipment refresh cycles approach their final innings. We continue to see growth in India, offset by some moderating demand in Europe and Southeast Asia. For the segment, we expect price cost and operational productivity will drive margin expansion with some offset for mix as we see lower dispensing project volume in the segment. With that, I'll discuss our financial results. Moving on to our consolidated financial results on Slide 9. Q4 orders of $803 million, were up 1% overall and up 1% organically. We experienced continued orders growth in FMT, driven by strong water and energy results and an FSD due to strong fire and rescue orders as well as the receipt of a large project order for dispensing in the quarter. HST orders were down 8%, mainly due to the life science and AI OEM orders and softer semi demand I highlighted earlier. For the year, orders were up 8% overall and up 5% organically. We experienced positive orders growth across all 3 of our segments. Fourth quarter sales of $811 million, were up 13% overall and up 12% organically. We experienced nearly 20% organic growth in HST and strong growth across both FMT and FSD. Full year sales of $3.2 billion, were up 15% overall and up 13% organically. We saw strong double-digit growth across FMT and HST and 9% growth in FSD. Q4 margin contracted by 140 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 and adjusted gross margin of 43.6% contracted by 40 basis points. This was driven by unfavorable mix within HST and FSD, the dilutive impact of acquisitions, employee-related inflation and unfavorable productivity in HST, partially offset by volume leverage and strong price cost. For the full year, gross margins expanded by 50 basis points, and adjusted gross margins expanded by 10 basis points to 44.8%, primarily driven by strong volume leverage, positive price/cost and productivity, more than offsetting employee-related inflation and engineering resource investments. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 27%, up 10 basis points versus 2021. A bridge of Q4 adjusted EBITDA as well as Q4 adjusted operating income can be found in the appendix of this presentation. Full year adjusted EBITDA margin of 27.9%, is up 20 basis points versus 2021's adjusted EBITDA of 27.7%. This represents record profitability for IDEX. I will discuss the drivers of full year adjusted EBITDA on the next slide. Our Q4 effective tax rate of 20.5%, decreased versus last year's effective tax rate of 22.5%, primarily due to tax benefits realized as we recognize certain foreign currency impacts for tax purposes with the funding of the Muon Group acquisition. Our full year effective tax rate of 21.7% also included tax benefits from the sale of our Knight business and was down from the 2021 effective tax rate of 22.5%. Fourth quarter net income was $130 million, which resulted in an EPS of $1.71 Adjusted net income was $153 million, with an adjusted EPS of $2.01, which was up $0.30 or 18% over prior year. Full year net income was $587 million, which resulted in an EPS of $7.71. Adjusted net income was $618 million, resulting in an EPS of $8.12, up $1.25 or 18% over prior year adjusted EPS. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $147 million, 96% of adjusted net income, mainly driven by improved working capital performance. For the year, free cash flow was $489 million, down 1% versus last year and coming in at 79% of adjusted net income. mainly driven by higher net working capital, partly offset by higher income. As we exit the year, we made progress in reducing core business inventories and have momentum behind us to continue to drive further reduction into next year. Moving on to Slide 10, which details the drivers of our total year adjusted EBITDA. Full year adjusted EBITDA increased $119 million compared to 2021 and Our 13% organic growth contributed approximately $91 million flowing through at our prior year gross margin rate. We levered well on the volume increase and had record price capture to offset record inflation. Price/cost was accretive to margins and has returned to historic levels. As we exited the year, all 3 of our segments posted positive price/cost results. We drove operational productivity to offset supply chain-driven inefficiencies and realized the benefits of our energy and Italian site consolidations. Mix was a small positive for the year. We saw unfavorable mix pressure in the fourth quarter of about $3 million that were reversed a majority of the year-to-date favorability. We invested $20 million taking in the form of engineering and commercial resources in the business and M&A and diversity equity inclusion resources in corporate. Tracking to the lower end of the $0.20 to $0.25 of full year spend we highlighted at the beginning of the year. Discretionary spending increased by $25 million versus last year, closer to the high end of the $0.20 to $0.25 range on significantly higher sales than our original guide. We exited the year with a solid 30% organic flow-through. ABEL, Nexsight, KZValve and Muon acquisitions, net of the Knight divestiture and FX contributed an additional $14 million of adjusted EBITDA. Inclusive of acquisitions, divestitures and FX, we also delivered 30% flow-through. With that, I would like to provide an update on our outlook for the first quarter and full year 2023. I'm on Slide 11. We expect full year organic revenue growth to be in the range of 1% to 5%. This range reflects the uncertainty in the second half of the year given the short-cycle nature of our business. This organic growth rate equates to $0.12 to $0.60 depending on the top line results. This range includes price cost, which we anticipate will be positive for the year and some mix pressure stemming from HST and dispensing volume in FSD. We expect that our operational productivity will more than offset pressure from employee-related wage and benefits inflation. We operated in a challenging supply chain environment in 2022, and we expect the easing of these conditions as well as driving our own internal productivity funnel will deliver $0.06 to $0.08 of net productivity for the year. In 2022, we returned to a more sustainable level of discretionary spending post-pandemic and invested in the people needed to drive our strategy. Travel and external services did not fully rebound until the second quarter of 2022. And we hired an increasing rate as we move through the year. Although our spend is only moderately increased versus our 4Q exit rate, we'll see pressure of approximately $0.09 on a year-over-year basis. This impact is entirely felt in the first quarter of 2023. Although not to the same level as in 2022, we will continue to invest for the future. People, new products as well as applications for existing products, and these investments will provide up to $0.20 of pressure in 2023, depending on top line results. The range indicates how we will focus on resource allocation and an uncertain period and dial in our investments appropriately. Net of the divestiture of our Knight business last year, we expect acquisitions to contribute $168 million of revenue and $0.43 of EPS. Now let's look at a couple of non-operational items. Interest expense associated with the Muon acquisition represents a headwind of $0.12, and we expect FX to be a small impact, providing $0.02 of EPS pressure. So in summary, we are projecting organic revenue growth of 1% to 5% for the year, adjusted EPS expectations are in the range of $8.50 to $8.80, a 5% to 8% growth over 2022. The midpoint of our guidance implies a solid 30% adjusted EBITDA flow-through. Moving on to Slide 12. We I'll now provide some additional details regarding our 2023 guidance for both the first quarter and full year. In the first quarter, we are projecting GAAP EPS to range from $1.74 to $1.79 and adjusted EPS to range from $1.98 to $2.03, with organic revenue of 3% to 5% and adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 27%. Our guidance includes $0.07 of pressure from accelerated recognition of share-based compensation as well as a delay in HST OEM shipments to the latter part of the second quarter that is lowering our organic growth expectations for the quarter. These factors, plus the carryover item I mentioned on the previous slide, mutes our year-over-year flow-through for the quarter, but expect to deliver solid flow-through for the year. Turning to the full year 2023. We project GAAP EPS of $7.55 to $7.85 and adjusted EPS to range from $8.50 to $8.80. We expect full year organic revenue growth of 1% to 5% and adjusted EBITDA margins to be 28% or higher. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be about $70 million, in line with 2022 spending as we continue to identify opportunities to reinvest in our core businesses. And free cash flow is expected to be 100-plus percent of adjusted net income.  With that, I'll turn it back to Eric.
Eric Ashleman : Thanks, Bill. I'm on the final slide, Slide 13. Before we open the call for questions, I'd like to wrap up with a summary of our 2023 focus areas. First, we are refocusing our efforts on a foundational set of practices and tools that link us together the IDEX operating model as we exit 2 intense years of double-digit organic growth within an environment of temporal barriers and obstacles. This is a year to double down on the core execution elements that make us an excellent company. The use of daily management, monthly business reviews, goal deployment and other tools have long been a source of efficiency, innovation and growth for IDEX as market conditions, particularly within supply chains, begin to return to historic norms, we must seize the opportunity to optimize our process-driven fundamental business practices to best support future growth and outperformance. Second, we are committed to growing our talent at an even faster rate to fuel future IDEX growth. Our excellent execution is led by incredible leaders around the world who are committed to our core values to developing top-performing talent and creating an inspiring company culture that attracts and retains the best people. Diversity, equity and inclusion continues to be an area of focus, creating environments where people feel they belong and are comfortable bringing their true selves to work each and every day. One talent note I want to address is the recent departure of Melissa Aquino. If you recall from our last session together, I introduced her as the new leader of the FMT and FSD segments. Melissa made a difficult decision to go back to a previous employer to take an opportunity she felt she could not pass up. We wish her well in her new endeavors and continue the search for her replacement. In the meantime, the gap has allowed me to step in, get closer to our businesses and spend time with an outstanding group of business leaders. Lastly, we've deployed $1.5 billion over the last 2 years on high-quality growth businesses, and we look forward to deploying additional capital in 2023. Our M&A teams have made tremendous progress identifying compelling portfolio extensions. Our funnel is in the best shape it's been over my tenure at IDEX and our strong operating cash flow and balance sheet put us in a great position to continue to capitalize on those opportunities. Although the short-term economic picture might be uncertain, I could not be more excited as I consider the next few years of our story. I believe we're headed into an extended period of growth and above-market performance fueled by a combination of technology-driven tailwinds and our own high-quality business potential. Our businesses are first rate, our teams are outstanding, our culture is special.  With that, let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak : I just want to go back to your comment on optimizing processes and how we should think about that inventory is certainly a one that's been a target just because you've had to build it up to deal with some of the supply chain issues. But maybe a little bit more color about how you're thinking about that.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. And that's probably the area with the best example. We're coming off an environment where a lot of even the best intentional processes kind of turn into chasing things, looking for parts and waiting for the truck to come in at noon, all of that kind of stuff. So as that moderates and gets better, we just want to be intentional to make sure that we're going back and putting in those process-based fundamentals, the right people in the right room, having the right kind of conversations. That's actually how we're going to -- we frankly made a nice turn here in the fourth quarter on inventory. We got a long way to go, but we're really excited about that potential for us moving forward. But I think it's just -- I think everybody should be very thoughtful of recognizing that the way things have worked the last couple of years, if you're not intentional about reorienting it back to something that operates in a higher plane, it's going to lag. And so we're taking that opportunity.
Allison Poliniak : Got it. And then just turning to free cash flow, still a little bit below historical performance for IDEX in terms of that conversion. Is it really just that inventory holding it back? I would say, what would be the lever to drive it higher at this point and sort of back to normal for you guys?
William Grogan: Yes. So in the fourth quarter, we talked to the third quarter inventory stabilized. It wasn't a detriment to cash flow. Here in the fourth quarter, it added about $20 million of free cash flow, the movement we made on our position, and we continue to see that momentum. I think we've got line of sight to a half a turn to a full turn of inventory improvements as we progress through the year. It will be a significant driver of our cash flow performance as we go from, obviously, less than historical averages on our free cash flow conversion to last year being 100-plus percent, which will yield somewhere between 30% and 40% increase in free cash flow year-over-year. So I think that's a huge win as we progress through the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird.
Michael Halloran : So a couple of questions here. First on the guidance. Obviously, the commentary on the first quarter and some pushouts, plus a lot of the commentary about basically expected volatility through the year. How have you cadence that guidance? Is it relative to normal seasonality? I mean how do you think about first half, back half versus a normal year? Not that we've had a lot of normal years lately, but any kind of context you give to how you're thinking about what that cadencing looks like and how much kind of caution maybe you've put in there given what that backdrop looks like?
William Grogan: Yes. I think we're generally first half, second half is fairly close, 49, 50, 51, 49, something like that. So this year, I think the implied guide is a stronger first half with volume starting to decline in the back half. We've got pretty strong price carryover and price capture that will put in place here in the first quarter that will carry at least the price side. And then just the implied volumes in the back half are down somewhere between 2% to 4%.
Michael Halloran : Great. That's helpful. Makes sense. And then the comment on order volatility expected is the -- essentially the booking to shipment time period compresses or return to normal. Are you essentially suggesting that you're going to be seeing some pretty volatile order patterns in a year, but maybe a little bit more linear demand patterns as we work through the year relative to the kind of front half, back half comments you just made, Bill? Is that basically a warning sign for -- in your view for what those order rates might be, but don't over extrapolate relative to the underlying demand?
William Grogan: Yes. No, I think that's well said. I mean it's a recalibration year, just like we had dynamic recalibration on the way up and recovery from the pandemic and supply chain issues and things like that, stimulus. Now we -- I think we're going to be returning to more normal patterns. But given the nature of IDEX, that's liable to play out at differentiated rates. So we see some more of it, as you'd expect, in some of those OEM-centric markets within HST, where we're a lot closer to the customer. It's more high velocity anyways. And you can see a bit of a pause there to take a breath, take some inventory out of their system. And then those are healthy markets on the other side of them. Some of our industrial businesses that are a little further away from the end customer, lots of distribution between us and them, lots more fragmentation. I think you'll see some of those same things play out over time, but probably a little further down the road. And so what we're kind of expecting here is that from a high level, you'll see things return to more normal rates were off in the backlog or the order rates and the sales rates are pretty tightly linked for us, unless we're sort of beginning or ending the cycle. But I think that what's a little unusual here is just the way it will play out. The nature of it, given just the differentiated pockets of IDEX, and so we're prepared for all of that. What we're trying to do on one side is look at it, adjust to it, course correct, but then always looking on the other side so that we don't over interpret something in the short end. Think it means something that's sustainable for 2, 3 years when it doesn't, and we keep resources aligned in places that have the best growth prospects for us.
Michael Halloran : Appreciate that. One quick one, just a clarification. Slide 7 with the arrows within the range. Are those arrows implying high end and lower of the range for the HST and FSD? Or are you suggesting a little bit above, a little bit below and then the green clarification?
William Grogan: Yes, exactly. HST on the high end of the range, FMT in the middle and then FSD at the lower end of the range.
Michael Halloran : Got it. But still the range.
Operator: Our next question is from Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: I'm just going to -- I'm going to follow up on Mike's question -- last question there and follow up on this recalibration of orders and things like that. IDEX doesn't typically have a lot of inventory, a lot of channels. But I'm sure there are some pockets of the business where there are some inventory in new channels. How are you thinking about the potential for your customers to destock some of their inventory and for that to be a pause in demand for you guys? Is that something that you baked into that down 2% to 4% volume in the second half?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean there's definitely some of that in there. I think, as you know, we're kind of low on the food chain. We do a lot of component work for people who then turn it into subsystems in terms of the final system. So at any point, along that food chain, there's the potential for accumulation and then frankly, the normalization of it along the way. I think what we're thinking about, though, is when you think of how order patterns are generated many of them are actually done in an automated way. There actually isn't a lot of human intervention. And the two factors that drive it, the most are, of course, lead times and whether or not they're pulling in, and we're seeing that. We're seeing that kind of across the supply base. We're experiencing as well. A factor a lot of people don't consider as much though is volatility or variability. And so even when lead times are pulling in, if you still have an inability to count on it, it will tend to keep driving higher demand requirements throughout the system. So we're kind of monitoring both of those. And as any one of them comes to something more normal, almost always, you're going to see an impact on that on the other side for a short cycle business like ourselves. I don't think it's a massive number because, as you say, most of the things we make are customized and they don't stock well anyways. But we're coming off a pretty robust time here. I do think this calibration matters. It will play out over time through much of IDEX. Again, I think the focus for us is to understand it make sure that our own inventory positions and resources are calibrated right, but then be very, very focused on end market demand, what's driving that, what's the actual consumption rate on the other side because that ultimately is what you want to dial in to.
Nathan Jones: I think maybe the question on supply chain. I think over the last couple of years, generally, all of these lead times have stretched out. But for IDEX's businesses, the delays have really been up your supply chain because you buy these highly value-added components. So there's a number of steps for them to go through. And as they compress, that's compressing the order to ship time. So can you talk about where your supply chain is relative to where it was in 2019 chain? How much better it's got, how much there is still to go? And what your general assumption is now for getting back to something like normal? Does it happen in '23? Does it happen in '24?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Sure. I mean, I would say, in general, it's improved a lot and pretty close to where we were in 2019 with a few commodity exceptions. I'd put probably put electronics still at the top of that list. But frankly, we're not the most electronics intensive business. So it matters, but it's not widespread across the company. I think I would also remind everybody on the call, we have a lot of local supply. So we're typically dealing with people we've known a long time that are not far away all through the kind of the worst of it. In many cases, we were helping them. We were kind of sending people over to figure things out, help improve their flow. It's those kind of relationships. So -- and given that, that sort of topology, these are the kind of companies that can course correct a little better and generally have. I would say we're not yet normalized to 2019 levels all across IDEX. We're definitely past the halfway line. So depending on how the year plays out, you could see us basically articulating a normal condition, I think, closer to year-end, certainly as we begin the next year, absent any other force that we can't see.
Operator: Our next question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: I was hoping we could unpack the margins in HST. I know you gave some of the color in the prepared remarks. You certainly had the top line. And -- but you didn't get the margin read-through. It's unlike price/cost was positive. You gave some of the other data points. Was mix a factor? Just -- and how much of this was temporary versus how you expect it to play out the rest of this year?
William Grogan: Yes. I think there's 3 things there, Deane. One, we continue to face some of the inefficiencies. We talked about here as we progress through the back half of the year. Some of those businesses have grown 20% and still calibrating on some of the manufacturability of some of this cutting-edge technology that they have. Two was some mix within the portfolio. We talked about some of the short-term OEM pushouts. A lot of that has been kind of our book and ship components that are higher margin. And then the last one, just the addition of Muon, they were only in the portfolio for a month. They were shut down to do a full physical inventory that, that diluted margins a little bit. The Muon on will go away in the first quarter. I think we're making progress on the productivity piece, but the mix, I think, is still a component that we'll experience in the first quarter. Yes, so we've got the volume impact and then that mix carrying through at least through the next 3 months.
Deane Dray: Got it. That's helpful. And just expectations on price cost into '23. Is there more pricing initiatives you need to put through? Or is this all-carryover benefit?
William Grogan: No. We've got carryover and the incremental pricing actions that we took to kick off the year. Obviously, that's part of our normal process and cadence to continue to capture the value for our products. So I think we're in a really good position from a price cost. We said in the fourth quarter, we're back to historic levels, and we think that will continue here as we progress through the year. If something were to change, obviously, we go back to the customers with an incremental increase, but we're well positioned here as we kick off the year.
Deane Dray: Great. Just last question, I'm not sure how specific you can get, and I really appreciate the prepared remarks and some of the earlier questions about fleshing out the transition period year. Just right from the supply chain normalizing changes, order behavior, we get that. But we just saw the ISM taking another step down, orders another step down. With all your short-cycle businesses, this is a great canary in a coal mine company to like gauge lead time changes, and you've given fabulous color here. If we total up the collection of soft pockets of business, is this a demand deterioration you're seeing broadly? Could it be the early signs of it? Or do you feel like these are more temporary? Just kind of step back and say, okay, from seeing these trends, how does it look to you for the businesses that you touch play out for the course of the next couple of quarters?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I'd say, Deane, it's still pretty early. I mean everything we're kind of talking about here near term that there was some exposure in Q4 and some carry into Q1. That's very much a temporal condition and otherwise very active and strong markets where you can see, hey, people are taking a pause for all the reasons that you just suggested. Those bellwethers that we have on the industrial side, most of which their order side is coming through the small order flow side, honestly, those are holding up. We're simply, in some cases, projecting that if you combine a couple of things, we kind of know where those inventory levels are, we know how they think about planning, we know where we are from a lead time perspective. We're saying at some point, we expect we'll have some of that moderation there, but it really isn't in front of us as we sit here today. And then back half of the year is more of a macro call than anything else as we think about kind of floor and top end of the range for all of IDEX. So I think your question is helpful because it helps us kind of parse that we'll at least put out there, hey, we're seeing some of these things from an early indication standpoint, but most of them are in a temporal spot. We can imagine some things that would be bigger pieces of IDEX, more industrial in nature that would kind of follow the same calibration. And then ultimately, like everyone else, we're kind of thinking about where does the future go back half of the year, it's more of a macro question.
Deane Dray: Yes. That's exactly the color I was looking for. Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer : Your order commentary has been very clear and helpful. And I appreciate it. I'm sorry to sneak in one more on it. But just in general, HST, a vertical that had more excess inventory given some of the, the disruptions across the whole vertical. And then do you have a sense that supply chain has actually gotten a lot better or orders like coming in as people anticipated getting better? I'm just wondering if that's already happened, where people can feel more confidence in lead times, I guess, across the businesses, or whether it's an anticipation of that? And then I had an M&A question, if I could.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, I think the first question, I wouldn't say that those businesses in the HST world, have more inventory. I would say that they have more sophisticated planning. I think that we've typically seen in any cycle, there's just -- they're bigger organizations, they're a little bit more formal, they're usually a little quicker to react to cycles. And when they do it, that's a more of a concentrated industry anyways. So it tends to be kind of amplified that way. So there's nothing that tells me that somehow that they're sitting on more than anywhere else. And it's in any way, frankly, unusual from some other patterns we've seen when things change. So I'd say that's number one. Remind me again on the second question, I want to make sure I get the exact essence. You talked about supply chain confidence.
Robert Wertheimer: Exactly. Yes. So whether spy chain has already gotten better and that lets people have more confidence in lead times and thus destock a bit or whether that's not happened yet?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, again, I think, think of it as 2 variables. One is lead time compression, that's absolute. And I think people are seeing that. They're seeing that quoted to them when they call and ask about things. I would say the second component that I mentioned that is important, though, is the performance against those quotations. Neither one of them yet are kind of back to where they need to be. They're both improved, but they both work together. And frankly, that second piece, the one about sort of assurance and delivery against commitments, has a huge psychological impact. And I think it's one of the -- I think it's actually the more powerful of the two. So if people say, hey, it's still longer, but I know I'm going to get it exactly want to ask for it, they'll actually make that move in a more fundamental way. If they're still getting surprised from time to time, that tends to fuel a little bit of this. I'm going to keep some things, I'm going to protect some things. So both are moving. And as we continue to talk through the year, you'll hear us talk about both sides of that.
Robert Wertheimer: That was very helpful. Just in general, we've had, I think, a reasonably solid level of deal activity you guys have done great over the last year. Your characterization of buyers market just among potential targets for acquisition and whether PE matters for you guys and whether there's less intense competition there. And I will stop.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean -- so in general, our story is a good one here. I mean we've had some good performance over the last couple of years, some great businesses we brought in. I've talked from time to time about the intention of work we've done to sort of build strategic conviction in a really, really formal way that contributes to the basic business intelligence that we have from all the businesses across IDEX. So the things that we control are in a great spot. As we think of them engaging with the outside world, we've always been careful to help people understand that we're fishing in a very high-quality universe that I think, in some ways, holds up and it doesn't move around as much in terms of valuations and even timing of transactions, particularly to do this work well. So -- on the PE front, they're often competing with us for properties like this. They too are attracted to companies like this. And I will say it's probably a little less activity competitively there or people that have been able to raise funding and be in the game. But we've long aspired with this work that we're doing to sort of be ahead of that anyway with cultivation on a proprietary nature, talking to people that we meet at the trade shows, those kind of things so that we're not actually in kind of a classic bake-off with lots of people anyways. It's an efficient market, so it doesn't always happen when it does. I think the dynamic around PE activity is absolutely true. Valuations overall still pretty rich because, again, we're looking for high-quality companies like the last 3 that we've brought into the business.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Graham with Loop Capital Markets.
Scott Graham : And Eric, thank you for all that transparency that was great. So the question is -- maybe I missed it because I was writing away because you talk -- saying so many things. Did you tell us what pricing was in the quarter?
William Grogan: No, no one asked it. It was over 5%.
Scott Graham : And the gap was it that still about like 50-ish?
William Grogan: On price cost?
Scott Graham : Yes.
William Grogan: Yes. We said it was back to our historical level, so right around there.
Scott Graham : Okay. And then the carryover for next year, can you tell us what that would be?
William Grogan: Yes. I mean overall price next year is somewhere around 3% to 4%, about half of it is carryover.
Scott Graham : Got it. So I was just wondering also with the -- thank you, Bill. I was just wondering also with the step-down in the first quarter organic, is that mostly FMT and maybe secondarily, FSD in the organic?
William Grogan: No, it's mostly HST. We highlighted just some of the temporal moves from some of the OEMs as they recalibrate order patterns and inventory levels, that's the major driver.
Scott Graham : Okay. And then I guess my sort of last question here is also on the M&A environment, I mean, in the past, you guys have sort of talked about what's available and a little bit about the funnel. Is there anything more you can say than what you've already said on M&A? Is that still the spreads been kind of coming in a little bit? Or anything changed?
Eric Ashleman: No. I mean, as I said just a minute ago that we're still looking for high-quality properties. Those valuations tend to hold up over time. because of the long track record usually predating our conversation and the expectation you'll have a good trail on the other side. I just think from an availability front, we've got more than ample capacity, even though we've deployed a lot over the last 2 years. The great part of being IDEXX is we generate that capacity each and every day. And then I think our targets, we really have not changed. We kind of are comfortable with a band of about $0.5 billion to $1 billion. And if long considered that to be a good target for us here in the next couple of years, sort of regardless of the cycle and they're generating all the right work to go realize that.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Blair with Oppenheimer & Company.
Bryan Blair: I was wondering if you could offer a little more of a profile on the lung group, maybe a rough breakout of key end market exposures across semi, med tech, food and beverage and others. -- where historical growth rates have been -- how the current market environment impacts '23 expectations and where there's the greatest opportunity to extend or accelerate growth within the IDEXX portfolio going forward?
William Grogan: Brian, we said about 2/3 of the business is in those major categories you started with on the medical, semi and food side, the balance in a variety of different applications. We've said it's grown at double digits here the last several years. It's got line of sight to continue to do that here as we progress even with some of the noise out there in the semicon market, where they play in this space is still healthy. They've got innovative technology that they continue to roll out. So we remain bullish on their growth profile both on core products and some of the NPD applications that we've gotten to know a little bit more as we progress through the last couple of months of our ownership.
Eric Ashleman: And then really past that, I mean, we did say there's some customer points that we have that they don't have that over time, we think, are interesting and we could exploit those. And that's very interesting things on the kind of codevelopment fronts, but the cycle of those are going to be further out in the future. So this always kind of was a game of capitalizing on the near-term strength and success of that business in those markets with sort of this additive element that we're going to work over time to enrich it with all the IDEXX assets.
Bryan Blair: Definitely makes sense. And given the composition of Man Group, the -- from what I can see at least 5 businesses, I'm not certain divisions or platforms they're in. Are there any unique aspects of integration that you would call out? And I guess just to level set, obviously, this is a growth opportunity. But are there cost synergies?
Eric Ashleman: I mean, not so much within the IDEXX topology and things like that. I mean some certain things we do to leverage back office and being part of the company. But it's not kind of a classic story of us kind of putting things together and moving plants around. The -- as you often see in businesses like this, I mean a lot of that technology is resident in people. I think the single biggest lever that we anticipate pulling here absent that 1 is 80-20. I mean it's just the implementation of that model. And I can absolutely assure you their profile is very IDEX-like out of the gate, which means there are opportunities there to streamline and simplify it.
Bryan Blair: Okay. Excellent. And 1 last one, if I can. You've called out an increase in project activity in municipal water. -- over recent quarters, there's obviously a lot of funding for domestic projects. Are you willing to offer some finer points on that front? How much the project funnel has expanded anticipated 2023 growth? Anything along those lines?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean it's -- of course, it manifests itself across a series of franchises and very kind of different technologies that we have. So I would probably just roll back to very, very positive. The quote activity has been strong here at the end of last year continues into this year for all of the dynamics that you're citing, everything from EPA funding and enforcement possibilities, which has always been a catalyst for the businesses that we own now. as well as broader infrastructure support over time, which always takes a little longer to land but also has a potential to extend some of the growth time frames that we're thinking about into the future. So we're well positioned. We're continuing to kind of work those assets together. And then -- and this is an area of focus for us as we think about deploying some capital to.
Operator: Our next question is from Brett Linzey with Mizuho Americas.
Brett Linzey : Just wanted to come back to the excess OEM inventory comment. Any sense in terms of months or weeks of inventory on hand at those OEs that needs to get worked down? And then -- any color or specific product customer segments that you're referring to there?
William Grogan: No. I think from a segment, I think it's most of -- we described within some of the comments within our life sciences and total instrumentation, the folks in that group from a magnitude perspective on what they're holding in from inventory, I wouldn't speak to that other than just conversations with them, there is a calibration period that we're going through. As Eric highlighted earlier in the call, this isn't atypical to what we've seen historically we've gone through really robust cycles of growth. There is a quarter or 2 of recalibration to normalize and then back off. I think as you hear any of the external commentary for those large customers, they are still bullish on their equipment deliveries and the growth that they're going to see in 2023.
Brett Linzey : All right. Makes sense. And then just shifting to the resource investment you contemplated for the guide. $0 to $0.20. I mean certainly a wide range given the macro and understand that. But historically, I'd say IDEX consistently invested regardless of the state of the environment. What type of situation really drives you to that lower end? And then maybe just a little color on some of the various projects that are being contemplated there.
Eric Ashleman: Absolutely. We always think of investing and investing for the future and investing to grow. One of the great things about a company like ours, though, is we can move things around sideways. -- a lot to help us kind of hit the lower end of that range and still make the right choices for the right businesses. And so whenever you see us talking about stuff like a 0, it's actually still very dynamic here. it's just to be candid, we would take businesses that are in softer parts of the universe, and we would quite intentionally like pull those down, lead them out a lot. And redistribute those costs elsewhere to parts of IDEXX that are stronger, sometimes literally taking the same people. and putting them over in stronger parts of IDEXX. So we actually have that nice optionality down at the lower end of the range, but keeps it all moving and allows us to kind of weather a storm if it happens.
Operator: And our final question is from Joe Giordano with Cowen and Company.
Joseph Giordano: Just a couple of follow-ups on orders here. So if I look at HST, obviously, the orders there on an organic basis, the weakest across the portfolio, but the growth for the year on revenue expected to be the best. Like -- so when -- at what point kind of as you get through the year, do you need to see orders start to stabilize or start accelerating again before like you get a little bit more concerned about the organic revenue profile going forward.
William Grogan: Yes. I think we have a while. HST is our biggest backlog. They've built the most backlog out of the 3 segments. So really comfortable with their position here as we go through the first half of the year. We said this calibration on the OEM inventory levels is generally a quarter maybe it spreads into the second. So we're confident that we're going to see that start to pick up and move as we progress into the back half of the year.
Joseph Giordano: And then similar on FMT -- sorry, on diversified dispensing is a headwind this year on a revenue basis, but it looks like orders kind of picked back up to almost essentially peak levels that you saw like a year ago. So are you starting to see that? Like do you feel more comfortable about the visibility? Are those like 24 orders, I guess, essentially for dispensing that you're getting on.
William Grogan: No, the Q4 we got for dispensing will book in the second and third quarter of this year. Yes, Dispensing orders were up 25%, but their sales were down 20-plus percent in the fourth quarter. So this is -- that was the 1 last order to give us kind of the full set of visibility to still reasonable performance, but down, that's going to mask a little bit of the strong organic growth that we expect from Fire & Safety and Bandon next year.
Joseph Giordano: You'd expect the dispensing orders to move back down --
William Grogan: I mean, sorry, verified orders to move back down from like fourth quarter levels.
Joseph Giordano: Yes. Yes, definitely.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing comments.
Eric Ashleman : Okay. Well, thank you all for joining and listening to our story. And I know there were a lot of moving pieces there in an environment that's got some pluses and minuses and things that are playing out. So I'll keep this really, really simple. I want to, again, thank all the folks from IDEXX. 2022 was a great year. I mean really, really outstanding year, incredible growth, focused on the right things, getting capital to work, and we grew our people, we grew our culture. I think 2020, this is going to be an equally great year, and it really sets us up for the future to come. We talked a little bit in my last framing comments there about the power of execution. We're really excited about that. We think we've got a chance here to go establish even a little bit more competitive advantage as we jump on this and recalibrate to the world to come. So we're all over it. We're doing that actively. And then just as passionately, we've got a number of teams that are thinking about the future, what comes in 5 years, what comes in 10 years, and we're going to make the choices that we have to to capitalize on those too. So -- thanks for your support and interest, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to IDEX Corporation’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. You may begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter 2022 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months ending September 30, 2022. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. Today we’ll begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX's business, then Bill will discuss IDEX third quarter financial results provide an update on segment performance in the markets we serve and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number (877) 660-6853 and entering conference ID 13724804 or simply log on to our company home page for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to safe harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. Our global teams achieved excellent results in the third quarter. We delivered record sales, adjusted EPS and free cash flow. Organic sales grew 15% with double digit record growth across all three of our segments. Orders moderated a bit in the quarter, but backlog positions remain robust overall. It's been a strong record setting year so far for IDEX, not easy to achieve in this environment. I'd like to thank all our IDEX employees around the globe for their outstanding efforts. On the capital deployment side, last month we announced our intent to acquire the Muon Group for €700 million, marking our largest acquisition to date. Muon expands upon a growing core of market-leading precision components technologies, an area of the portfolio we continue to invest in both organically and inorganically. Muon’s technical capabilities like many others within IDEX are well positioned, differentiated, and tunable towards high growth niche applications within broader mega-trends. Muon technology solve critical problems within the most demanding application sets of semi manufacturing, patient care within med tech, food production, and other high quality markets. This acquisition demonstrates the success of our expanded M&A strategy. We combine bottoms-up business intelligence with analysis and insights from a small, strategic community across IDEX to build conviction within a grid of high quality niche applications. Increasingly, as we build and optimize the portfolio, we find that we can drive growth within a target vertical from multiple points organically from within IDEX businesses and externally via M&A. We think this approach is unique and advantaged. It leverages 80-20 in segmentation, our operating model and the quality and strength of our diverse collection of businesses. We also completed the sale of our Knight LLC business in the third quarter. Knight supports cleaning and sanitization within hospitality and janitorial markets. As we've discussed in the past, we continually seek to optimize our portfolio. When we identify businesses or product lines that would grow and thrive for other owners we've divested those assets. I want to express my appreciation to the Knight team for all they have contributed in their 25 years with IDEX. Next, I want to share some exciting organizational news. I'm happy to announce that Melissa Aquino recently joined IDEX, as Senior Vice President, Group executive for FMT and FSD. Melissa has a broad understanding of what it takes to grow and succeed as a team in manufacturing, having served in a wide variety of commercial, operational and leadership roles. She has scale and depth of experience across multiple industries, including consumer, industrial, diagnostic and life sciences. Although we are aligning these segments under a single leader internally, they will continue to be separate reportable segments. I'd also like to take a moment to celebrate the tenure and accomplishments of our HST Group Executive Marc Uleman. We've seen outstanding results under his more than 10 years of leadership at IDEX, driving organic growth, operational excellence, and capital deployment in our fastest growing segment. Finally, we recognize there is considerable churn in the global economy right now, whether tied to geopolitical uncertainty, inflation interest rates, or the fear of a recession. There are several scenarios that could play out ranging from continued industrial growth to a shallow, short term pullback to a deeper recession. We have a plan of attack for each, and I'm confident we'll outperform as we have in the past. Our teams are smart and agile. They will quickly adjust and put their best resources on the best opportunities. That's at the core of our operating approach. We've made great progress in building a strong and sustainable growth engine. It sits on top of a solid foundation of execution within any environment. That's the ‘and’ not ‘or’ that we talk about all the time at IDEX. We are leaning in as a team towards the challenges and opportunities ahead. With that, let me turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
Bill Grogan : Thanks, Eric. I'll start with our consolidated financial results on Slide 8. Q3 orders of $781 million were up 1% overall and down 1% organically. We experienced orders growth in FMT, but some contraction in HST and FSD, primarily driven by timing of some larger orders. Core demand rates remain positive across the segments. Third quarter sales of $824 million were up 16% overall and up 15% organically. We experienced record sales with double digit organic increases across all three of our segments and strong performance across all geographies. Third quarter gross margin expanded by 250 basis points and adjusted gross margin expanded by 10 basis points compared to the prior year at 45.1%, driven by strong volume leverage and favorable price cost partially offset by higher employee-related costs. Third quarter operating margin was 24.5%, up 190 basis points compared to the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 24.9%, up 60 basis points. Incremental amortization related to the Nexsight in KZValve acquisitions, unfavorably impacted adjusted operating margin by 30 basis points. I will discuss additional drivers of adjusted operating income on the next slide. Our Q3 effective tax rate was 21.8%. It decreased compared to the prior ETR of 23.4%, primarily driven due to the tax benefits associated with the sale of the Knight business. Third quarter net income was $179 million, which resulted in an EPS of $2.36. Adjusted net income was $162 million resulting in an EPS, and adjusted EPS of $2.14, up $0.35 or 20% over prior year. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $182 million, 112% of adjusted net income. This was a record free cash flow for us, mainly driven by higher earnings we are seeing inventory levels stabilize and expect further reductions as we exit the year. Moving on to Slide 9, which details the drivers of our adjusted operating income. Third quarter adjusted operating income increased $28 million compared to last year. Our 15% organic growth contributed approximately $26 million flowing through at our prior year adjusted gross margin rate. We levered well on the volume increase and we had strong price capture to offset inflation headwinds. Price cost was accretive to margins and has returned to historic levels driven by our FMT and HST segments with FSD making improvements sequentially versus the second quarter. We experienced slight positive mix of $2 million in various parts of the portfolio. We reinvested $6 million taking the form of engineering and commercial resources in the businesses and M&A and DE&I resources at corporate tracking to the $0.20 to $0.25 a full year spend we highlighted at the beginning of the year. Lastly, discretionary spending increased by $6 million versus last year, which is slightly below the second quarter of 2022. As we said last quarter we have reached a more normalized post COVID spend rate and significantly higher sales volume. This delivered a strong organic flow through of 31% in the quarter. Flow through is then negatively impacted by the dilutive impact of acquisitions, divestitures and FX, getting us to our reported flow through of 30%. With that, I'll provide a deeper look at our segment performance. I'm on Page 10. In our Fluid & Metering Technologies segment, we experience excellent order in sales performance with organic growth of 2% and 17% respectively. FMT adjusted operating margin expanded by 250 basis points versus last year. The increase included 80 basis points of headwind due to the incremental amortization related to the next site in KZValve acquisitions. We experienced continued strong volume leverage in operational productivity as well as favorable price cost. Our industrial markets continued exhibit steady demand with tailwinds from energy, mining and infrastructure tempered a bit by some European softness. Our look for our municipal water businesses continues to be positive. We see healthy quoting activities in sync with underlying market trends of growing urbanization, further CCTV inspection adoption and infrastructure investments in the U.S. Agriculture remains strong. We are seeing positive signals from both our OEMs and distributors. Commodity prices remain high and increased fuel and fertilizer costs are incenting farmers to invest in precision technologies. Our investment in Banjo's process automation have improved our delivery putting us in a good position to capture share, and we continue to leverage KZValve's expertise and technology to enhance our product offerings. Our energy business is performing well with strong oil and LPG price support. We continue to see favorable results upstream with midstream investments lagging a bit due to supply chain constraints at our customers in larger project spend delays. Moving on to the Health & Technology segment. Orders contracted by 4%, but sales were strong at 13%. Our backlog position remains robust. The contraction and orders were driven by several large orders that the delayed out of the quarter. European capital good softness and tough comparables from the prior year where we grew orders organically by 44%. HST adjusted operating margin contracted by 70 basis points versus last year. The segment experienced strong volume leverage and positive price cost, which was more than offset by increased engineering and resource investments, higher discretionary spending and some inefficiencies incurred as we continue to onboard labor to meet demand and navigate supply chain challenges. We continue to experience strong demand for analytical instrumentation in chromatography and mass spectrometry as well as next gen sequencing technology for oncology testing and research. Our targeted growth initiatives tied to global broadband and energy efficient fuel cells are performing very well. Two great examples of how we are leveraging our tech in fast growing niche markets. The semiconductor market remains steady. We see customer related supply chain issues driving some slowing, but we are offsetting this headwind through share gains. We provide consumables and technology to drive fab efficiency buffering us for some of the CapEx slowdown on the new equipment side. Our material processing business remains strong on continued pharma and biopharma demand. We are seeing some order slowdown due to investment delays by our customers, but our funnel remains strong and of high quality. Our HST industrial market performance is very much like the experience in FMT. Finally, turning to our Fire, Safety & Diversified product segment. Orders were flat year-over-year as a difficult quarter-over-quarter comparables in our dispensing business was offset by strong growth by the balance of the portfolio. Sales were quite strong with an organic increase of 14%. FSD adjusted operating margin expanded by 70 basis points versus the third quarter of 2021 driven by strong volume leverage, partly offset by pressure on price cost and higher employee related costs. Although price cost is still diluted to margins, it did improve sequentially. Our dispensing business performed well with the delivery of North American project volume and continued strength in the global architectural paint market, but orders were down 30% year-over-year due to large North American replenishment orders that we received last year. Within our fire business, OEMs continue to struggle with supply chain constraints, but we did see positive organic growth from price realization, improved execution and favorable performance in loose equipment. On the rescue side we continue to win with our latest generation E3 tool, bringing enhanced tool features to the market. Finally, BAND-IT experienced strong results across industrial, automotive and energy markets. We continue to win share by having shorter lead times and material availability. On the auto side we are outperforming the market by capturing share on new platforms and winning content on priority, high volume vehicles. With that, I'd like to provide an update on our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. I'm on Slide 11, which lays out our updated guidance. For the fourth quarter of 2022 we are projecting organic revenue growth of approximately 9% and operating margin of approximately 23.5%. We expect that the volume will decrease sequentially from the third to fourth quarter due to normal seasonality and scheduled maintenance shutdowns. Q4 forecasted op margin is down versus Q3 due to the loss leverage on lower revenues. We expect GAAP EPS to range from $1.75 to $1.80 and adjusted EPS to range from $1.92 to $1.97. Turning to the full year. Given our strong performance in the prior three quarters we are raising our full year guidance. We now expect full year organic revenue growth of approximately 12%. We expect GAAP EPS to range between $7.75 to $7.80 and expect EPS to range from $8.04 to $8.09. Our operating margin for the full year is expected to be approximately 24% and we expect free cash flow as a percent of adjusted net income to range from 75% to 80%. With that, I would like to turn it back to Eric for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks Bill. As we wrap-up I'd like to share with my thoughts are with our Pulsafeeder team and Punta Gorda, Florida. Who continue to cope with the aftermath of Hurricane Ian? All our employees are safe and our values shine through as our other IDEX businesses banded together to provide release supplies to our colleagues there and our IDEX Foundation Board of Directors approved a large donation to the American Red Cross. Our facility did sustain some damage, but we have returned to operations. I would also like to extend my public congratulations to Katrina Helmkamp who has replaced Bill Cook as the non-executive chair of our Board of Directors. Bill Grogan and I have both worked closely with Katrina since she joined our Board in 2015, and we look forward to continuing to lever her strong operating leadership skills and experience across multiple markets and technologies to drive IDEX forward. I'd also like to thank Bill Cook, who has been an invaluable contributor to our company, our board, and my personal development throughout his 14-year tenure. With that I'll turn the call over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Mike Halloran of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Halloran: So couple of questions here more on the demand order side of things. First, on the order side, flash orders against really tough multi-year stack comps here. It seems like a good outcome sequentially lower. When I think about those in order numbers, is there anything in there from a weakening perspective we should think about? And then how much of that sequential change is seasonality or just a normal air pocket that develops as lead times start normalizing to kind of historically normal levels?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, well you hit a lot of the elements there. I mean, there's a piece of this that we always suspected was going to be there as we start to come off of incredibly high backlog positions, especially for a short cycle, quick lead time business like ourselves. So there's a piece of it that no doubt will be that, and we'll keep an eye on the rate of travel of it as it runs out. There is some summer – kind of summer month seasonality that that's in there as well. I would say from a categorical softness standpoint, probably the one area we'd point to it covers a lot of IDEX businesses would be just some general softening on the European front, which probably isn't too surprising. And then I know, I'm sure we'll talk later here about projects – large projects and things of that nature. That's an interesting story. I mean they were, at the beginning of this whole recovery, I mean, there was a lot of caution on people's parts, sort of held them back, I think in the middle part or a lot of the duration, honestly there was just not enough time and energy to get at it or resources. And now you're kind of seeing that tilt back probably more of a cautionary tone again. We've got a few things that have moved out and placed themselves decisions into Q1 of next year, things of that nature as well. So a few things that we can point to. Some things that are sort of normal based on where we are from a backlog position and time of year, but underneath and around all of that really, really strong support across the board.
Mike Halloran: Thanks for that. Super helpful and in the prepared remarks you talked about the ability for IDEX to manage with whatever kind of environments during your way in 2023 and certainly your track record supports that pretty aggressively. What is the base case as you guys are thinking about it today as we move into next year? Obviously we've talked a lot about the need and the opportunity for a strong industrial cycle. It doesn't mean you can't get some weaknesses we move into next year. So as you look through your pretty varied end markets going into next year, how are you thinking about that setup and what's the opportunity set for growth?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well look, I think as I said in the prepared remarks, you could see a few paths that would run out here. I mean, one that's more positive, something that's short-term and kind of a short term pullback and then obviously maybe something with a catalyst that's more negative that none of us can imagine. I just always come back, when we talk about that in the company, I mean, we literally scenario play every one of those. We understand kind of what's variable, what's not variable across all our businesses. We always go back to the top growth that's in the company, almost all of which we can kind of see traveling across the duration here. We factor that in as well. We've certainly learned a lot like every company of about how low you can take discretionary spend, in many ways lower than we would've thought possible before. We know where that floor is and kind of how we would stack that against any of those scenarios. We've talked for a while on the headcount side, we'd be careful. Talent is hard to get, I mean, we're not really at a flush position there anyways. We're actually still pretty lean and we'd be very careful there. And then honestly we would – we would rotate towards the strong and we'd go pretty lean on areas that are weaker. And so, I want to be too predictive here because I think it's still pretty variable in our minds but our approach to each one of those paths is not, we actually know exactly what that is.
Mike Halloran: Thanks for that. Really appreciate it.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hey Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I wanted to just with some price/cost discussion. You guys have said that price/cost has been dilutive to margins in 2022, is that something you target recapturing in 2023 as we've started to see costs moderate. Do you believe you can recapture that margin that was lost in 2022 to price/cost?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, definitely. As you said in the prepared remarks we're back to our historical levels here in the third quarter as we continue to ramp, our price capture, inflation hasn't gone down but it's moderated a bit. So as we look forward to the stickiness of the price that we implemented here as we progressed through 2022, that's sticking in in 2023 optimistic about our ability to keep above our historical levels.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And maybe you could just talk a little bit about some of the order cadence in your shortest cycle businesses. I know you guys have a few businesses that tend to be canaries in the coal mine. I think you said BAND-IT still remains pretty strong, but any commentary you can give us on those businesses that you consider to be leading indicators of the order cadence there?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. They're still really strong. I mean they have held steady many – in many places and there's four or five of them. We've done a really nice job on putting some strategic inventory together. Our natural ability to replenish fast has allowed us to go capture some share and some orders and then turned them and converted them to sales pretty quick on top of it. So no real pressure signs coming from that very short cycle stuff that, that we always talk about. We look at that constantly that's holding up, there's still an awful lot of demand for it. A lot of capacity that's got to lay in and it's always been pretty indicative of kind of the level that the industrial machine is working at because a lot of it is one-for-one replacement. And I think, I mean all of our plants are working pretty fast and I suspect that's the case out in a lot of the places we supply to. So that's holding up well.
Nathan Jones: And one last one just on your own inventory levels. Obviously everybody's been carrying a bit of extra inventory through these disrupted times plans on where you think that goes to in 2023 and what kind of catch generation we should be looking at for next year?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Look the third quarter was the, first time in the last several that we actually didn't build incremental inventory and we've start. We've stabilized our current levels and looked to bleed here in the fourth quarter progressing into the first half of next year. Obviously we've set our long-term goal is to be at over 100% cash flow conversion and I think we'll progress to that level over the next couple quarters. First half is always a little bit light from a cash flow perspective on timing and we're more back half loaded. But we look to continue to progress inventory balances down here over the next six months.
Nathan Jones: Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes on the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey, I'd like to follow up on Nathan's last question there for Bill. Is there any way to quantify the inventory that you're carrying that would be considered more buffer inventory? That is lead times begin to normalize, you can start to sell that down? And then Eric just talked about being aggressive with the opportunity on some of the fast short cycle businesses that the inventory ready to go. So, and that's kind of, it would be offsetting to that. But can you quantify for us what that opportunity would be to a normalize working capital?
Bill Grogan: I think internally we're targeting to get somewhere between a half a turn and a turn as we progress to our more historic levels. The buffer inventory is probably at the lower end of that that we'll keep some of that is the businesses look on the strategic side, where we've been able to take share with some of that inventory level. We'll keep that and the focus is, is just as we've built up inventory to buffer and or have had to increase inventory levels based upon quantities we had to commit to you or customers that have paused some of their shipments as they've worked out supply chain issues on their side. We've built up a little bit of finished goods. Those parts will be the first part to bleed and the things that we think are strategic to enable some of the share capture will hold onto that.
Deane Dray: All right, good. That's helpful. And then could we just go through at whatever level you'd like to share the whole cancellation of the customer COVID test application? I think you framed for how it was – how that came about and the impairment that you took. Is that the end of it in terms has it been completely written off, and you did include it in your operating results, which we appreciate?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. That's the end of it. I mean, there's small – some small shipments here in the fourth quarter, but fundamentally it was an initiative that we started and highlighted back in 2020. We partnered with that customer and had a great relationship relative to the partnership on developing the technology and them committing a significant amount of capital to support our production capabilities. And obviously as they've moved in a different direction and got out of the testing, cause the impairment and then the recognition of all that deferred revenue here within the quarter. So most of the noises is they have been taken here in the third quarter. We've kind of moved past with significant knowledge gained in terms of production capabilities and technology that we'll continue to leverage as we move forward.
Deane Dray: That's real helpful, thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Eric, would love a little more color on the decision to align FSD and FMT under one leader. Does that indicate sort of maybe potentially more divestitures as you kind of look to refine the portfolio going forward; just any thoughts there?
Eric Ashleman: No. I'd appreciate the question. What I was really trying to emphasize in the remarks is we were looking for a leader with frankly experience, scale and depth of experiences and in the broad reach, which would line-up well with where we want to go as a company. And so that that by sort of combining those businesses at least under her watch, it allows us to essentially position the skill, attract somebody of that caliber and put somebody on the team that's honestly got some experience in some of the areas where we want to go. That it's completely about that. Everything else underneath Melissa is identical to what we've seen before. We've kept it very separate and distinct. We run it exactly the same, but it allows one person to come onto the team with some very, very good capabilities.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then Bill just going back to the HST orders, I think you kind of alluded to the fact that they were just – there were some orders that were essentially just pushed into to Q4. Have they been executed on? Have they turned into orders or is it something we're still leading to come forward here?
Bill Grogan: Yes. No, not yet. The teams are still negotiating final pricing for things going in the next year. So if we get them in Q4, first part of Q1, we'll get them. It's just a matter of timing.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thank you.
Bill Grogan: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hi. Good morning all.
Eric Ashleman: Hi Brett.
Brett Linzey: Hey. I was hoping you might be able to parse out how you're thinking about accretion this year in next on a carryover basis for the two recent acquisitions, Muon and KZ?
Bill Grogan: In terms of incremental eps?
Brett Linzey: Yeah. So EPS accretion baked into the guide for this year and then what you're thinking about for next year carryover?
Bill Grogan: This year it's just a couple cents here in the back half. And then we'll have a couple of cents there in the, in the first half of next year is it'll comp as we progress in the Q3 and Q4.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. And then I was hoping maybe you could just give a little bit of color on the regional dynamic within orders and then specifically, what the pace of that looked like through the – through the quarter on a monthly basis and what you're seeing in October in Europe specifically?
Bill Grogan: I'm sorry, Brett, the cadence of orders within each month in the third quarter?
Brett Linzey: Yes. I was thinking more on a regional basis what the cadence of monthly orders was and how that progressed into October as well by the different regions?
Bill Grogan: I would say the third quarters got some seasonality historically relative to European holidays and slowness within August. Relative to normal order patterns there weren't anything that was a significant outlier relative to what we've seen over the years. As Eric talked about, fundamental orders in our book and ship businesses were strong throughout the quarter. That continued to be strong here in October. Most of the softness, like we said, a little bit on the book and ship stuff in Europe and then some of the project related business and some of the ordering was probably the, the bigger item within our European geographical look; North American-Asia still remain really, really strong.
Eric Ashleman: And October pretty consistent with what we saw on Q3.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. I'll pass it along. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Johnson with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Johnson: Hi. Thanks. Congratulations on the strong quarter. I just had a question on kind of near-term results here specific to the HST business you provided some pretty helpful commentary for us on some of those main drivers, the lower productivity and some of the discretionary investments that offset volume and improving price cost from a margin standpoint in 3Q. So it would be helpful if there is any way that you could kind of quantify how that impacted EBIT margins on a sequential basis? Just trying to think through the evolution from 2Q to 3Q from those headwinds? And maybe how you see that progressing moving through the remainder of the year.
Bill Grogan: Yes. I'd probably highlight to some of the productivity challenges as we ramped on some of the higher tech stuff in a couple of businesses within HST. Yes, sequentially, it was down versus the second quarter. We think it will ramp back up here as the business continues to progress and normalize and get more efficient in several of the facilities that we'll see a pickup in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Johnson: Great. Thanks. That's all for me.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citi Group. Please proceed with your question.
Vlad Bystricky: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the call.
Eric Ashleman : Hey Vlad.
Vlad Bystricky: Hi. So can you just talk about – you've obviously talked throughout the recovery about taking some share, given your ability to service customers and your availability. So as we're starting to see supply chain constraints gradually ease, can you talk about how you expect share trends to evolve as some of your competitors who were maybe more hamstrung at times or coming back more online to normalize service levels?
Eric Ashleman: Sure. Well, there is probably two elements of there I want to cover. There is one that I would argue we kind of carry most days. We generally have shorter lead times than a lot of the people we compete against when things are in normal state. I mean, we’ve engineered the businesses to run that way and its kind of all set up there. What's actually happened for us here with a lot of the share capture over the last couple of quarters is we made some really sharp calls on some inventory that's pretty specific, highly technical and not in wide supply. We could see some things come in the businesses to their credit without frankly approval loops and things that we don't need in a company like ours, they said, hey, we know how critical this is, we can kind of see where it's going to go, we're going to lay some in. And so almost all of the share capture that we talk about, you can kind of take it right back into very specialized material that we accumulated. So I think that's important because otherwise you might just think it's very benign stuff and metal bits and brackets and things like that where we just have to have them laying around. That actually would normalize as things improve. This is actually very, very strategic inventory that these businesses accumulated. So that's an advantage state out of the gate. That's what we're largely referring to here. But then as we go and things normalize, we normalize and maintain that advantage, the natural advantage we have in many of our businesses. So it’s just an area that we always emphasize. It's kind of been dramatically positive for us because of really, really good choices in businesses.
Vlad Bystricky: Okay. That's really helpful color. And then maybe just as we think about organic sales obviously you have surprised to the upside here over the past couple of quarters and just raised your 2022 organic growth outlook. So, can you just maybe parse out a little more, what's driving that better top line growth? How much of it is incremental, better pricing than you expected versus just better volume-driven growth?
Eric Ashleman: Well, yes, I mean, there are certainly components of outperformance that are here. So, I'm glad that you are bringing that up. I mean, our pricing is the highest level we've had out throughout the year. We've been pushing that continuously. This is the kind of environment where our differentiated products are going to command the highest level of pricing. So, that is no doubt a component and it's competitively advantaged.  We talk a lot about the top bets in the company, the top best growth bets. They are of the highest quality we've had. And so interspersed in all of the numbers that we're talking about, you see great things like broadband, and outer space and things we're doing in genomics and some of the things going on in water and precision ag and through FMT and now some acceleration that we've been waiting for and the Fire businesses and FSD, so those bets are layered in with higher unit of measures than we've seen historically on top of recovering markets and well-positioned businesses. That's kind of the entitlement that we have. Really strong price capture and a great stack up of – that's across the company.
Vlad Bystricky: That's helpful. Great quarter. Thank you guys.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Good morning everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning.
Rob Wertheimer: So, I just have a general question. I wonder if you might tell, I guess, the story of Muon Group acquisition and how it sheds by the new process, multiples and other opportunities you have, whether it soaks up a lot of the availability or whether you are still active. Just kind of walk through how obviously you've had pretty strong success and acquisitions lately, and that's been a focus and I'd just like to get color and how that transpired.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, it's a business we've known for a few years. It's very much an IDEX business. I mean, it's a highly precise, niche component doing wonderful jobs for a variety of high-end markets, including the ones that we had identified in the prepared remarks. I gave a lot of credit to Marc Uleman, who I referenced in my opening remarks. It's a Netherlands-based business. Marc is located in the Netherlands, and he kept a very active cadence with this team over the last few years. We found a time and a space where we were able to generate some actionability and got the deal done mainly because we could get our head around it very, very quickly based on the work we've done over the last few years and our familiarity with it. What's great about a business like this one is, and the reason I say it's so IDEX-like, is it's actually very tuneable. It's one of the reasons we like these precise components businesses. So, it pings into some very high quality areas of semicon, there is some great applications in medical devices, food production, high-end food production, all areas that we study and participate in across the business. So we can leverage that insights and then apply it on a high quality niche business like this one. Longer, turn down the road this actually sits next to a lot of things we have in our Scientific Fluidics & Optics. So there is some commercial relationships that we could leverage there. There is actually some very interesting technical questions and things that we're going to explore together over a longer duration. And then honestly, when we think of value creation, we start to apply the way we run things at IDEX. You can take a high quality business like that, we would start with 80-20. It's not all applications are created equal. We have a way of thinking about that that we can teach to others, things like value capture with customers. I mean, we do that really well. And so there is a whole bunch of leverageable assets as well, just that you apply against an already very, very strong business that's got a demonstrated history of growth. So, I think, we're really, really excited about it. I think it's indicative of the kind of things that we're looking at and looking for. And yes, we'll see, we'll certainly talk to you about it as we go.
Bill Grogan: And then, Rob, your capacity comment, I mean, after the completion of Muon, we'll have spent about a $1.5 billion over the last two years with really taking on a minimal amount of incremental leverage. So we'll have a $1.5 billion to spend here over the next 12 months with a robust funnel, lot of actionable assets within that funnel.
Rob Wertheimer: No, that was a comprehensive answer. Thank you. Any commentary on whether that's an abnormally large asset within your funnel, whether it's peppered through a big and small? And with that I will stop.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, I mean, it's a little larger than we've seen before. But I mean, the nature of these kind of high quality niches, they tend to be in very similar spaces and the kind of the top end of the size of them is actually relatively constant across even the wide variety of businesses that we have. So, a well-positioned business that's closer to the top end in a high quality niche like we think about is often this size. So it's a little higher than we've seen before but there is certainly more of them like it out there. 
Rob Wertheimer: Great. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just a couple quick ones here. With FSD how far behind is that business in terms of price cost, meaning, how much more margin can we look forward to as you fully close that gap? And then sticking with that business on the dispensing side, how much of a revenue whole should we expect in 2023 from those big projects that have revenue this year? And then I have one follow-up.
Eric Ashleman : Sure. I think we look for FSD to continue its ramp. We had said last quarter had bottomed out, it will continue to progress as we move forward. With the caveat that we still need to assess the project funnel for next year for dispensing. Right now we don't think there is a huge hole. There will be some softness on the replenishment side. If we weren't able to fill some of those larger projects that would put a little bit of pressure on FSD’s margins relative to the progress that fire and rescue has made. So right now we're still evaluating the impact of what the project funnel is for dispensing and obviously give you more detail here as we get into the guide in January.
Matt Summerville: And then just a modeling question. The divestiture, the Knight divestiture can you disclose the financial profile of that business?
Bill Grogan: Yes, I mean, it was less than 1% of revenue and obviously a non-material, non-profit for us.
Matt Summerville: Got it. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Yes, hi. Good morning all. And congratulations on another standout quarter. I have questions. Just sort of a broad based question on organic first. With the supply chain improving a little bit – several quarters ago, Eric, you were able to take your best guess at quantifying what the negative was. With the improvement in the chain can you maybe quantify what the positive was on organic this quarter?
Eric Ashleman: I mean, from a share capture and things we're able to do, I mean…
Scott Graham: Well actually trying to maybe share capture is part of it sure. But kind of more like backlog, depletion, things getting out, that were hung up in backlog that maybe you didn't expect, I'm assuming that there was a bit additive to organic from a better chain.
Eric Ashleman: I think it's a small amount. Scott, I think, we've stabilized relative to our production output levels as you look at where we've been from a revenue perspective, it's slightly elevated. So, a point or two at most, we've burned a little bit of backlog the quarter, but backlog position is still pretty high.
Bill Grogan: Pretty high. It was a pretty minor burn there.
Scott Graham: Got you. Okay, great. That was helpful. Thank you. Also, and I hope this doesn't count as a follow-up. What was pricing I didn't hear it if you said it?
Bill Grogan: No. We didn’t. Second quarter we were at 4%. We ramped here in the third little over 5%.
Scott Graham: Okay. Thank you. And then just a question about the water business. It's a pretty big business. You called it out as a certainly an area of strength. Can you kind of talk about the dynamics of the growth in the quarter? Is that a market that maybe would be a clear sort of green shoot market for you next year as well? 
Eric Ashleman: I mean, it's a good market. I always remind people that the work that we do there is on the analytical side of supporting whether the infrastructure’s ability to work well. So that kind of work, I mean it maps well with a lot of the digital solutions that are out there. That's where some of our more digital businesses are. So robot crawlers and flow monitoring to prevent overflows and things that could harm the environment, that's the work that we're doing. The bulk of it. Of course, made an acquisition to deepen that here recently. So we've got some very good assets that in. We think long-term, obviously there is no question the work needs to be done. It's long overdue. There is a decent amount of stimulus and government support that's out there that always takes longer to find its way into projects than people imagine. But that frankly extends it over multiple years or two. So, just we kind of put that in a positive side. I would agree on the green shoot side of it. We are very, very well positioned. We're continuing integration work with the acquisition that we have to deepen all of it in our major geographies. And we view it as very favorable.
Scott Graham: Got it. Okay, thanks again. 
Eric Ashleman: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please proceed with your question. 
Michael Anastasiou: Good morning, this is Michael on for Joe.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Michael.
Michael Anastasiou: In the prepared remarks you mentioned strength around energy. Can you just dive a bit into the LNG outlook for FMT and if there is any future alternative energy opportunities? I know historically that's been an area of inorganic growth.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, well, I think, our energy businesses have recovered pretty nicely throughout the year. I mean, we've seen a few – we don't have a ton of upstream presence, but that's been stronger here lately. I think the midstream has got some delays and things on the project side and supply chain, some of the classic stuff, but probably lines up behind it, because there are some things that are overdue there. I mean we've got kind of a classic custody transfer business, a lot of it is fossil fuel dependent with the current assets. A lot of that technology, we're actually asking all the questions, as you might imagine, of how transferable it is to other alternate energy sources and things that might be out there. Whatever it is, whether it's hydrogen or some other gases and liquids, it's going to need – people are going to need to get paid and we're going to need to measure that custody transfer happens. And that's kind of work that we long have done and are excited about. There are actually other areas of IDEX that map against some of those same vectors in a way that's probably would strike folks in the outside is kind of unusual as well. That's one of the ways we think of a trend like that is we kind of draw lines and tentacles into different verticals within IDEX and then we sort of leverage insight around how the work is done, how things are shaping up, and then distribute it across a variety of IDEX businesses that might be involved. They may not be going to market together, they might not even be in the same room, but actually some of the same dynamics are meaningful for them in terms of why they would want to invest in it. So it's an area of interest for us in terms of how this will ultimately play out over time. But I think for now the kind of core things that we have are doing pretty well with a decent road and runway ahead. 
Michael Anastasiou: Thanks, that's helpful. And just in one follow-up if I may. Are there any product adjacencies that within the energy sphere that you see more favorable? And if this is something that's sort of in the funnel for the next 12 months or so? 
Eric Ashleman: I mean, we got some great projects there. They, as you might imagine, go very, very niche very, very quickly. As an example, we've got a great application that makes sure that when you offload a rail car with propane you get all of it out of the bottom. I mean, seems kind of funny, you did suspect, everybody would suspect that actually happens, it doesn't. So our team developed something that guarantees that 100% of the fuel is taken out of the car, and then that's available as productivity for a variety of people. So it's that kind of work that's sort of the – that's the unit of measure of things we think about and develop for customers. And there are others along the way, but that's just one we happen to take a look at about a month ago that's really, really interesting. 
Michael Anastasiou: Thank you. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions. I would like to hand a call back to management for closing remarks. 
Eric Ashleman: Well, thanks. I appreciate the comments and the reflection on what we think was a very strong quarter here. For any of the IDEX team members are listening, I want to thank you all again personally for your hard work. Certainly difficult circumstances, a lot of change happening quarter-over-quarter, month-over-month. But as I said in the end of my remarks, this is a company where we really lean into that. Anytime the world gets difficult, the problem is worth solving. And we solve them, with well positioned businesses, I mean, it's a huge financial benefit for ourselves and our shareholders. So thanks for your interest. Look forward to talking to you more along the way.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to IDEX Corporation Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. You may begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX second quarter 2022 financial highlights.  Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3 months ended June 30, 2022. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com.  Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer.  The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX's business. Then Bill will discuss IDEX second quarter financial results and update on segment performance in the markets they serve and our outlook for the third quarter and full year 2022. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing toll-free number, 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13724804, or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay.  Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to safe harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX' filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. IDEX delivered outstanding results in the second quarter. We achieved record sales levels, 12% organic growth supported by double-digit contributions from each of our operating segments. Our backlog grew by 43 million, and we now sit at record levels to continue momentum into Q3. Core profitability continues to be strong even as we return to more normal discretionary spend levels, allowing us to fully invest in our best growth investments.  We delivered record adjusted EPS of $2.02, an increase of 15% over the prior year's second quarter. Last quarter, I described how our IDEX teams leveraged 8020 to accelerate throughput within a challenging supply chain environment. That positive momentum continued in the second quarter as our teams improve their ability to execute and deliver for our customers.  Our decentralized operating model, which aligns decision-making at the point of impact close to the customer, drives the speed and agility required for us to outperform. Our lead times were a competitive advantage and enabled share gain in pockets across the company.  Inflationary pressures remain, but the rate of increase decelerated, while we continue to capture price equivalent with our differentiation. Gross price capture increased and we expanded our price/cost spread trending back towards historic levels.  We remain committed to our capital deployment strategy and M&A remains a top priority for us. This quarter, we closed on the acquisition of KZValve, a complement to our agriculture business within FMT. Our pipeline is strong, and we continue to evaluate opportunities in higher-growth markets that support our style of competition. We have a healthy balance sheet and are confident that we can continue to put our capital to work.  We're also deploying capital organically across our portfolio to drive operational efficiencies and increase capacity to support our growth. We continue to make investments in commercial, engineering and M&A resources that enable us to execute on our strategy.  During the quarter, we increased our share repurchases and deployed $88 million to buy back 475,000 shares of IDEX stock. We remain disciplined with our methodology to create long-term value for shareholders when we see a disconnect between our intrinsic assessment of IDEX enterprise value and our public valuation.  Lastly, in the second quarter, our Board approved an 11% increase in our dividend. Rising interest rates, continued inflation and geopolitical dynamics all present some uncertainty for us as we consider and head into the second half of the year, but we're not yet seeing any major signals of near-term slowing within our commercial environments. We have good line of sight to the next 90 days, and we continue to see strength in almost all our end markets.  As we look across the industries we serve and our portfolio of differentiated technologies, we're confident that IDEX is well positioned to outperform during any short-term market volatility. It's been a really strong first half of the year, and our teams have a lot to be proud of, but it's not easy to overdeliver in this environment. I'd like to thank our IDEX employees around the globe for their hard work, diligence and agility as they execute for all our stakeholders.  With that, let me turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
William Grogan: Thanks, Eric. I'll start with our consolidated financial results on Slide 8. Q2 orders of 839 million were up 12% overall and up 7% organically. We experienced strong orders growth in HST and FMT, but saw contraction in FSD driven by dispensing North America's strong replenishment orders received last year. Second quarter sales of $796 million were up 16% overall and up 12% organically. We experienced record sales with double-digit increases across all 3 of our segments.  Second quarter operating margin was 23.4%, up 30 basis points compared to prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 23.8%, down 60 basis points. Incremental amortization related to Airtech, Nexsight and KZValve acquisitions unfavorably impacted adjusted operating margin by 80 basis points.  Second quarter net income was $138 million, which resulted in EPS of $1.81. Adjusted net income was $154 million, resulting in an adjusted EPS of $2.02, up $0.27 or 15% over prior year. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $97 million or 63% of adjusted net income. This reflects higher accounts receivables driven by the significant increase in sales versus last year as well as elevated inventory levels. Inventory has increased to buffer supply chain challenges and leveraged material availability as a competitive tool to take share in the market. We have spent a lot of time with our teams reviewing their inventory reduction plans and are targeting to bleed down our inventory positions in the second half of the year.  Moving on to Slide 9, which details the drivers of our adjusted operating income. Second quarter adjusted operating income increased $23 million compared to last year. Our 12% organic growth contributed approximately $22 million flowing through at our prior year gross margin rate. We levered well on the volume increase. Our teams drove operational productivity, and we had strong price capture to offset inflation headwinds. Price cost was accretive to margins and is trending towards our historic levels.  We experienced positive mix of $2 million across the portfolio. We reinvested $4 million, mainly in the form of engineering and commercial resources, to drive long-term growth and additional resources to support our accelerated M&A activity. Lastly, discretionary spending increased by $9 million versus last year and up $7 million versus the first quarter of 2022. Our teams across the globe are back to in-person partnering with our customers, actively marketing our products and investing to support innovation.  As we look ahead to the second half of the year, we do not expect this level of sequential increase to continue. We've now ramped to our pre-pandemic spending rate, but on significantly higher sales. Our organic flow-through was 23%, in line with the flow-through expectations we set at the beginning of the year, but most likely the lowest rate we will experience this year. Flow-through is then negatively impacted by the dilutive impact of acquisitions and FX getting us to a reported flow-through of 21%.  With that, I'd like to provide a deeper look at our segment performance. I'm on Page 10. In our Fluid & Metering Technologies segment, we experienced a strong second quarter for both orders and sales with organic growth of 8% and 13%, respectively. FMT adjusted operating margin expanded by 170 basis points versus last year. The increase included 60 basis points of headwind due to incremental amortization related to the Nexsight and KZValve acquisitions.  Volume leverage, strong operational productivity and favorable price costs were the main drivers of the increased adjusted operating margin. Our industrial markets are exhibiting stable demand with consistent quote activity over the last few quarters. We are seeing small to midsized projects coming through in the oil and gas and petrochemical markets as well as in applications tied to mining, asphalt and lithium-ion battery production.  Agriculture continues to perform well. Farmers are experiencing record inflation and look to our technology and precision ag to drive productivity. The KZValve integration is going extremely well, and our automation project at Banjo is on track.  Market conditions remain favorable in our municipal water business. We continue to see a strong commercial funnel and long-term optimism, driven by government funding and ESG initiatives. On the energy side, upstream markets are experiencing healthy demand with oil prices providing strong support. Midstream investments have yet to see a bump in activity due to customer supply chain constraints and caution our long-term price sustainability.  Moving on to Health & Science/Technology. Stellar commercial performance continues with organic orders up 13% and organic sales up 12%. HST adjusted operating margin contracted by 130 basis points versus the second quarter of 2021. Incremental amortization related to the Airtech acquisition unfavorably impacted adjusted operating margin by 130 basis points.  Additionally, adjusted operating margin was driven by strong volume leverage and positive price cost, partially offset by increased employee-related costs, discretionary spending and resource investments. HST continues to benefit from strong secular growth trends within life science, analytical instrumentation, semiconductor and food and pharma markets. The life sciences market is experiencing strong demand for next-gen sequencing instruments and consistent core diagnostic market performance. Analytical instrumentation and material processing results remain strong on continued pharma and biopharma demand.  On the semiconductor side, we continue to see growth, but at a slower pace. We've been able to offer shorter lead times than our competitors, enabling share gain across a variety of applications. We continue to see strong growth in our optics businesses tied to broadband satellite technology and strength in our industrial businesses similar to the FMT results.  Finally, turning to our Fire & Safety/Diversified product segment. Orders contracted by 5%, but sales were strong with an organic increase of 11%. FSD adjusted operating margin contracted by 280 basis points versus the second quarter of last year. This was driven by higher volume being more than offset by higher employee-related costs and discretionary spending as well as pressure on price cost due to aged OEM backlogs on the fire side and automotive exposure with more metal content within BAND-IT.  As we noted in prior calls, we have taken action to address this gap and expect the price/cost will improve in the second half of 2022 as those increases pull through our backlog. Our dispensing business performed well, driven by delivery of North American project volume and an overall positive global paint market.  BAND-IT had strong results across the industrial, automotive and oil and gas markets. On the automotive side, we continue to outperform the market and capture share on new platforms. In Energy, we see strong downhole market demand and capture share due to material availability with shorter lead times for our customers.  Within Fire & Safety, we are seeing strong demand with our E3 rescue tools. On the fire side, core North American and European markets remain choppy due to OEM supply chain constraints, but we are starting to see some modest improvement.  With that, I'll like to provide an outlook for the third quarter and our full year 2022 results. I'm on Slide 11, which lays out our updated guidance. For the third quarter of 2022, we are projecting organic revenue growth of 9% to 10% and operating margin of approximately 24%. Q3 forecasted op margin is up slightly versus second quarter due to improved price cost, partially offset by lower seasonal volume leverage. We expect GAAP EPS to range from $1.80 to $1.85 and adjusted EPS to range from $1.98 to $2.03.  Turning to the full year. Given our strong performance in the first half of the year, we are raising our full year guidance. We now expect full year organic revenue growth of approximately 10%. This reflects our confidence in line of sight for the third quarter, but some caution in the fourth quarter due to the short-cycle nature of our business. We expect GAAP EPS to range between $7.19 to $7.29 and adjusted EPS to range from $7.88 to $7.98. Our operating margin for the full year is expected to be approximately 24%.  We are expecting free cash flow as a percent of adjusted net income to range from 75% to 80%, down from our previous guidance. With our higher revenue expectations for the back half of the year, elevating our year-end receivables balance and a slower-than-expected inventory bleed, this is our best estimate as we head into the second half of the year.  Our long-term goal remains to be above 100% and consider the current guidance a reflection of the volatile external environment versus a structural shift in our cash generation capabilities.  With that, let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird.
Michael Halloran: So let's start with the comment, Eric, that you said you're really not seeing anything yet in terms of deterioration. Things are going well, and you can certainly hear that from all the end market commentary you guys gave. And then balance that with the guidance outlook that says you're taking a little bit more of a cautious outlook into the fourth quarter given short-cycle business and you don't know what you don't know.  So -- maybe just talk about those 2 competing things and what things you're looking for in your portfolio to say that things are going to keep this pace, maybe decelerate, could be the BAND-IT business, could be something else, but would love to kind of compare and contrast, all that stuff?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, thanks. So we're always looking at what we refer to as our canaries in the coal mine businesses. Those are the shortest cycle, more industrial businesses that are very, very close to the actual consumption that's going on out there in the industrial landscape.  And those have held up really, really well. I mean, I think that's the story of this whole post-pandemic recovery is just the industrial system that's been working feverishly to try to catch up. So that, for us, is always something that we're looking at first to see if there's an indicator of weakness there that usually sends up a signal and then you start to see things come after that.  And so far, as I said in the comments, that's holding in. And then I'm sure we'll talk about this more in the call, but then we balance that with some of the exposure we have across a whole host of markets on the project side. That's more of an indicator for us of overall future confidence where how people are tilting towards uncertainty, those things.  And there's a couple of places where we've seen that slow down. I mean, it's an interesting story overall, where in many ways, it's -- that kind of business has just struggled to get traction in this whole recovery cycle. But other than a few indicators and pockets there, we're sending point out a bit further into the future, we sort of keep a look at all of those and then look at our own backlog support on top of all of it that gives us at least the assurance in the short term. And of course, we'll always adjust that and recalibrate it, and that's the joy of a short cycle business. You can do that pretty quick.
William Grogan: Yes. And just to frame that, I mean our implied guidance, like, is kind of a 1 percentage sequential deceleration in Q4. So it's small, just a little bit of noise that could potentially be out there. But right now, what we have line of sight to and the confidence in our order patterns, we still think the back half is going to be really strong.
Michael Halloran: No, that makes sense. And I think you said the backlog built in the quarter by $39 million, something like that. Is that -- are you seeing lead times extend come in? Is that more a reflection of that underlying order strength through the quarter? Maybe just talk a little bit about the backlog piece.
Eric Ashleman: I mean, it's really broad-based. We're looking at the other day to see if it was kind of in pockets and chunks, and it's not. I mean, it's kind of layered across a lot of things.  Our lead times in aggregate are holding or decelerating. I mean, we made a comment there that we are seeing some pockets where frankly, our advantaged lead times that are reducing are giving us some opportunity to go grab some share in things. So I'd say on balance, we're not doing anything to drive that in the wrong direction. It's going in the right direction. And the backlog build is very, very broad-based.
Michael Halloran: Last question for me. You made a comment there that you invested to support accelerated M&A processes. Is that a reflection of a pretty healthy pipeline? I know the environment has gotten a little more challenging on the M&A side. So I would like to understand what you're seeing and what you hope those investments could get you.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I'd say -- I mean, look, I think the environment for high-quality assets is held up pretty well as we've gone through this. But a lot of this is very deliberate work on our part to say that we want to go deeper, frankly, into our insight into those sort of concentric circles that surround our best applications.  So there's a purposeful step-up in work of that type, in both resources and some things we're doing with third-party analytics to make sure that we understand it as well as we can, in an environment that so far is holding up pretty well for high-quality assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Maybe we could start with the free cash flow guidance cut there. And look, we're seeing this across the sector. This is getting to be pretty familiar, but the idea of carrying more buffer inventory and then the expectation with all this demand likely resulting in higher receivables towards year-end. So we get the way the math works. But Bill, can you expand on the time frame for bleeding the inventory down? I guess it really does depend on how the supply chain begins to normalize. But just take us through the math on that.
William Grogan: Yes. No, I think that's exactly right. As we sit here now and lead times, as Eric just talked about on our side are improving, we're starting to see that across the broader aspects of our supply chain. So our increased purchases to buffer some of the longer lead times to continue to deliver for our customers is shrinking.  Now it's just catching up with our production and getting that through our system. So -- as we look at third quarter, there will be some improvement, but more material decreases in the fourth quarter leading into the first part of next year.  So again, we've spent a lot of time with the teams to understand and calibrate around still having this robust demand, measuring what our vendors and their capabilities are from a lead time perspective and then drawing down our open POs, and then increasing the throughput as we have here in the second quarter to the first and maintaining that as we progress through the back half of the year.
Deane Dray: Is there anything on product shortages, semiconductor-related where your inventory is -- you've got nearly finished goods, but they're waiting on a particular product that's adding to your inventory? Is that an issue at all?
William Grogan: Yes. That is a component as we've had customers who other suppliers for them haven't then is capable to produce have held up some of their receipts. So we have finished goods at a higher level than we have had historically because of issues our customers are facing with other suppliers.
Eric Ashleman: And maybe, Dean, to the extent you were -- I think you were also asking about maybe unfinished things that we have in our own factories or something waiting on a part, much like you see in the auto world.  I mean, I wouldn't say that it's completely devoid of our environment, but you don't see it all that often because we have pretty quick rapid turn one piece flow kind of build so it doesn't do well with something that's half done, there's really nowhere to put it. And our production process is quick enough, you're better off not starting it just because in general, most of our businesses, that's how we produce things.
Deane Dray: That's helpful color there. Because you do hear like for the autos, where they've got all these cars lined up that still need semiconductors and...
Eric Ashleman: We wouldn't put a pump or something into the build schedule because we'll make 40 of them in a couple of hours, those kind of things.
Deane Dray: Good. Last question for me, Eric, you kind of begged the question earlier to Mike's when he's asking about the macro, you said there are some pockets of slowing on projects. So -- and absolutely, that's a reflection of kind of what we say CEO confidence.  Are they going to move ahead? I think you made a reference to midstream, and we've heard plenty of that. It just really hasn't realized in full kind of spending given oil prices. But where and how would you describe some of these pockets of projects slowing or just not getting the release that you thought you were going to get?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I'd say probably more of the second category, not getting the release or not coming on the line, something we've been thinking about or projecting for a while now and some of these just get extended out.  So you mentioned the midstream side. I mean, there's some pockets in our chemical markets exposure, maybe more on the European side than elsewhere. A little bit in the paint dispensing area. We're just kind of coming off the end of a big replenishment cycle there. And then a few things in just specific industrial markets, food expansion, places like that.  I mean, they're pretty isolated. It's not a massive part of our business, but they're good indicators, things to watch. And I would just say it's been interesting over the cycle here is this category never really took off. I think in the beginning, it was very much clouded with uncertainty. The nature of the recovery, then it turned into a kind of a bandwidth issue.  Can anybody put together the materials or the time and energy to work on it? Maybe here in the later innings of it, it's sort of all of those factors. Uncertainty creeping in back a bit, the bandwidth issue is still there and now inflation and the cost of these projects is causing some recalibration for -- in certain markets where people have to kind of go back and run the math again.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Keeping in line with that project comment. I know you talked verticals, but is it any like weighted towards a specific geography? Or does it seem very broad-based by vertical at this point just in terms of what you're seeing?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, I'd say broad-based in terms of the way I just described it. I mean, we are seeing a bit more geographic strength in North America than Europe for all the reasons I think we would suspect in terms of things people are watching there on the geopolitical side, the energy side, those things. But both are positive for us. But if I had to call it, I would say, a little bit more positive on the North American side than Europe.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then just kind of going back to the free cash flow and just CapEx in general, tepid start to sort of the approach to that $90 million. You talked about Banjo and then investment in emerging markets. I mean, are those still on track? Or do you kind of risk that some of that gets pushed to next year just because of the uncertainty right now?
William Grogan: No, that's what's going to drive the increased spend in the back half. We're expecting both the India and China facilities to open later this year. And then Banjo I think is kind of late third quarter, early fourth quarter.  So there's -- those projects, I think, are on track. Obviously, that's a subset of the $60 million ramp -- $30 million ramp, $60 million spend in the back half that. Relative to supply chain delays and things, we have seen some items smaller as pushed from the first half to the second. So there's a little bit of play in that number. But for the large ones, we're confident that those will hit here in the next couple of months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Worthermeier with Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: My question is just a little bit more on M&A. Can you talk about just what the feel is like from potential sellers out there, whether -- I don't know whether things get repriced as you kind of edge through different parts of the process and the market is corrected and interest rates are higher? I don't know if there's a standoff as people adjust to different pricing or not? And then any comment you'd make on how big your funnel and kind of pipeline are versus prior periods?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So as I said before, I mean, all this is bracketed a bit by the step up in intentionality and work that we're doing. So in that respect, again, there's a lot of things we're looking at, a lot of analysis that we're doing and a lot of conversations that we're having.  You would say our -- that just activity level is north of where it has been, much of it driven by our work. Now in those conversations, probably much like the conversations you have, there is definitely more discussions around near-term prospects and what's going on with the forecast and how do you see the sales tracking out and to the extent that all links back to valuation, it's just more intense than it has been for all the reasons you'd suspect.  As Bill and I have always said, though, when you're looking at assets of the quality that we look at, you're generally looking at a history that's very sharp, well positioned, driving in strong ways. And then a reasonable projection path, especially if we're the owners that kind of picks that up again.  So -- that doesn't mean that both sides are going to be able to see that and get through it. So that's always a possibility, but our perspective is very long term in nature for the kind of assets that we're looking at. So long story short, more activity on our part, which means I think a strong funnel for us, a lot of activity, engaging with people more near-term discussions around what this all means and where it's going to go, but then kind of just take a deep breath, stare over the horizon and be confident that for quality, I think ideally both sides see it that way and stay engaged.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect. And if I can, I guess, follow up on that on the uncertainty and so forth. You touched on backlog earlier. I don't know if you're willing to give any more color on where your backlog stands versus prior cycles or versus prior record levels, et cetera. It seems there's a bit of a standoff and that everybody is uncertain about the future, but the future doesn't look bad currently. I don't know if the backlog will help us triangulate that a bit?
William Grogan: No, definitely. I mean, our backlog is kind of 2x of what it has been historically. And normally, we'd go into a quarter with 50% of the quarter sales in backlog. We've got close to 2/3 now. So we have a lot more visibility to temper any dramatic short-term falloff.  So again, relative to the next couple of months, we're fairly confident in our numbers. So I don't think there's a huge pause that would come because our backlog could support any short-term decrease in orders.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson.
Matt Summerville: Just a couple of quick questions. With respect to price, can you comment on where you were price realization second quarter year-over-year? And how much incrementally on top of that you expect to realize in the back half? And then I have a follow-up.
William Grogan: We're a little over 4% here in the second quarter, which ramped from a little over 3% in the first quarter. We don't guide the balance of the year price, but we're really confident in what the teams have gone out with to combat inflation, which seems to have leveled off. So I mentioned we have an expectation that our price cost is going to continue to improve through the back half of the year to support some of our higher-margin profile expectations.
Matt Summerville: In certain areas of the commodity markets, certainly in metals, steel, aluminum, copper, things have come off their highs pretty materially, still elevated from historical standards, but certainly off-peak. When does some of that start to actually add some incremental benefit to your P&L?
William Grogan: I would say a couple of things. One, relative to -- we only have a couple of businesses that have direct exposure to commodity prices. From a materiality level, we're buying components that are a couple of phases through that value stream.  So obviously, we didn't have the vast inflation impact on the way in that a lot of other companies did. Again, 4% price increase is still price cost positive, and we're building. So -- that will, I think, wean out over time, it will be a material impact, but we will keep all the incremental pricing that we've had. Again, we've holistically gone out with price increases versus surcharge. So we like where we're positioned here going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Eric, can we come back to what you said really on deal cultivation, right, in the activity being more of a function of your internal efforts? Maybe you could elaborate on that. Have you significantly up resourced the deal teams? Does this heavy level of activity indicate any interest in kind of pursuing new adjacencies? Just maybe a little bit of kind of strategic and tactical color on what's going on there.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, we're not a massive center-led kind of organization. Never have been. So this might sound more dramatic than it probably is from a headcount perspective. I mean, it's a few well-positioned ads from the outside work that we're doing on the third-party side. And then frankly, the biggest component is just a higher level of engagement overall business to business. I mean, this is something we've been driving now for a couple of years.  And we really focus to combine growth outperformance on top of our just sort of institutional great well-deserved execution shops. And so a lot of it is that way. In terms of where we're looking and what it looks like, I mean, we've always favored. I always come back to this analogy of concentric circles around these applications that we kind of currently sit in.  We know these environments really well. We know what's to the right or left of us, and the best work for me is really starting to understand where is this market heading, should we make a move slightly left or right and how would we do that.  The recent acquisitions that we've layered into the company are perfect examples of that. As we said before, we're also thinking about the broader world in general and where problems are presenting themselves and where IDEX like styles of competition could come in play, and maybe that would open up a flank for us and some applications that are new to the company. So that's in the mix as well.  But if you really had to overgeneralize it and think of it, think of it as just radiating circles from the best parts of the company with more intensity, a lot of it from the ground up. That's the way we like to do it.
William Grogan: Yes. I think those actions, the depth and quality of the funnel is probably at an all-time high. Like that work that the team has done across a variety of different end market applications, those concentric circles that Eric highlighted, and one of the main reasons why we are so confident in our ability to deploy capital much more consistently as we progress.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. And unrelated, just back to this -- I mean, everybody's got their hair to the ground trying to snip out an issue with the economy. Any gut feel that actually these improving lead times are actually the canary in the coal mine? And anything happening in just kind of the supply dynamics and kind of order the shipment dynamics or anything that maybe are an earlier precursor of some deceleration?
Eric Ashleman: That's a good question. I mean, it's hard to say, though, because in many ways, we've been running us, others at such a hot level. It's pretty abnormal. Pulling back from that in any way, even if it's just simply the deceleration of the tremendous acceleration we've been feeling is going to have a material noticeable impact inside just how it feels in the business.  But I don't know that, that's the same thing as a broader call on economic conditions, maybe more than it's just, okay, it's not at peak levels. We can catch a breath. We can actually be a little bit more planful, mindful. And that's for us and that's for others as well. So think of it more in those terms but then let's say, since there's nothing else to do, we can get product quicker. I don't see it as an indicator of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup.
Vladimir Bystricky: So I just wanted to ask, kind of following up on these macro-related questions. In your businesses that go through distribution, can you give us some color on what you're seeing and hearing in terms of distributor inventories and whether there are any areas where you're more concerned about a potential for destocking in the event of a slowdown?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I always kind of preface this question with a reminder that we have a lot of configured customized products with quick replenishment, which means not a ton of our inventory on shelves. So it's a small number.  I will say we've got some good visibility to at line of sight minimum. You can see it visually when you go visit them. So you can see some slight increases there for our product. I would assume that's applicable to more stockable components as well.  In our world, we think of that as if ultimately that bleeds off over time, in some ways, it's pretty similar the way that it works in our own business. It takes a while because of the wide variety of SKUs that are out there. None of it's really clumped around a standard solution that if you made a deterministic call on it would just flow out in a big pocket or chunk.  So we think about it a lot for IDEX, mainly just as more of an indicator of health overall. But from a meaningful impact to the numbers up or down, it extends over a large time horizon. It's not a giant piece of the business, and it usually is kind of lost in the math, to be honest.
Vladimir Bystricky: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just stepping back. So you talked about obviously, the intent to bleed down some inventory here over the back half and into '23. But your availability has been, I think, a competitive advantage for you.  So can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of your own supply chain availability and logistics that gives you the confidence to begin to bring down inventory without giving up any of the competitive advantage that you've gained through the recovery?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I mean, some of it -- the impends are fact-based. So we can see and we track our own -- our suppliers' performance and their lead times and their on-time delivery to us. So you basically start there and say, "Well, we can see factually some improvement." The logistics loops are quite a bit better than where they have been on the first part of the year. And frankly, our teams are really good now, at navigating them when they kind of run astray. I think the biggest thing for us and anybody that wants to go tackle this now is, in some ways, you got to take advantage of the ability to take a breath. I would say as we've improved throughput, momentum, and we're executing stronger here, that does buy us a little bit of time, space and energy to go back and recalibrate the systems, which is what you actually have to do to go attack inventory.  You've got to go change demand signals. That's part by part. It's -- you do it on lines of paper laid out across the desk. And so -- and Bill talked about our engagement with our teams, that's the kind of work we're making sure is happening. People are kind of racking and stacking it 80s to 20s and making the calls based on fact-based patterns that they can see, and taking advantage of the time and energy, they have to go do it.
William Grogan: And then some of the areas we have been able to take shares, it's because we have an 80 position with that vendor. And we're getting a higher allocation than some of our smaller competitors. So if they don't have the material availability, we're able to go in and take their volume.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: Let's start with a question on Health & Science and the organic order growth that you're seeing there. Everybody is focused on the economy going up and down at the moment but that's a business that's less cyclical for you and still showing extremely strong orders.  Maybe you can just talk in a bit more detail about what's driving those? Are these product cycles that have a specific duration? What the outlook is for continued growth there? Just any more color you can give us on the strength around that business.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean it's exactly the way you described it. I mean it's very much tied to strong trends that we're going to, I think, see run out for quite some time here. So we -- like everything else in IDEX, we break it down into all sorts of little components and drivers and specific application sets. Some of the ones that are going well there, the AI space is healthy.  That's a decent part of the business -- sorry, analytical instrumentation. And then the genomics space has been very, very active. A lot of that is involving initially COVID and COVID surveillance. I think now as the pandemic has kind of moved on and entering in its third year. We're seeing now some more targeted work around taking some of that technology and applying it for things like targeted medicine and all the things that were always out there for that field of study. So those have been healthy as well.  We continue to have some isolated pockets where we do support for vaccines and things of that nature that stayed strong to the duration as they're continuing to work on different targeted vaccines and things like that for both COVID as well as other things. So it's definitely picking up most of the macro dynamics and trends that we have long known are out there, and it's why we spend a lot of time investing in it and talking about it.
Nathan Jones: Maybe one on gross margins. I mean you obviously have very strong gross margins for an industrial company to begin with. They've been pretty consistent over the last few years in this 45%, plus or minus kind of range.  Is there a negative impact that you've seen to gross margins with all of the disruptions around supply chain in COVID that maybe are less related to price cost but modest in efficiencies within your manufacturing that maybe go away that could lead to higher gross margins or anywhere else that you see opportunities to expand gross margins?
William Grogan: Yes. No, I think the biggest pressure has been price/cost. With 45% gross margins, you have to have a price cost spread well in excess of that to expand. So that has put constant pressure. And then we continue to invest in engineering resources, which to remind everyone, that is included in our gross margin number.  So we've been able to maintain through robust productivity across the portfolio to offset some of those headwinds. So I do think price cost getting back to historical levels and then our continued volume leverage that we get on the high contribution margins we have in our business.  Once we stabilize a little bit from an operations perspective, we'll be able to pull through some increases. With, again, just the very difficult operating environment we've been in, the ability to have discrete productivity projects across the portfolio that we've historically been able to execute on has been muted a little bit too here is another point. So I think as things normalize, we'll get another kicker off of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Loop Capital.
Scott Graham: Congratulations on what was a really good quarter from you guys. I have one quick one for Bill. Kind of can you give us an idea of where sort of your sales are running OpEx versus CapEx?
William Grogan: We don't really disclose that externally to be honest. We don't look at it internally. It goes a little bit to the project comment that Eric talked about a little bit earlier. It's not a huge part of our business. So I would say, holistically, most of our projects are OpEx, replacing like-for-like, current IDEX volume and then some incremental market share gains that we have.  The CapEx, we have some specific things that we would be able to realize with plant expansions, new plant creation. But overall, relative to our portfolio, it's not an overly material number. So the short answer would be, holistically, it's more OpEx-related on our sales.
Scott Graham: Got it. So now I want to maybe understand dispensing a little bit. There's a comment in the deck, talks about non-repeat orders, quarter back, maybe 2 quarters back, you talked about how dispensing should weaken fairly materially in the second half of this year. I'm just trying to triangulate what that means now for the second half of the year. How does dispensing look? Is it -- does it look better now or not?
William Grogan: No, I think it's in line with our expectations that we had at the beginning of the year. I mean orders pressure in the second quarter will have more pressure in the third, but they'll continue to have sales growth in the third quarter with sales finally fallen off a little bit kind of post those replenishment projects in the fourth quarter.  So still a great business. Very global. Still having wins in emerging markets. They're launching new technologies on the software side. So although they're going to lose the replenishment, their core business continues to grow. So it's been cyclical over its life span, but a little bit of pressure here in the short term as those projects roll off. But holistically, lots of additional opportunity through software and emerging markets growth.
Scott Graham: Got it. And if I could just squeeze this last one on the fire business, where the OEMs, your customers are still saying that they're pretty supply chain restrained. Has anything changed in the last couple of quarters there as it's a pretty good business for you guys, particularly now with your having a nice little beachhead in Europe? Could you give us an idea of where that business goes in the next couple of quarters?
Eric Ashleman: Yes, I'd say the headlines there, the supply chain constraints and some of the larger folks that are in that space are still there, still challenging, still fighting that.  I will say that there's kind of smaller to medium specialty players have done a decent job jumping in. So that's helped us a bit, just not the biggest part of the market. We remain really, really focused in that business on technology. So there's only so much we can do to help out on the supply chain side. Eventually, that will come to a better place. As it does, we want to be ready with all of the automation that we've been talking about, not only the pieces that we have in the water path of the mobile platform, but we've got a nozzle now that's got connectivity in it and diagnostics. We're doing the same thing on the rescue tools piece. So we've got some really, really good things there just presented in a giant global show here in the second quarter. So that for us is kind of the longer-term headline on an industry that we think will ultimately start to dial in and improve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho.
Brett Linzey: Just wanted to come back to the orders. So the underlying run rates in the quarter very strong, even more encouraging on a 2-year stack basis. What is your expectation for year-over-year order growth in the second half as customers are no longer advanced ordering or some of this backlog in mind? I mean do you think you can grow orders and anything that July would inform you here?
William Grogan: Obviously, back half, we've got much tougher comps. In the third quarter, at least relative to we have visibility. We think we'll still be positive from an organic perspective, highlighted a little bit of the dispensing pressure that will continue. But overall, IDEX still positive. And from a July perspective, no material changes versus the trends that we've experienced here across the portfolio.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. And then I just was hoping you could spend a moment on the KZValve acquisition, how that performed on a stand-alone basis heading into the close relative to expectations? And then what are you calibrating for accretion within the guidance framework for this year?
Eric Ashleman: Sure. I'll cover kind of the general state of the business, let Bill answer the financial question. So I mean that has been a really, really strong acquisition, strong integration process. It is a very, very close complement to our Banjo franchise in the ag space within FMT.  It's conveniently not very far away. And so the teams have really attacked it. It's performed strong as all our agricultural businesses have both in North America and Europe. And so this has been, in some ways, one of the easier integrations because the commercial linkage is so strong in the business, and everybody is speaking the same -- on the same page with technology and the broader market supports it. So very, very strong out of the gate. Excited on the long-term prospects here, and I'll let Bill talk about the specifics.
William Grogan: Yes. EPS in the back half, $0.02 to $0.03.
Eric Ashleman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Anastasio with Cowen.
Unidentified Analyst: Congrats on the strong quarter. You mentioned the strength you're seeing more broadly, but obviously, the macro is deteriorating. What types of initiatives are you doing internally to prepare for those macro data points, ultimately, if they start impacting the business?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, thanks for that. So I mean we've seen a lot of these cycles before. We have kind of a standard way that we look at it. I think -- for us, the first lever would be looking at discretionary spend. We've called that out a few times because we came off a base with almost none of it. Now we are out engaging with customers going to trade shows. So it's elevated a bit.  But we know, frankly, if we learned anything over the last couple of years, you can make it through with a much lower level of discretionary spending. That would be the first lever.  As Bill mentioned, I think there is an opportunity here for a pretty hard look at productivity across a factory setting. If things were to cool off a bit, and we actually got some bandwidth back on the team's perspective, rethought how flow is working, how different product lines are in different positions than where they may have been a couple of years ago.  So we go there next. The one area that might be a little bit different. We have been talking about it a lot is on the headcount side, on the people side. I mean even today, we still have -- we're still looking for people. The war on talent is real. Some of the communities we live and work in, it's been harder to find labor. I mean that's improved here more recently, but it's still -- there's still pressure in that area.  So that's probably the area, given all the focus we have on growing the company long term and that dynamic, we would be the most thoughtful about where we would make choices, investments and things along the way. Otherwise, I'd say it's a pretty familiar process for us. The short-cycle nature helps us get at it fast. And -- so it's never far away the playbook to run that.  Anything, Bill, you'd add there?
William Grogan: No, I think you said it well. It is -- at least our expectation for decrementals will be a little bit higher than they have been historically because of us relative to current profit levels and the war on talent that Eric highlighted. So maybe we would historically have been in the low 30s. We're probably closer to 40% here if there's a slight pickup here as we progress over the next couple of quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: That's really helpful. Just one more, if I may. I know we had mentioned orders before, but declining sequentially over the past quarter. What are you seeing from a cadence perspective going forward?
William Grogan: Yes, I think there's always our first quarter, we generally get our annual blankets from a lot of our customers. So it's generally inflated relative to sequential profile of the balance of the year. So -- that's the real driver from the Q1 to Q2. For us now, it's kind of leveling off with keeping an eye on just our daily order rates, which have sustained here in the month of July.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining today. We're really, really proud of our first half performance here. And as I close, just -- I guess the one thing I'd want you to take away is it's really a story of "and" not "or" here at IDEX.  I mean we've long, I think, earned our reputation for tactical execution, good times, difficult times. We're seeing that in the performance that we're addressing here today. And we're working deliberately to drive growth outperformance as an additive component of value creation on top of it.  We basically do that by picking the top bets that align really, really well to the macro trends that are going to be great over the long haul. We rally resources around those. And then here, as I spoke a few times, we very deliberately complemented those efforts with organic and inorganic investments, and we'll continue to do that as we go forward.  So I think you're seeing it play out. We're seeing it play out in the acquisitions we made that celebrate precision ag or alternative energy in the pneumatic space or water solutions and what that can be. So you're seeing that come together. And I just want to highlight the additive component of those 2 things, and we'll continue to talk about that as we move forward. Thanks very much for your interest in joining today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Q1 2022 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. You may begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for the discussion of IDEX first quarter 2022 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the 3 months ending March 31, 2022. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast, can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today are Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX’s business; then Bill will discuss IDEX first quarter financial results. He’ll also give an update on segment performance and the markets they serve and provide our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2022. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay, beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13724803 or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. And before we begin, a brief reminder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in last night’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn this call over to our CEO and President, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I’m on Slide 6. The first quarter was an outstanding start to the year for IDEX. I’d like to thank our IDEX employees around the globe for their hard work and contributions to our success. We saw strong broad-based demand for our differentiated technologies with growth across all 3 of our segments leading to record orders, sales and backlog. This robust market plus outstanding operating performance resulted in 12% organic sales growth and excellent margins. We achieved adjusted EPS of $1.96, setting another IDEX record. Overall, the operating environment in the first quarter was much like the fourth quarter of 2021, but our team’s improved their ability to navigate through this challenging environment. We effectively mapped our 80s and 20s from customers through work cells [ph] and back to the supply base in a way that increased overall throughput and velocity. We also work together to attack our most problematic supply challenges through resourcing or to redesign. Although, we expect these challenges will remain with – for us in the near term, we are confident in our ability to adapt, execute and deliver for our customers. This period of rapid economic recovery coupled with geopolitical disruptions and constrained supply continues to drive material and freight costs higher. We kept pace with our own robust price capture efforts as we leverage the highly differentiated nature of IDEX’s product portfolio and our leadership positions in critical niche markets around the world. We also saw strong benefits from our productivity initiatives, specifically benefits from our site consolidations in FMT, capital investments that drove efficiencies, and product design changes that reduce material consumption. The results in Q1 are a testament to our team’s long view across business cycles as they build productivity roadmaps to support growth and margin expansion. Turning to capital deployment, M&A continues to be a key priority for us. We recently announced our intent to acquire KZValve, a leading manufacturer of electric valves and controllers. This acquisition will extend our expertise in providing OEMs with critical solutions for precision agricultural and industrial applications, and serve as a complement to our agriculture business within FMT. We’re excited to welcome KZValve to IDEX. We also closed on Nexsight, a compliment to our FMT water platform. Our funnel is strong and we continue to build conviction and interest around faster growing areas that complement the IDEX style of competition. Roopa Unnikrishnan, who joined us in March, will be an outstanding addition to these efforts, as she leads Strategy and Corporate Development for the company. Also, in the first quarter, we deployed $28 million to repurchase approximately 148,000 shares of company stock. We employ a discipline methodology to create long-term value for shareholders, when we see a break between our intrinsic assessment of IDEX enterprise value and our public valuation. Finally, we continue to make reasonable and modest resource investments to drive long-term sustainable growth. These investments typically involve incremental additions to our commercial and engineering resources to support our best organic bets, or targeted resources to support our inorganic efforts through M&A. With that, let me turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
William Grogan: Thanks, Eric. I’ll start with our consolidated financial results on Slide 8. Q1 orders of $856 million were up 20% overall and up 16% organically. We experienced favorable performance across all our segments and built $105 million of backlog. First quarter sales of $751 million were up 15% overall and up 12% organically. We saw favorable performance within each of our segments led by strong results in HST. Q1 gross margin expanded 70 basis points and adjusted gross margins expanded 60 basis points versus last year at 45.6% driven by favorable volume leverage, operational productivity and favorable price cost, despite rising inflation. First quarter operating margin was 25%, up 110 basis points compared to prior year. Adjusted operating margin was also 25%, up 70 basis points compared to prior year. Excluding the impact of acquisition-related intangible amortization, adjusted operating margin expanded 130 basis points. I’ll discuss the drivers about adjusted operating income on the next slide. Our Q1 effective tax rate was 22.4%, down slightly versus our prior year rate of 22.6% due to the mix of global pre-tax income among their jurisdictions. First quarter net income was $140 million, which resulted in EPS of $1.83. Adjusted net income was $150 million, resulting in an adjusted EPS of $1.96, up $0.34 or 21% over prior year adjusted EPS. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $64 million, approximately 43% of adjusted net income. This result is driven by higher earnings being more than offset by increases in working capital due to the volume impact on receivables, as well as additional inventory we’ve strategically added to help mitigate some of the longer lead times we are experiencing. Moving on to Slide 9, which details the drivers of our adjusted operating income. Adjusted operating income increased $29 million for the quarter compared to the prior year. Our 12% organic growth contributed approximately $25 million flowing through with our prior year gross margin rate. We levered well on the volume increase had strong price capture, and our team’s drove operational productivity to offset the profit headwinds we experienced from inflation. Additionally, we saw benefits from our FMT site consolidations, and non-repeat of prior year inventory reserves associated with COVID-19 related new product development. Mix was not a significant driver of this quarter. We reinvested $4 million mainly in the form of engineering, commercial and M&A resources to enhance our long-term growth capabilities. Lastly, discretionary spending increased by $4 million versus last year. COVID-related constraints remained in place for a portion of the first quarter, limiting our spending. As we noted in our full year guidance, we expect discretionary to continue to ramp up as we progress through the year and restore to our normal pre-pandemic spend base, although on significantly higher sales. Our organic flow through was a solid 35% for the quarter. Flow through was then negatively impacted by the dilutive impact of acquisitions and FX, getting us to our reported flow through of 29%. With that, I’ll provide a deeper look at our segment performance. I’m on Page 10. In our Fluid & Metering Technologies segment, we experienced a strong first quarter for both orders and sales with organic growth of 14% and 11%, respectively. FMT adjusted operating margin expanded by 300 basis points versus last year, driven by strong volume leverage and operational productivity, which includes benefits from our energy and Italy site consolidation projects, non-repeat of prior inventory reserve adjustments, and some offset from resource investments. Our industrial day rates were strong. Customers do remain cautious around larger projects though, but we have seen some projects come through in the oil and gas, and petrochemical markets. Agriculture continues to perform well to the strong global crop demand and higher prices. Our municipal water business is stable, though, project activity is increasing. States are actively submitting applications for infrastructure bill funding, and there is general optimism for funding availability in the second half of the year. We see potential for larger spending in the long-term, and we are well positioned to capture this demand. Our energy business continues to improve. Higher oil and home-heating fuel prices are providing support and funnel activity is increasing, as global energy supply volatility is expected to drive higher U.S. production. Domestic pipeline companies continue to communicate increased cutbacks, but there is some lag due to supply chain constraints in the Russia-Ukraine uncertainty. Moving on to Health & Science Technology. We experienced excellent commercial performance with orders up organically 21% and organic sales up 16%. HST adjusted operating margin contracted by 40 basis points versus the first quarter of 2021, but expanded by 90 basis points excluding the impact of incremental amortization tied to the Airtech acquisition. This was driven by strong volume leverage, partially offset by increased discretionary spending and resource investments. HST continues to benefit from strong secular growth trends within life sciences, analytical instrumentation, semicon, and the food and pharma markets. Life sciences continues to experience strong demand due to an overall awarded focused around healthcare in areas such as point-of-care and patient diagnostics, as well as increased next-gen sequencing demand as the market for cell-based therapies expands and applications like cancer research. On the semiconductor side, we continue to see broad-based growth tied to wafer production and quality inspection. Other growth areas include optics applications and additive manufacturing, as well as broadband satellite technology. Finally, turning to our Fire, Safety and Diversified Products segment. This segment posted favorable orders and sales performance with organic growth of 12% and 5%, respectively. FSD adjusted operating margin contracted by 340 basis points versus last year. This was driven by higher employee related cost and discretionary spending, as well as pressure on price costs due to longer term OEM contracts on the fire side, and automotive exposure with high metal content and BAND-IT. We have taken action to address this gap and expect that price costs will improve in the second half of the year. Our dispensing business continues to experience strong results driven by North American project volume and overall positive global paint market. Our BAND-IT business performed well with industrial and energy demand more than offsetting lags in automotive driven by supply chain related customer delays. Within Fire & Safety, we are seeing core North American and European markets improving, but still challenge due to supply chain. North American fire OEMs continue to experience supply chain constraints flowing their order to revenue conversion cycle. With that, I would like to provide an update on our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2022. I’m on Slide 11, which lays out our updated guidance. For the second quarter of 2022, we’re projecting organic revenue growth of 8% to 9% and operating margin between 23% and 23.5%. Q2 forecasted op margin is lower sequentially due to a full quarter of Nexsight, which is diluted to our operating margin by approximately 50 basis points due to intangible amortization, as well as increased resource investment and discretionary spending. We expect GAAP EPS to range from $1.69 to $1.74, and adjusted EPS to range from $1.85 to $1.90. Turning to the full year. Given our strong first quarter performance, but potential risk and uncertainty on the back half of the year, we are raising the low-end and holding the high-end of organic growth and adjusted EPS guidance. We now expect full year organic revenue growth of 6% to 8%, which does not imply significant sales ramp from the second half of the year rather we are applying a normal seasonal pattern to our current output level. At this time, we see potential risks that further revenue acceleration may be tempered by the Russia-Ukraine war and supply chain effects related to the China’s Zero-COVID policy. We will continue to monitor the situation and reassess our guidance range in the next quarter’s update. We expect GAAP EPS to range between $6.87 to $7, and adjusted EPS to range from $7.50 to $7.63. Our operating margin expectations for the full year to be approximately 24% and is diluted by Nexsight intangible amortization of about 50 basis points. With that, let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: And at this time, we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Mike.
Michael Halloran: Hey there, Eric. So maybe just start on the demand side of things. Obviously, there’s a lot going on the environment here. But sounds like demand still pretty healthy order. It’s still pretty healthy underneath the hood for you, I know, you mentioned in the prepared remarks maybe some hesitancy on the larger project side of things. But I’d like to a little sense for how you’re thinking about how those challenges from a broader perspective are impacting the business from the demand perspective. Are you seeing any cracks emerging anywhere? How was momentum through the quarter? Just really any context you can give around what you’re seeing?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, thanks, Mike. Look, it’s holding pretty steady for us all over the place. I mean, the sectors we outline have been strong, they were strong through the first quarter that momentum has continued into the early part here the second quarter. Probably the only thing that we’ve seen continually here that it’s been held back a bit is the large projects category that we talk about a lot. I continue to see that, honestly, it’s just a question of resource availability, ability to focus on doing the work, either in the current context or even projecting across the future as people consider all the things that that are on the table there that could disrupt that. That being said, we’ve seen some projects here and there, and places like energy, and certainly a few in the chemical space, some short-term stuff in water that indicates, people are trying to get at capacity just like we are and throughput, so that continues to add to the mix. So I – very, very strong, overall steady, and that’s one thing that makes it pretty easy to navigate.
Michael Halloran: No, that makes sense. And on the margin side of things, the FMT margins really stood out this quarter. I know, Bill highlighted some of the reasons, but maybe just some thoughts on sustainability on that side, if there’s anything that wasn’t repeatable in that mix, as we look forward here?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. Now look, I think, we – as you can see, and I said on the remarks, I mean, we made some nice progress on throughput and velocity that always helps our situation. It’s nice from a leverage perspective and it also implies that things are working more efficiently. The impasse the consolidations that we had last year in FMT specifically has been a big benefit for us as we go. And then, I know, we’ll dive into price cost along the way. But, of course, we’ve done our best there to keep our head above water. You’ve kind of put that into the mix with more throughput and output. That’s a good mix for us overall, and you see it reflected in performance.
Michael Halloran: Appreciate it. Thanks for time.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Just a couple of questions on the guidance to start with, it looks like pretty much your guidance for revenue for the rest of the year, even at the high end relative to the first quarter, the quarterly run rate is up only by about as much as the Nexsight acquisition adds. I think, Bill, you said you built $100 million-plus of backlog during the quarter. Is this really you guys just assuming that supply chain limits your output for the remainder of the year maybe core demand is a little bit better than that. But you’re just assuming that you don’t get a lot of relief from the supply chain constraints and that restrains what you can actually ship?
William Grogan: Not exactly, Nathan. As we look at, obviously, the team’s ability to increase their output directions we’re taking internally has improved with some of the external events that have happened recently in the unknown longer-term implications just can’t count on significant ramp from our current volumes that we’re at now. Obviously, if things unwind and resolve there’s upside opportunity in the back half, definitely based upon the strong backlog that you’ve highlighted.
Nathan Jones: Okay. I think cautions fair enough that things could only get worse, right?
William Grogan: Yeah, exactly.
Nathan Jones: Second question I had is on capital deployment here. You guys have certainly stepped up the pace of acquisitions, and how aggressive you’ve been there. The markets clearly worried about recession in 2023. Does this change your calculus in how you are thinking about going up there acquisitions in terms of, how you’re de-risking your deal models, risk premiums, that you’re putting on things. Any change to the calculus that you guys are using over there as you’re approaching acquisitions at the moment?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, I’d say, I mean, not a lot in the short-term, again, it come back to kind of the nature of the assets that we’re looking at here. They’re very representative of kind of classic IDEX businesses, high mission critical solutions, risk adverse end markets, I mean, they’re not the kind of businesses that Bob and we’ve a lot in the short-term. And ultimately, the valuation on the part of the seller and for us on the part of the buyer comes down to the assurance of pretty steady growth and cash streams and high quality earnings over time. And, of course, what we think we could do to a business on the inside, which is mostly under our control anyways. So not to say, we’re discounting any of those things, but certainly – particularly in the short-term, it doesn’t really change the view of what we think is favorable for the long-term health of the company.
Nathan Jones: Have you seen that uncertainty in the market out there at the moment from the seller’s perspective, improved pricing at all on any of these assets that you’re looking at?
Eric Ashleman: No, I wouldn’t say we’ve seen that that’s often a lagging phenomenon. And again, this – we’re in very high quality waters, with generally long histories that anybody would refer to, and just degrees of health in the future, all positive. So it doesn’t really enter the mix of these kinds of assets too much.
Nathan Jones: Perfect. Thanks for taking my questions.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hi. When we see record orders, record sales, record backlog, and upside in organic, it’s not sure that you did miss any revenues, because of supply chain. But did you have any projects that you couldn’t ship past due anything you could size there?
Eric Ashleman: I mean, there was a couple of isolated things, the amount left on the table versus the number we quoted in Q4 was down substantially. Again, the team’s ability to work through some of the operational output, and then just slight improvements in some of the supply chain areas, a lot less than, I think, we quoted around 3% in the fourth quarter, much lower number kind of a couple of basis points type of framework.
Deane Dray: That’s really helpful. And on the cascade on that shows the growth investments in discretionary, I’m always interested in knowing some of the specifics inside there, because, obviously, you could cut-back on growth investments anytime and dress up quarterly earnings, but that’s not what you all do. So what’s in the growth investment and the discretionary buckets? And what kind of payback should we expect?
William Grogan: Yeah, Deane, we’re committed to invest, making these investments and outside of what happens in the short-term, these are things that we’re committed to that are going to drive growth for us long-term. We talked about engineering resources, different commercial initiatives we have across the portfolio. Eric’s highlighted several times just the build out of our M&A team to improve the conversion that you’ve seen in our M&A pipeline. And we’ve got great projects in all 3 segments, either through new product launches, investigating new markets to leverage different applications for our technologies. And then even in the second quarter here, we’ve got some larger trade shows that we’re back in the largest North American trade show for Fire & Rescue that we’re going to launch a couple new products and bring those to market. So a lot of exciting things across the portfolio that we’re committed to investing, as we progress through the year like we talked about, we gave our initial guidance. And then, Eric, anything else you’d want to add.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, I would just continue to highlight, we talk a lot about the top kind of those that list of top organic bets for the company, the resources, Bill was talking about maps really, really solidly to that list. So it’s not spread evenly. It’s very disproportionately tuned with that addition for sort of more enterprise work around strategy and sectors we’re interested in as we think of putting money to work.
Deane Dray: That’s really helpful. And Eric, since you asked – to be asked about price costs take us through where the pricing is expected to read through the rest of the year, and how you expect to end up on price cost?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, I’ll hit it generally, like, Bill kind of fill in the blanks in terms of models and numbers. But, I mean, like we’ve been, as you’d suspect, very, very aggressive on the pricing front and talking about it for a long time, where we think we’re entitled to it, given the differentiation and the problems that we solve out there. We’ve worked at very systematically across the company, I mean, there’s an approach to how we do that. We take into consideration, the long and deep often personal relationships that we have customers and how to navigate that effectively in an environment like this. So I would say here, as we’ve talked through last year, we got some ways that the cycle came up, and the velocity of it was in many ways unexpected in the beginning of the year. We kind of caught up with it in the back half. And then, I see us in a more favorable position as we enter the year here, and I think you see that reflected in the margins.
William Grogan: Yeah, I think, continued progression here in the first quarter. I think as each month goes by the additional pricing actions we’ve taken, we have seen increased inflation, the teams are doing a much better job getting out in front of it. And, I think, towards the back half of the year will be add or an excess of our historical price cost based upon the line of sight to what we have as of now.
Deane Dray: That’s real helpful. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Deane.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: I just want to get back to your comments on the project side, Eric. You had mentioned, it seemed like it was more of a win not if kind of scenario with, obviously, elevated concerns of this next downturn, which seemed more consumer facing at the time. Just would love your perspective, as you kind of think forward here in terms of this project is, would it support maybe a more shallow recession, if when one comes for industrial just any thoughts on your view there?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, the second half of that is a broader question that involves a lot of other things. But I would say, just from what we can see here, it’s just been a consistent story. I mean, I think a lot of companies have got work that they need to get at. In many ways, it’s concentrated in certain areas that are more favorable than others, they would love to deploy capital and get at it sometimes at larger scale. But you just see, increasingly, I mean, that the bigger the project, the harder it is to put together, you’ve got to have the people to do it, they’ve got to be familiar with the company, and then you got to be able to marshal all the resources and count on it across a horizon that’s going to be longer than it has been before, so all lead times are much longer than they have been. So any projects duration has got to be able to traverse essentially more risk and uncertainty. And so, I think, what we’re seeing and in fact, even some of the things that I look at that we deploy in our own companies, you kind of go to the head of the list and you say, all right, well, where’s the absolute place that we have to put some money to work and you can see the return sitting in front of us, because the demand is pronounced. And if you can do it in a slightly different way maybe it’s a little bit faster, it’s quicker the scale is of a different nature. Those are the kinds of things that we’re in interacting with. And it’s kind of it matches the deployment within our own business, which, of course, is sort of a different scale. So, I think, that bigger transformative project stuff that’s out there, it’s just that’s the situations that it face, I don’t know, when that ends, I guess, that’s the open question for all of us. But, I see a lot of that related to, it’s just got to find a way to settle into a very different planning environment that has been this way now for a while. But, I think, if folks had a magic wand, they would like it to go away, and they’d like to put that capital to work. That’s what continues to kind of give us the competence and the momentum on the longer term nature of the cycle, as you can see how much of it does need to be deployed?
Allison Poliniak: That’s great. And then just a question on max and neutral in the quarter, just based on the backlog, and it’s certainly the pricing items, but more on the mix side. How should we think about that mix as we kind of moved through the year based on what you’re seeing in your order book at this point?
Eric Ashleman: No material impact on the year-over-year, I think, for us a lot of the margin mix will be just the FMT margin expansion that’ll be more consistent this year relative to other productivity initiatives that we had last year, so more productivity driving the margin expansion versus favorable or unfavorable mix having major impact.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Giordano: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Giordano: So I’m just curious, like obviously with what’s going on in Europe, some major themes around how we transfer energy and food shortages globally. I mean, it realizes are more international problems and domestic here, but just curious if you can kind of take us through how you might be able to help attack those problems that are emerging now.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. Well, of course, we go from macro to micro pretty quick, when we start to think of, how that impacts us. But I like the way you framed it, which is actually anytime there’s disruption, there are problems to solve, and that’s usually healthy for us. So, as things swing around in production goes from one zone to another that means largely the infrastructure might be used in ways that’s more aggressive or higher rates than it has before. We do things like custody transfer on the energy side, if we’re shipping it around the world, or building out ports to do that, that’s places that we play. And so, I think, ultimately, I’d put that in the net favorable for us. And, I think, we saw some of that activity in the first quarter in places like energy. Same thing over on food production, I mean, is that becomes a bigger deal and starts to move around in different geographies and things like that, where capital may be or may not be a need to be deployed, we come along with it with the mission critical fluidic solutions that we have in there as well. So a lot of a lot of major trends to track and get a sense of where they’re heading or where they’re coming from. But I would say just the fact that they’re changing, often presents opportunities for us in the ways that that I described here.
Joseph Giordano: That’s helpful. And just on the backlog, just given the orders and the backlog where it is. What’s your ability to kind of protect what’s there, I assume that the duration of the backlog is long, and it’s longer than it typically is. So as you get like kind of inflation while it’s still there, you’re able to protect the margins inherent in the backlog?
William Grogan: Yeah, in most of it, Joe, we’ve been able to evolve our terms and conditions over the last 18 months to make sure that we can pass on incremental inflation as it comes into there’s certain contracts that we have that we can’t, but I think we’re well positioned overall.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah.
Joseph Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Vlad Bystricky: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my call.
Eric Ashleman: Sure.
Vlad Bystricky: So strong results, impressive first quarter, and you put up strong operating leverage and productivity, despite what we know is a challenging period given Omicron in North America for a lot of the companies we hear from. So can you just talk more about how you were able to navigate that environment and what you’ve seen now in terms of ongoing productivity runway in your plants?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. That’s a great question. So there’s a number of factors at play, some of which we turned to our advantage here in the quarter. I mean, from an external perspective, I’d say the supply chain environment is basically the same difficult some subjects better, some worse, but that not really markedly different. The labor availability piece, I mean, we’re low labor content, but it is critical, somebody eventually has to put things together, that actually improved for us in the first quarter, mainly from absenteeism. We enter the year with high rates. And then as we went on February and March, that actually improved. And I’d say labor availability, generally, while it’s a tough market out there for people, I mean, it did get a bit better for us. And we’ve got less kind of open roles, especially in the production side overall. So that was a component that turned more favorable for us. And then a lot of the work that we do, I mentioned in the remarks, it’s tuning 80/20, from beginning to end supply right through the factory, right to the customer base. We’ve kind of always naturally had that orientation and how we produce, the harder part is actually to draw those connections all the way back into the supply chain, and then move them around. And that’s where I’d say, we’ve done the best work here over the last really 6 months, but you saw the benefit in the last 3. So all that simply means is, you’ve got your best supplier making the part, that’s the most critical for our best part of the factory to our best customer set that alignment is in place, we’ve got ways to query that across the company now. And we can really see the benefit of that, and then that gives you a lot of that volume throughput that we referenced. And I don’t want to lose the other 2 pieces we called out. I mean, we did very difficult consolidations in the middle of a very difficult time. Last year, we’re now, those are completely behind us and they’re in parts of the business that have got good order velocity against them. So that’s like an additive component here.
Vlad Bystricky: That’s great color and it shows in the results. Maybe just one follow-up from me on the capital allocation side, it’s nice to see you deploy some cash to share buybacks. And, I guess, first we’ve seen in the past year plus, can you just talk about given the stock performance year-to-date, how you and the board are thinking about repurchases going forward, and whether that’s an area we could maybe see you be more aggressive through the years, the shares remain around where they are?
William Grogan: Yeah. No, Vlad, I’ll take that one. We’ve historically had a very disciplined approach for our share buyback program. When we think the stocks undervalued, what we consider our intrinsic value of the company, we’re back in buying shares. And, obviously, with the significant decline we’ve seen here, and we think that’s short-term related, a lot of the conversation, Eric’s highlight is we’re really bullish on the next couple years, both from an industrial cycle and our ability to put broader capital work in the M&A space. So we’re taking advantage of where the share price is, and we’re going to continue to buy at the current level, if we’re still at this value here as we progress through the quarter.
Vlad Bystricky: Great. That’s helpful. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Hey, good morning, all. Thanks for taking my question. I understand for sure from your comments, Eric, that the impact of supply chain on the top line was a lot less than this quarter than last. But is that a number that you guys can maybe give us the impact on sales?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, it so from how much that we would attribute to gating is supply chain conditions overall? I mean, it’s a slight step down, I think, we’ve said typically before we’ve been somewhere in the point or two, things we wish we would have been able to get out or otherwise. And I’d say, this is a slightly more favorable tune, or landing position for us, largely for a lot of the work that I just talked through there. I mean, I’d say the one external component is that slight uptick in labor availability for us, recognizing again it’s a relatively small part of kind of our spent in P&L.
Scott Graham: Understood. Thank you. And as far as like the 20 to 25 projects, I know that they look a little bit different today than they did a pre-COVID. Recall that you talked about the monetization when you guys pivoted into a post-COVID environment. Forgive me for not remembering that number, I thought it was like $100 million in incremental sales, something like that that you guys envision maybe being able to capture. Can you kind of tell us where you guys are on that curve?
William Grogan: Scott, maybe I’ll take that one. So, yeah, back in late 2020, we said, a $50 million to $100 million of potential incremental COVID opportunities. In 2021, we said incrementally was probably flat, 50 versus 50, so no big increase last year. And as we progress through this year, it’s been pretty consistent. There’s been no material pickup in COVID opportunities or decrease. So…
Eric Ashleman: But then that would – Scott that would still leave kind of standard deck to drive out performance for us 200 to 300 basis points. And as Bill said, we went through a period where there was more COVID things in it. Now, those have kind of normalized to some degree, and we’re back looking at fast growing applications that kind of map to the world we see ahead of us. So we tune that fairly regularly and we’re always looking at what should be up there, which should be – should not, we don’t do that around sort of calendar cycles, we’re continually evaluating that and saying, if we hit a milestone that would suggest something needs to come off, and we’re seeing an opportunity elsewhere.
William Grogan: Got it. Well, thank you. And if I could just squeeze one in on dispensing, fourth quarter, the call you were a little bit of a lot got it on the dispensing outlook for this year, and then it looks like it had a pretty good first quarter. Could you kind of update on what you’re seeing there and what to expect?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, Scott, I think that’s a first half versus second half. We continue through the back half of last year to win some larger projects here in North America, that’ll be delivered in the first half, so continued strength here over the second quarter, and then much more difficult comps in the back half of the year.
William Grogan: Thanks very much.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with D. A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Will Jellison: Hi, this is Will Jellison on for Matt, this morning. Good morning.
Eric Ashleman: Hi.
Will Jellison: So I want to ask about the first quarter performance and try to understand better the extent to which the performance was enabled by preparation measures taken throughout 2021 versus things that were more on the fly, if you will, in response to things as they arose through that first quarter?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, if I go back to the comments, I had just a few moments ago, where I sort of delineated, the labor impact, which was positive for us, I mean, I would say almost all of that that’s an external situation playing through, coming off the Omicron infection rates and higher absenteeism, and then that moderated as we went through the quarter. And I do think labor availability, more generally, in some of the regions we do business improved from conditions last year. So I put that on the external side, that’s a component, the tuning I talked about relative to 80/20, and supply chain, and how we move that through the supply base or resourcing. I made some comments about that engineering, resourcing in our engineering design work in the opening comments, prepared remarks. And that’s our side of it. That’s things we’ve long been doing to try to keep pace with a very, very difficult supply environment. So I don’t know with the exact balance, I would say, but you got some of both coming together there. And, in both, I think likely to continue for us as we go forward.
Will Jellison: Understood. That’s helpful. And then I do want to ask you about China, I know that at this point, it’s a relatively small portion of the footprint. But I know that throughout 2021, you were making investments in facilities there. I’m wondering at this juncture in April, given the kinds of lock downs activity we’ve seen there. What’s your view on the impact, or potential impact there might be and how IDEX might be positioned to respond to it?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I think like everybody else were watching the current situation play out, I mean, pretty hard to predict how things are going to go, also hard to imagine that this is a big long-term event, I mean, there’s no doubt be some overhang here. But I would just kind of go back to what we said, when we made when we thought of the investment, we talked to everyone here about it. This is a massive economy. Our approach there is very local, it’s completely local. So we’ve got resources on the ground, we’ve got technologies available, and we’ve got domain expertise to solve local problems from within the economy. And so, that doesn’t insulate it entirely from macro events that happen there, but it does minimize the sort of disruptive things you can get doing lots of cross border, and that’s never really been our model there, it isn’t the model for India as well, we have a similar campus there. So the investments that we talked about the facilities expansion is, is actually nearing completion. And we look forward as everybody does for hopefully a healthy resolution to what’s going on over there where we’ve got a lot of employees in the region and are going to start there with our first concern is with their health and well being. And then, I still feel very confident about the investments we’re making to be appropriate given the potential of that economy.
Will Jellison: I appreciate that. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Connor Lynagh: Yeah, thanks. I think we’ve covered a lot on the full year outlook, so just wanted to ask a couple on the near-term thoughts here. I mean, it seems like your overall messages demand looks strong and there aren’t any sort of warning signs you’re seeing, but you want to be conservative given the overall macro environment. I guess, I’m curious, just in the second quarter, it seems like you are pointing to some potential for some margin compression. Is that based on what you’ve actually seen thus far, either in March or April? Or is that just similar sort of conservative vein there?
William Grogan: No, I think, we highlighted sequential margins decline, 50 basis points of it just the Nexsight acquisition coming into the fold on the dilutive impact of the deal amortization. It depending on what your competence, there’s kind of another 50 to 100 basis points, primarily through incremental investments on the discretionary and resource side. As we said, hey, we’re going to have about $20 million, $25 million for each category this year. We spent 4 [ph] in both incrementally that’s going to ramp a little bit here in the second quarter compressed margins slightly.
Connor Lynagh: Okay. Understood. Understood. And then just in terms of capital deployment for the year, so the CapEx guidance for the full year would indicate that you’re sort of accelerating there. Just want to make sure, we have context for – what are the incremental things that you’re investing in there? What are sort of some of the big focal areas for you guys over the next year here?
William Grogan: Yeah, I think some of the big ones, Eric highlighted, continued investments in facilities in emerging markets are China expansion and India expansion, the CapEx associated with that’ll ramp here over the next few quarters. And then, we talked about a large infrastructure investment in our Banjo business, with new technology to increase automation and overall output is that business has continued to grow and scale here relative to the differentiation that that product brings to market along with a bunch of other investments is for growth and productivity across the portfolio.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, we got some things in life sciences and in our ceiling business related to semicon expansion, too. So we’re invested in that machine tools and equipment to do that, I wouldn’t say within additive emphasis on the automation capabilities that are out there today, that also has a secondary benefit of helping us on the labor front.
Connor Lynagh: Makes sense. Thanks very much.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Shlosh with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Shlosh: Hey, good morning, guys.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Andy.
Andrew Shlosh: Firstly, do you know what total price was in the quarter?
William Grogan: Yeah, it’s close to 3%.
Andrew Shlosh: 3%, right. That’s great color. The other thing I was kind of curious about, what do you think the demand outlook is for kind of [bios/medical flow?] [ph] What are you seeing there?
Eric Ashleman: I mean, that’s been very, very healthy. I mean, obviously, there’s a piece of that that’s involved with COVID, or at a minimum the vaccine that therapeutic side of that, lots of interesting things going on with cell-based therapies and other things that are out there. So, I mean, it’s an area of focus for us, we’ve got a nice presence there that has done well, and we continue to stay very interested in it.
Andrew Shlosh: Great. Thanks for the color. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Good morning, all.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning.
Brett Linzey: Hey, I wanted to come back to the guidance framework. You brought up the low-end, left some contingency there and certainly understandable, you mentioned the potential risks. I was just hoping, you could put a finer point on are there specific 1 or 2 regions or areas of the portfolio that where you’re most in this is really a demand side versus price cost, any color would be great?
Eric Ashleman: I’d say from a high level there, none of this really comes back to specific areas of concern that map against where we are and kind of where we intersect the world out there. They’re more general, and they’re pretty close to the same ones that everybody else is thinking about. So region locked down in China and what happens is that all plays out and broader exposure to Asia-PAC and supply sides back into mature economies you put us. But it’s on the radar keeping an eye on that certainly the issues geopolitically in Europe. We don’t have a lot of direct presence there. But there’s a bunch of derivative impacts for us and others, we’ll see how that plays out. But I don’t think we’re looking at it, units of measure that are different than the ones that are on the macro screen for most people.
William Grogan: And again, I think relative to some of the earlier commentary, less on the demand side, more on the supply side.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah.
Brett Linzey: Got it. Makes sense. And then just back to HST, the continued wins in sequencing in semiconductor. I was hoping you could just unbundle that in what the contribution was to the 20% order print. And then specifically within semiconductor, how are you aligning with some of these big capital commitments here in the U.S. and Europe on the fabs?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, so like I – it’s kind of hard to do that specifically, because it goes in different businesses and goes in different places, I would just say, very, very strong on both of those categories. On the semi side, I mean, we’re – like we’re involved in different aspects of that we’re involved in some businesses, we kind of come in there on the fab side, when we build out infrastructure, and other places, we’re actually involved in the metrology side, or the inspection of things that are made in that infrastructure. So we’re well positioned throughout and well positioned with the names that most people think of when they think of that industry.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Eric Ashleman: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: I just wanted to see if you’d round up discussion a little bit on capital deployment and acquisition, where you’ve obviously been successful and steady in the past year, and to this quarter, 1Q and 2Q. Can you give any just sort of background on how the funnel looks versus a year-ago versus a year and change ago, you’d be operational focus, I think is shifting more and more towards there, any changes to how that broads out the funnel or accelerates progress through it? And I’ll stop there.
Eric Ashleman: Sure. Well, I think for a while we’ve been talking about the intentionality of the work, so we resourced it in a different way, put some people on, brought some folks in from the outside, I mentioned, Roopa, in my earlier comments, she brings a lot to the effort as we go. But a lot of this comes from – bottoms up, I mean, it comes out of the businesses who know their worlds and markets the best. And you can kind of see that if you look at the last few acquisitions in particular, they’re all very close to home to our businesses. And, in fact, we’ve known them for a long, long time. So in some ways, we’re taking advantage of targets that have been out there that we’ve understood with much more focused cultivation, understanding and ability to get the transaction done, and then integrate it successfully in the company. So that’s always going to be a big piece of what we do. Right next to that, then is broadening that work and starting to think about, well, if you go slightly to the left or to the right, or extend out the time horizon a bit further, what does that suggest about the universe that’s out there, which could be known in some cases isn’t known. And so it’s very, very focused work, it’s process driven. You can think of it is almost a grid of intersection between the work that we do and the problems that need to be solved in the world and where they cross over. Again, a lot of it is relatively close to home, because we’re looking to leverage the domain expertise that we have the market insight and presence and positioning of current businesses. But it’s coming together in an interesting way, and we long, et cetera, I’d said, ever since I took the seat, I was trying to level loaded a bit. And that’s now happened, it makes that resource base more stable, and makes the work more predictable, and it’s easier to optimize. So that’s kind of where we are now looking forward to where we’re going to take it and talking to you about it as we go.
Rob Wertheimer: That’s fantastic. And so that’s obviously the process focus seems like it’s paying off. I mean, as you look at your metrics on just scale of opportunities, out of opportunity progress through, I assume you anticipate this higher level of acquisition activity is well supported to continue.
Eric Ashleman: That’s the plan. I mean, we’ve got the – to complete the kind of growth maps that we have for the businesses, we’re going to often want to bring in some technologies and position points that we don’t have today. This is a great way to do it. And we’ve got the great cash generating facility and balance sheet to pull it off. And so, but doing it in a way that works for us process driven, people dependent, we like that. And that’s what we’re trying to build there.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Walt Liptak with Seaport Research. Please proceed with your question.
Walter Liptak: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Walt.
Walter Liptak: Hi. We didn’t cover a lot of ground, but I thought I’d try and drill into a couple of things. Certainly, you recognize that the Europe and plenty of geopolitical things are in the quarter. Did you notice anything with demand like orders or with any kind of project delays or anything like that? And if you compare it and contrast in supply chain in the U.S. versus Europe, or can you see any differences?
Eric Ashleman: I would say nothing yet. Nothing on the front that’s hit the radar here. And we have a big broad cross section of different markets, different pressure points, and I wouldn’t be able to pick anything out specifically yet.
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then, I think, Bill’s remarks about the paint dispensing market. I think, he made a comment that globally, it was looking, okay, is what I wrote down. But, and then on the follow-up question, you said that it was still the second half where you thought that was going to slow down. I just wanted to make sure I didn’t miss hear something, was there some sort of a pickup in dispensing internationally for orders that might get better?
William Grogan: Yeah, Walt, I think overall, the paint markets strong, obviously, from time to time, there’s large replenishment orders in North America that were coming off of the back of a huge cycle there that’ll be have the tougher comps in the second half of the year. So demand – core demand is still strong across the globe with just tough comps on some of these projects.
Eric Ashleman: And you still have a lot of especially the Asia side of things is, I mean, it’s just now automating we’re still involved in that cycle, which is a little bit more steady state, less project specific. So it’s really how these things come together and timeout.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Okay, thanks very much.
William Grogan: Thanks.
Operator: And we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn the call back over to CEO, Eric Ashleman for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks very much. I’d like to thank everybody on the call for your interest and support to IDEX. Just 2 final points for me: one, that just a really, really big thank you to our IDEX teams and business partners that are out there. Bill and I do our best to simplify the story here makes it seem easy enough, it’s not. I mean, we deliver highly engineered solutions to very demanding customers to solve super critical problems. It’s tough to do on the best days. This has been a pronounced difficult environment. And I’m really, really proud of how our teams have come together and made the improvements and progress they have here. So I just really want to thank them. And look, we talked a lot about those challenges that are out there, the things that that folks are wondering about. And I just remind everybody, our company is uniquely positioned to help with many of those problems to solve them. It’s reflective our mission and values, and when we do our job as well. We’re rewarded financially with gross margin expansion tasked to take the business to the next level. So we’re leaning forward, we feel good about where we are and look forward to talking with you, as we go about the progress we’re making. Thanks very much.
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference, and you may disconnect your line at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-02 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to IDEX Corporation, Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require Operator assistance during the conference, please [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. You may begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 financial highlights. Last night we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months and year ending December 31, 2021. The press release along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX 's business, including a recap of our recent performance and our 2022 outlook.  Bill will then discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2021 financial results, and will conclude with our outlook for the first quarter and full-year 2022. Lastly, Eric will close with comments around our focus areas for 2022. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13724802, or simply log on to our Company homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison. I'm on Slide 6. 2021 year was another record year for IDEX. We hit all-time highs on most of our key metrics. Demand for our differentiated technology remains strong. This underlying momentum combined with our targeted growth initiatives and ability to capture price drove a strong rebound from 2020. Across most of our portfolio, we saw an expansion beyond pre -pandemic revenue levels. In the fourth quarter, we achieved a record for orders and sales and our backlog position is very strong as we enter 2022. We expanded our margins in a highly inflationary environment. We levered well in the previous investments we made to optimize our cost position and executed on our productivity funnel. We maintained positive price cost, albeit at a compressed level versus historic performance. We remained diligent in controlling our discretionary spend and used our 80/20 principles to allocate resources to our most promising opportunities. Our strategic focus, purposeful resourcing, and strong operating cash flow enabled us to deploy record capital.  We acquired ABEL Pumps and Airtech and made a collaborative investment in a technology company driving advancements in connected products. We also invested across the portfolio to support growth and productivity. We optimized our cost position within our Fluid & Metering technology segment through a consolidation of our Italy facilities and our energy businesses and delivered on operational productivity projects across the segment. All of this drove a record year in orders, sales margins, earnings, and capital deployment. We said in the past that we built IDEX to outperform through a cycle, and we continue to find ourselves in a very challenging one, characterized by supply chain disruptions and labor scarcity exacerbated throughout the year by the emergence of new COVID-19 variants. Our view continues to be that we don't see gradients of bad, rather the supply chain environment is very tough and numerous challenges persist. As pockets of issues improve, they tend to be replaced by new obstacles. Our teams have done an excellent job navigating these day-to-day operational issues.  And I'd like to take a moment to thank our IDEX employees around the globe for their dedication and perseverance throughout this prolonged period of disruption. The agility of our teams, adjusting to new issues almost every day has been and continues to be outstanding. As we look forward to 2022, we did not see any near-term signs of diminishing supply chain related headwinds, and the impact of COVID-19 remains highly variable. In the short term, these conditions have and will impact our ability to efficiently ramp production and have created significant pockets of disruption for our customers and suppliers as well. We expect that these challenges will remain at a high level, at least through the first half of 2022. Regardless of the near-term challenges, our overall IDEX strategy remains focused on the horizon. The core of what makes IDEX strong, highly engineered, specialized products used in mission-critical applications, remains a solid driver for long-term success will continue to deploy capital and invest in the resources necessary to drive organic growth in order to capitalize on a robust demand environment.  Our balance sheet has ample capacity and we will leverage that strength to continue to play offense in M&A. To that end, we expect to close on the acquisition of Next Site later this quarter. The technologies and capabilities within their business segments will nicely complement our water platform within FMT. With that, I'll turn to our outlook for our segments on page seven. In our Fluid & Metering Technology segment, we anticipate growth in our industrial day rate businesses in 2022 with a return of larger projects towards the latter half of the year. And the short term, large projects continue to lag as our customers have limited capacity to execute larger upgrades or expansions. Agriculture is expected to perform well due to high crop prices, strong farmer sentiment, and limited availability of new equipment driving aftermarket demand. Our municipal water business is stable. We see improved optimism in the market and project planning activities increasing. We are expecting an uptick in the energy and chemical markets. The North American mobile truck market is improving due to a strong construction market in home heating oil prices, and North American pipelines are reporting modest, increase capital budgets for 2022. We see international oil and gas quote activity outpacing domestic demand, an opportunity we are well-positioned to capitalize on. FMT continues to be in a strong position to realize price and we expect this to drive improved margins in 2022. Likewise, the projects we completed last year to optimize our cost position as well as new operational productivity projects will yield strong flow-through in 2022, tempered by a discretionary spending rebound and continued resource investment in the segment.  Moving to the Health & Science Technology segment. We expect the strongest growth in HST of all our three segments, and we plan to make the largest resource investments in HST to support that growth. We anticipate margin improvement driven by volume leverage, parts -- partly offset by these resource additions. HST continues to have robust demand across all their major end markets; Semiconductor, Food and Pharma, Analytical Instrument -- Instrumentation, and Life Sciences are all expected to perform well. Next-gen sequencing instrument demand is growing with research and clinical applications outpacing COVID detection and surveillance. Our ability to execute in the current environment continues to distinguish us from our competition and improve our share position. On the Semiconductor side, we continue to capitalize on tailwinds generated from global broadband and satellite communication trends. In auto, supply chain issues at our customers, especially around semiconductors mute our growth. Underlying market demand remains favorable and we expect our results to imp rove a supply chain issues ease. The industrial businesses within the segment faced similar trends to FMT. Finally, we expect that our Fire & Safety Diversified Products segment will be our most challenge next year.  In Fire and Safety, North American OEMS are experiencing significant supply chain constraints around chassis and component availability, which limits their production. On the rescue side, we anticipate that larger tenders will lag compounded by China localization policies that are driving delays. We do not anticipate near-term easing of these conditions and see the potential for recovery towards the latter part of 2022. In our banded business, like in HST, we see auto supply chain issues dampening current demand. Despite this pressure, our business continues to outperform the broader market due to our content on key vehicle models. Lastly, in the near term, we expect continued momentum within our dispensing business as customer capital investments are deployed in early 2022. However, for the year, we will see a non-repeat of North America projects as we reach the end of the replenishment cycle this year, as composed to last year. We anticipate that the unfavorable price cost position we experienced last year will rebound this year as annual contracts are renewed at current pricing.  We see this improvement tempered a bit by some mix pressure as dispensing volumes reduced, and we make some targeted investments. To summarize, we see favorable conditions across the majority of our end markets. However, the degree to which our customers and our facilities will be impacted by rolling supply chain and COVID related disruptions remains highly variable. We'll continue to monitor conditions and be as prepared as we can be for potential interruptions. Despite the short-term headwinds, we are optimistic about our growth potential and the trajectory of our end markets. With that, I'd like to turn over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Eric. I'll start with our consolidated financial results on Slide 9. Fourth quarter orders of $795 million were up 17% overall, and up 13% organically. Organic orders increased across each of our segments. For the year, orders were up 26% overall, and up 21% organically. We experienced a strong rebound in demand for our products across all our segments, and steadily built our backlog in each quarter of 2021 totaling $266 million for the year. Relative to full year 2019, organic orders were up 15%. Q4 sales of $715 million were up 16% overall, and up 11% organically. We experienced a strong demand rebound from 2020, but our results were tempered by supply chain and COVID production limitations. Full year sales of $2.8 billion were up 18% overall, and up 12% organically. We saw favorable results across all our segments and again, strong performance relative to full year 2019 with organic sales up 4%. Fourth-quarter gross margins expanded 20 basis points to 44%. For the full year, gross margins expanded 60 basis points and adjusted gross margins expanded 80 basis points to 44.7%, primarily driven by strong volume leverage. Q4 operating margin was 22.7%, up 10 basis points compared to prior year.  Adjusted operating margin declined 60 basis points driven by a rebound in discretionary spending, targeted resource investments, and the dilutive impact of acquisition-related intangible amortization, partially offset by volume leverage. Full-year operating margin was 23%, up 90 basis points compared to the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 23.9%, up 110 basis points compared to prior year. I'll discuss the drivers of adjusted operating income on the next slide. Our fourth-quarter effective tax rate was 22.5% relatively flat compared to the prior year ETR of 22.2%. Our full-year effective tax rate was 22.5% compared to 19.7% in the prior year due to lower tax benefits associated with executive compensation and the non-repeat benefits associated with the finalization of the global intangible low-income tax regulations in 2020. Q4 net income was $119 million, which resulted in EPS of a $1.55. Adjusted net income was also a $119 million with adjusted EPS of a $1.55, which was up $0.18 or 13% over prior year adjusted EPS. Full-year net income was $449 million, which resulted in EPS of $5.88. Adjusted net income was $482 million, resulting in an adjusted EPS of $6.30 up $1.11 or 21 over prior year adjusted EPS.  The tax rate movement I mentioned drives a $0.23 differential in EPS as compared to the prior year. Said differently, our EPS would have expanded by a $1.34 or 26% had 2021 been taxed at the 2020 rate. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $136 million, 115% of adjusted net income. For the year free cash flow was $493 million, down 5% versus last year, and was 102% of adjusted net income. This result was impacted by a volume-driven working capital build and higher CapEx, partially offset by our higher earnings. We spent over $70 million on capital projects this year, an increase of over $20 million versus 2020. Moving on to Slide 10, which details the drivers of our adjusted operating income. Adjusted operating income increased $125 million for the year compared to 2020. Our 12% organic growth contributed approximately $106 million flowing through at our prior year gross margin rate. We levered well in this volume increase in our team's drove operational productivity to help mitigate the profit headwinds we experienced from increased supply chain costs and the associated inefficiencies.  Although we have maintained positive price cost for the year, inflation continues to ramp and we saw compressed price cost spread versus historic levels, which pressured our up-margin rate and flow-through percentages. The positive mix is primarily result of the portfolio and business mix normalizing to pre -pandemic levels that had a negative impact on our results last year. We reinvested $35 million back into the businesses, taking the form of a partial rebound in discretionary spending to pre -pandemic levels, higher variable compensation expenses, and targeted reinvestment in resources to drive growth. Despite this incremental spend and a challenging supply chain environment, we achieved a solid 38% organic flow-through for the year. Flow-through is then negatively impacted by the dilutive impact of acquisitions in FX, getting us to our reported flow-through of 30%. With that, I'd like to provide an update on our outlook for the first quarter and full-year 2022.  I'm on Slide 11. As a reminder, going forward, we will be adjusting EPS for acquisition-related intangible amortization in both our guidance and results. Our fourth-quarter adjusted EPS under this definition would have been $1.71 per share, while our full-year 2021 adjusted EPS would have been $6.87 per share. Under this new definition for the first quarter of 2022, we are projecting GAAP EPS of $1.57 to $1.60 and adjusted EPS to range from $1.73 to $1.76. We expect organic revenue growth of 67% for the first quarter and operating margin of approximately 23%. Q1 expected results in cooperate headwinds arising from COVID driven absenteeism and supply chain production constraints. The first quarter effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 22.5%. We expect FX to be unfavorable to our top line by 1% and acquisitions to provide a 4% benefit. Corporate costs in the first quarter expected to be around $19 million. Turning to the full year 2022, we project GAAP EPS of $6.70 to $7 and adjusted EPS to range from $7.33 to $7.63. We expect full-year organic revenue growth of 5% to 8% and operating margins to be around 24%.  We expect FX to be unfavorable to our topline by 1% and acquisitions to provide a 2% benefit. The full year effective tax rate is expected to be around 22.5%. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be around $90 million, an increase over 2021 as we continue to identify opportunities to reinvest in our core businesses. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately 105% of adjusted net income and corporate costs are expected to be approximately $80 million for the year. Our earnings guidance excludes impacts from future acquisitions and any future restructuring charges. Nextsite is excluded from the figures above, as the transaction has yet to close. Next, I will provide some additional details regarding our 2022 guidance for the full year. I'm on Slide 12. On an operational basis, we expect supply chain constraints to mitigate our output for the first half of the year, muting an otherwise strong demand environment. Therefore, we are projecting organic revenue for the year to be up 5% to 8%, which translates to an EPS impact of $0.60 to $0.95 depending on the topline results. This range also assumes improving price cost. We continue to drive operational productivity across the portfolio and expect to see benefits from our 2021 restructuring actions.  This will drive $0.20 to $0.25 of favorability next year. We also continue to invest in the resources required to grow in the current year-end and beyond. These investments will reduce EPS by $0.20 to $0.25 and are funded by the productivity gains I mentioned previously. Our discretionary spend partially recovered to pre-pandemic levels in 2021 and we expect this spending to be fully recovered by the end of 2022. The unfavorability impacts EPS by 20 - $0.25. I will note that we're ramping spend to pre -pandemic levels, but with 20% higher revenues. ABEL has 1 partial quarter and Airtech has 2 quarters inorganic results included in our guidance.  We expect acquisitions to contribute $54 million of revenue and $0.08 of EPS. The incremental amortization that we see in 2022 versus 2021 is largely related to these acquisitions and will provide an additional $0.05 of EPS. Now let's take a look at a couple of non-operational items. First, our guide assumes no impact from taxes are guided rate is flat year-over-year. Second, we expect a 1% headwind from FX, providing $0.07 of EPS pressure. So in summary, we are projecting organic revenue growth of 5% to 8% for the year. Adjusted EPS expectations on the range of $7.33 to $7.63, a 7% to 11% growth over 2021 implied in our guidance is mid to high 20s year-over-year flow-through on the low-end and 30% on the high end. With that, I'll throw it back to Eric for some final thoughts.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Bill. I'm on the final slide, Slide 13. Before we open the call up for questions, I'd like to wrap up with a summary of our most critical 2022 focus areas. In an environment characterized by uncertainty and disruption, it's important not to lose sight of who we are as a company. First and foremost, we are a portfolio of great businesses that leverage 8020 with an obsessive focus to serve our customers. We refer to that simple model as the IDEX difference. We're committed to navigating the challenges of the short-term landscape, but remain focused on the longer term. We must continue to utilize our 8020 toolkits to create efficient, innovative, value-creating businesses. In a world with this level of variability, the simpler you are, the more successful you will be. We remain committed to investing in the resources needed so our businesses are poised to take advantage of the growth potential in front of us. We are a company committed to its core values and we'll continue to develop top-performing teams as part of an inspiring company culture. Diversity, equity, and inclusion continues to be an area of focus, creating environments where people feel they belong and are comfortable bringing their true selves to work every day.  Our strong operating cash flow and balance sheet put us in a great position to continue to put capital to work, and we've already identified several high return organic investment opportunities across the company that will push us past our 2021 CapEx record levels. We have invested in new industrial automation that will improve efficiency and expand capacity for growth. We're supporting focus digitalization efforts are across our installed base to solidify our superior positions and expand share of wallet. Our facility expansions in China and India are well underway, effectively doubling future capacities to support growth across the. Lastly, our M&A opportunity pipeline continues to be strong, and we look forward to deploying additional capital in 2022, welcoming new businesses to the IDEX family. With that, let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will begin docking a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hey, good morning. Eric, you had talked about projects lagging in the first half in FMT. Could you maybe give us the color in terms of your customer conversations? Are they -- the risks that this sort of gets delayed indefinitely at this point, just the urgency around getting some of these projects going? Just any thoughts around that?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, yeah. Good to talk Allison. So I mean, it's a bit of a continuation of the theme that we've seen now for a while as, there's plenty of confidence out there that there's lots of demand support to get things done. It is really difficult to do -- to just frankly bring together all the resources that you need to take a really complex project and take it from beginning to end. Lining up material, lining up resources, things like that. So what we are starting to see, frankly, are smaller to medium-sized versions of that. Slight expansions, things you can kind of do on the fly. And then continued staging for projects that are of those slightly larger incremental scale aspects, as people talk about that. I mean, quite honestly, it's the same thing that we're going through in our own business and we've got a couple of critical big projects that we've deployed they were really hard to put together. And then all over the place we're, while we're running doing those things that give you that little bit of 3% to 5% output let as we go. So I think that's really the nature of it. And of course, it varies depending on certain markets are further out ahead of that a little bit more positive some are lagging even further because they're just inherently involve larger chunks of infrastructure. But I was going to summarize it, I'd put it -- I'd describe it that way.
Allison Poliniak: That's helpful. And then just -- the free cash flow guidance. You talked about CapEx and the increased spend there, which makes sense. I know working capital you showed some increases in '21. Should we expect a similar level at '22, just given the ongoing challenges that you guys are facing? Just trying to get some color on --
Bill Grogan: Allison, it's Bill. I think it tapered down a little bit, obviously, here and as we progressed through the year, a little bit of inventory build to support the higher revenue load, but I don't think it'll be as big of a build as we experienced last year. Our efficiency metrics are down a little bit, but some of that's just related to increased inventory to buffer extended lead times that we have across our vendor base.
Allison Poliniak: Got it and I guess along with that, you guys are still on the message, but it's probably not a fair question. But are you guys kind of revisiting some of your processes in such to deal with some of these shocks that we have to go through at time-to-time. Just any thoughts on that.
Eric Ashleman: Allison, you're asking about the supply chain shocks in general?
Allison Poliniak: The supply chain shock, I mean, are you guys trying to think if things differently going forward just to kind of avert some of this stuff at the [Indiscernible].
Eric Ashleman: I mean, it's a great question, something we've revisited continuously as we go on through this. I mean, we are -- I think we're -- from a high level, we're positioned really, really well. I mean, we do a lot of local supply, close proximity with people that we've known for a long time. Deep relationships, a lot of trust there, very collaborative. So I like that topology. I don't think we would try to change it or move it farther away. And any, frankly, any change right now is difficult because everybody's bandwidth constricted. So, a couple of places we're looking at that, it's kind of at the sharpest reason why. We just -- we have to do something different and we've got resources allocated there. I will say the one thing we're spending a lot of time working on. And I mentioned in the opening comments is simplification. You can generally see are businesses that have done the most there, are frankly having the easiest time of it. We have a highly customized model at the company. And so that's always an inherent challenge for us. So I think one of the things we've learned here, and we've gotten better at as we've gone along, just trying to find a way to say, is there a simpler way to do it more modular, simpler design that's easier to reproduce against a given supply base that will probably stay pretty similar for us as we go forward.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. Thanks so much. I will pass it along.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Good morning everyone. Kind of related to Allison 's first question early to tack onto it. When you think about some of the [Indiscernible] seeing on some of these CapEx decisions just because of bandwidth or you also put into the context of the supply chain challenges in everything seeming to linger a little bit longer than people were thinking. How do you think about the risk of demand degradation or at least pipeline degradation that could materialize related to all of those moving pieces?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, there's inherently always a little bit more risk as you extend things out than any other externality could jump into the mix and start to inflect decisions along the way. So I think that's there. I mean, as we've thought of the projects that we're working with -- when you consider a project across a long-term cycle, ones that feel the most assured about or where you can just see there's not enough capacity or there's a lot of labor challenges, these things aren't going to go away in the long-term. And when you see that condition, let's say if that's in a food market, that's somebody recognizing there's a lot of demand here, we're struggling to meet it, we know it's going to be there in the long run, while the projects themselves can be delayed and they keep extending, honestly, the conversations stay pretty active. The transfer documents and data and things is still going on, so you put those into a different category. The things that you can just tell are a little bit more susceptible to shocks, new technology, it's a launch, it's dependent upon certain conditions to be there, we probably put that in a slightly more variable category. But I honestly think over the long-term there's a lot more in the first that ultimately everybody would love to do if they could. And we've now seen, and certainly we've talked about before on this call, I think we're seeing the impact of not having it deployed as we tried to recover. From now, it just essentially at above levels that were sort of were here originally before the pandemic.
Mike Halloran: That's super helpful. And then sticking with the concept of moving pieces and how you're thinking about guidance for the year. Obviously, you have these first-quarter challenges with absenteeism and everything else, and then the price cost curve and how that works itself out through the year in the context and everything. So when you think about the guidance specifically, both on the margin side as well as on the revenue side, how would you think about profitability versus call it a normal sequential curve through the year? Is it a little bit or sloped to normal? And best guess for when you think you can start getting to something more normalized and not necessarily saying back to '19 levels of smoothness, but at least more repeatable or a better understanding of what the process can look like?
Bill Grogan: Hey Mike, it's [Indiscernible] some of that's to be determined how the year plays out but are -- what's implied in our guidance is, you will from a ramp as we progress through the year. It is obviously more weighted towards latter in the year but if you look at the second quarter, it's kind of a couple of percent ramp and output versus the first quarter and it has to hold there for the balance of the year. So relative to where we're at here and the challenges we have in the first quarter, there is an assumption that those were resolved. We do have some of the discretionary costs that have just built through 2021 that are in our current run rate for the second quarter. And as we ramp volume will lever on those incremental costs; I think you'll see our margin profile continue to expand sequentially as we progress through the year.
Mike Halloran: So the point, Bill, is that, there's not a massive assumption that there's normalization through the year. There's a step-up on [Indiscernible] 2Q because there's some identifiable things that normalize out. But beyond that, it's a little bit more wait-and-see and pretty normal sequentials from [Indiscernible] 2Q [Indiscernible], right?
Bill Grogan: Yes, as I said there's not some huge switch that needs to be flipped. I think we're comfortable with the ramp that we see here in the short-term. The second quarter seasonally always goes up for us, so we've got that on top of some of just the output relief, I think we'll get, and then it's, unless something created some headwind to decelerate, we should be in a reasonable position.
Mike Halloran: Appreciate it, Bill. Thanks Eric.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC, please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Dean.
Deane Dray: I'd like to put the spotlight on these pockets of discretionary spending reinvestment, growth investment, if we could. So just so we're trued up. What was -- how much of that went into the fourth-quarter? So on slide ten, that $35 million did you kind of front-load any of that spending into the fourth-quarter or was that level throughout the year?
Bill Grogan: No. Deane, it ramped throughout the year, I think Q3 and Q4. There's marginal increase in the fourth-quarter. We talked about that in Q3 call that some things had moved from Q3 to Q4. That's one of the issues we have with the first quarter, is just last year, we were still extremely diligent and then spend a whole heck of a lot and then ramped 2, 3, and 4. So there's a little bit of ramp here as we progress from Q4 to Q1, but it's not overly material.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then on Slide 12 for year '22 bridge, you've got the two buckets growth investments, and discretionary spend rebound. I mean, collectively that $0.40 to $0.50 in your guide, they both feel a little bit discretionary by definition, right? Where and how is that being targeted? Is that level throughout the year? Is it contingency in any way? And what would be the expected returns that you would get on some of these growth investments? Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Sure. So a couple of things there. One, in general, the nature of this kind of spend, let's say today versus where it was three years ago, there are some differences. There's actually some productivity that we're all going to enjoy as we've learned how to work in different ways. Travel won't be as high as it ever was. Certainly, marketing and digital, ways to get messages out to customers, much more efficient than we've seen before. And so that's one of the reasons, even with the slight increases here in the ramp up, we're basically at a level we were three years ago with 400 million more dollars of sales in the Company.  What it's targeted towards is a lot of our investments, frankly, it's people, and it's people on the front-end of business and the technology side of the business tied to the parts of the Company that we think have the most favorable wind at their backs in terms of our positioning in the end markets that they are sitting in. So we talked before about kind of the top 25 bets across IDEX, that list ebbs and flows from year-to-year, but about 2/3 of it holds constant. In many of the resources that are here, some ways they're identified a year, year-and-a-half ago. We let the last year play out. We're really careful with things, but at some point, you start to see that, hey, we've got some real momentum here. And the nature of people driving the investments, they've got to get in, they've got to learn the company, they've got to learn the markets and then start to add some value.  So I think the return, as it often is in anything we do when we're supporting organic growth, is really strong. On investments of that type because it's people dependent. It also makes it pretty easy to be careful with as you go forward. So as Bill said, if we start to see things all of a sudden take a turn or there's something that it comes into the mix that none of us expected. By nature, we can hold off, we can do more with less, we can ask people that we deployed towards other areas across IDEX. So I think what you're seeing here a little bit is probably we would have liked to have more of that onboard and a more of an even ramp through the year last year. Again, because a lot of its people, as everybody knows, it's hard to find. When you find them, I think you want to be careful and make sure you bring them on board when you can. That's part of the mix too.
Deane Dray: That's real helpful. And then just in context of the building backlog, and I might have missed this, I apologize, did you -- can you calibrate how many in the way of revenues could not be shipped, either you didn't have the products on hand or customers weren't ready, so you got finished goods, but have you calibrated what that would have been?
Bill Grogan: Yeah, we haven't. But in the fourth-quarter it's probably 3% to 5% organic that we could have had incrementally to what we delivered if we had full availability of parts and labor.
Deane Dray: Got it. That's really helpful. And have you given the quick overview of Nextsite? It sounds like a really interesting addition to your water business.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean, it's a business we've known for a long, long time, and we've partnered with them with our sewer robots franchise there. They've been kind of closer to the customer and a partner for us. Frankly, there are predominant partner over the years. So essentially they're going to market here in North America predominantly. They do a lot of things around sewer inspection, have a few other answered products that go with that. There's some tremendous software capability embedded within that business that's used in that space and we think has appropriation abilities elsewhere in the water technology area. And a couple of other interesting nascent extensions that they've launched that we also are interested in potentially opening a door for us. So it's a really nice fit for a partner that we've known for a long time. And it was just the time is right to bring them into the IDEX family.
Deane Dray: Great. We're hearing lots and lots of focus on storm water from municipalities and there's just such a need right now and there's loss regulatory pressures as well fines that will be imposed on municipalities that they don't address it, so hot area and nice to see that investment. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Compliance is a driver for our businesses in that space. Yes.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks Deane.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So my question is a pretty simple one. You had positive price cost in two segments, negative in Fire Safety, and maybe some of the distinctions are obvious there, but could you just kind of walk through the pace of how things flow through on pricing changes. If it's all due to that, if there's any inherent pricing power differentials, that'd be helpful too, but maybe just talk through the dynamics and what you do there. Thank you.
Bill Grogan: Sure. So the dynamics of price cost is obviously, it varies across the portfolio between the segments and the businesses. Holistically, FMT's are strongest price cost relative to a lot of their business goes through channel our ability to move price through there is favorable. Obviously, they've got more exposure to heavy casting metal, motor inflation but they have the power to offset at HSPs which were OEM focused. So there's opportunities but more on an annual basis on that side of it, and the stuff that looks like the FMT, the industrial parts of it, similar dynamics. FSD has been the challenge, primarily in our Fire and Rescue businesses. We talked about the flare OEM challenges and the large backlogs that they're sitting on in excess of 12 months to 18 months. And what we've priced that on, we haven't been able to re-price it. So we continue to work through the lower-margin profile on that through the back half of the year and most likely through the first half of this year. They've gone out with significant price increases here recently on any of the annual contracts that they have.  So they are poised for a large recovery and margin improvement as we progress through the year, but still challenged in the first half. Dispensing this fairly strong [Indiscernible] relative to their steel exposure and their automotive and aerospace customer base, they were challenged as well. So they were significantly under on the price cost, weighing down the overall organization, but a lot of good effort from the teams to manage through it. And I think are much better positioned as we stand here today to progress through the rest of the year.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay that's helpful. And is there anything, sort of structural changing on how you think about those long lead times backlogs and how you price? And then just one more quick one on Macron, you mentioned sick outs, which is universal expos on 1Q. Is that all requested in savings so that you're until the next wave you see the risk continued to 1Q or maybe January, February, and I'll stop there. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, Rob. So the nature of pricing, I mean, I will say I think we and everybody else are looking at the historical ways that long-term pricing has been done and are finding ways to make sure that we've got more opportunities for investment along the way. As you suspect that given that the pressure and volume and it's just the nature of that space that's probably going to take a while, but that is in the mix in terms of innovation in different ways to handle it. On the virus, I'd say we're plateaued slight decrease, but we're such a -- we've got such a global topography that is, it decreases in one area and comes up and another one, so I'd say it's level right now not increasing anywhere but still at a higher rate than we've seen in any of the other episodes that have come across.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Wanted to start with a couple of questions following up on Deane's line on the growth in discretionary spend rebound. Those are really the two large buckets in 2022 that are dragging the incremental down from the level that we would normally expect from IDEX. Specifically, you guys said that your back to 2019 investment levels, on $400 million more revenue, IDEX has always been a big investor in growth, does that mean that we should expect potentially more incremental growth investments in 2023 or are you able to leverage those growth investments better? And do you think it's a one-year ramp up? And I assume the discretionary spend rebounded is probably anticipated to be back to normal levels by the end of 2022?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean, again, because of the nature kind of our model and what those investments usually are in terms of people. I mean, to be honest, there's a bandwidth limit on the upper side that also governed some of this. These are not the kind of businesses where you can just endlessly pull people in there and it all works better. These are super, super targeted around and aligned highly to the best that we're talking about. And then sort of everything else, we leverage a lot of that productivity to actually support those investments and run the company that way. It's a pretty consistent level, so I really do think of this more along the lines of rebuilding a basic base to fuel growth of the company in the highly targeted way that we do it more than let's say a next chapter of spend profiling for the company. We don't need to do that.
Nathan Jones: So long-term I think you guys have always talked about when you were at low single-digit, you get 35% incremental margins, maybe getting to 40% if you got mid-to-high single-digit organic growth nothing has changed structurally in that outlook over the long-term wages in a period of bringing investments back up there a period of under investment boast on new by COVID.
Bill Grogan: Exactly. Nathan, I think you're pointing to discretionary. Is that being somewhat of a catch-up here as we progress through the last two years that will fall off, there will be nominal increases on that going forward. And then as Eric said, it's our normal investment profile. So if you normalize for the discretionary ramp, we're at our traditional mid-30s type of flow-through.
Nathan Jones: Okay, just wanted on capital deployment record level of acquisition spending in 2021, but you still have reached paper problems over there in -- under-levered balance sheet. And it would take several years of spending that record level of capital on acquisitions. to get you into a more optimal balance sheet structure. Is the pipeline robust enough and are there enough opportunities at the right prices out there for you to look to deploy similar amount of capital in '21 as we go for whatever the next few years
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, Nathan. I mean, that's exactly the target and the expectation here. I mean, we talked, I know for the last several quarters, about the intentionality we've put on this. Some of the investments in resources are focused in this particular area because they have to be. The achievements that we made in '21 I think was a direct result as they're all high-quality. I can assure you we looked at a lot more than those companies to get the ones that we brought in on the board, and that's the way we're thinking of it going forward. We'll consider evaluations will be high, competition will be fierce, and we have to make sure we get plenty of that vast as we go at it and hold our discipline at the same time. But we talked our ideal spot here would begin to lever load at this high, and the minimum is higher level of deployment that actually helps you build a more uniform resource basis to do the work. We're always looking for the potential to expand it. If in fact we can do that efficiently, manage the change across the company. So it is definitely an intentional travel to a higher level? Yes.
Nathan Jones: Thanks very much for taking my questions.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson, please proceed with your question
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Given some of the pluses and minuses you talked about with respect to the margins as we progress through the year across the segments, how should we be thinking about the incremental margin at the segment level relative to the full-year guidance range you talked about, Bill, at the high-end, low-end. Can you give a little more color there?
Bill Grogan: Obviously, our first quarter is going to look fairly similar to the fourth-quarter. With ramp, I think you're going to see margin profile improve on a basis point perspective, more in FMT, as probably our highest margin improvement as -- well, obviously, we had the challenges within the FMD business this year with the CapEx reduction and then being significantly lower from a volume perspective. We had several site consolidations and the incremental costs associated with that. And then just that business levers extremely well as they progress, so I would say, FMT margins building throughout the year, HST still extremely strong but moderated relative to a lot of the investments we're making are on that side of the house. And then FSD recovering on the price cost side being a primary driver of their margin improvement for the full year with pressure here in the first half like I mentioned earlier with Rob's question.
Matt Summerville: And then just as a follow-up, just to be clear. How much price you anticipate achieving in '22 versus maybe what you achieved in '21? Thank you.
Bill Grogan: So more, I mean last year we were about 200 basis points and we will be in excess of that here in 2022.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you.
Bill Grogan: Sure
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Birenberg, please proceed with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys. More into -- little bit more into your HSD segment. In that your guidance does imply some pretty decent growth despite really tough comps this year. So I'm wondering what exactly in there I mean, we really lapping, I think tough comps in semis in life sciences and it sounds like [Indiscernible] could be source of upside, but are there other areas that just haven't recovered that are really where there's a lot of juice left.
Eric Ashleman: I don't know that the story is really that one where it's folks coming off the pandemic map or something like that. I mean, these are just inherently strong sectors that we think are going to continue, which we've seen good -- good ramping in '21 and it's honestly it's market dynamics that are going to drive it in '22. So the Pharma space which you didn't mention, that is a really good space. Now we participate there, we make vaccines more effective. As you can imagine, that's going really well. That's where we're seeing some of the medium-term capital projects. It's focus, sometimes not the biggest ones, but these smaller to medium projects to get expansion out there. That's an area where we're seeing a lot of that. Our optical technologies businesses are really well-positioned for some great applications and broadband access and coming down from space and things that are really out there. And then I would say just stuff right down the middle of the fairway is really good for us.  Next-gen sequencing, of course, there's all of the growth aspects, they were always there as part of that space but, let's be honest, all this COVID surveillance and variant identification, that's the year that's doing it across the world. So this is just -- this is a story of strong markets who are well-positioned and they continue to be needed more than ever, more than it is in any way a recovery aspect. I mean, again, I always remind people there's some industrial businesses in there that might have more FMT -like aspects, but for what -- I think the spirit of the question is, the heart of it, it's a continuation in the theme that we think is going to continue.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And a similar question though, I think FMT and probably IDEX seem that kind of have -- it seemed to be somewhat influenced by energy in that EBITDA, even though it may not be a direct exposure, it's this indirect impact, which now it seems to be kind of more topical. Very coming back we think. So what about you sent in maybe in FMT within energy recovery helping that business maybe exceed your expectations. What are your thoughts there?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean so a couple of things. Energy in general, I mean, it's our single-digit exposure there is localized largely in FMT. That is a story of recovering off of pandemic loss. No doubt because of commodity pricing and some other things and just delayed investments. It's a little different than it was 2, 3 years ago, but it's positive and that'll help. And you're also right, it's always hard to identify, but no doubt there are derivative impacts of that sector in terms of just the up and down the street industrial businesses that are throughout FMT. So we do think we have that factored in the mix, but to the extent any of that over achieved. That's the area that we'd see upside.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley, please proceed with your question.
Connor Lynagh: Yeah, thank you. I was wondering if we could return to the capital allocation question and particularly the step-up in M&A allocation that you're targeting over the next couple of years. I'm wondering if you can frame -- are there any specific end markets that you see as you look at the pipeline right now, where you're overweight, underweight? How do you overlay a view on end markets and cycles to that framework?
Eric Ashleman: It probably doesn't map as cleanly as you might imagine, because I mean, when we think about the markets that we're going after, they are often defined by niche applications sets. And so you can see those in any one of our three segments, and in some ways they might even strike you as counter intuitive. In general, we're obviously looking in areas that we think have more fundamental growth tailwinds behind them, and so a lot of it just would be exactly where you think it would. Lots of focus in the HST world, lots of focus, as we've just seen here, in water technology and spaces like that. But there are some great industrial franchises that have done a great job of targeting into certain application spaces that make a lot of sense too, that are sitting in places you might not otherwise think. The two other examples in '21 are actually great examples of that. Apple Pumps, for example, tied to mining as one of its core markets. That's actually really attractive now, because of all the mining that's going on to support alternative energy applications.  Then you look at Airtech, which from far away looks like kind of just an industrial compression business or blower business, and yet they've tuned very nicely to some alternative energy applications as well. So it really does, it plays out at that kind of specific work to be done. And then how well that lines up often to a high-level macro trend, but we very quickly kind of bring that down into the niche kind of environments that we're comfortable with and we could see that across any one of our overall segments.
Connor Lynagh: Got it. Maybe switching gears a little bit here, you mentioned labor being a constraint. I am just curious, is some of the increase in costs you're targeting related to outright increases in wages, or you are just saying availability is more the issue? How are you thinking about that as we move through 2022 here?
Eric Ashleman: So a couple of things there I mean, I always remind people we have a pretty light intensity in terms of labor. It's important, but it's not a huge driver in our P&L that being said, I think everybody expects a little bit more wage inflation we have is well here this year. To be honest, we probably see more of it tangibly in terms of premium costs and things that we're doing with the existing basis. We're scrambling to try to make things on Saturdays or Fridays in a disruptive manner, here today. So it so it matters for us but it's not a massive driver on the P&L. It is a driver, of course as it comes in and supply components where that same dimension is applying to businesses outside. So it's certainly were not immune to it. We kind of acted with pricing, price capture on the top and manage it that way.
Connor Lynagh: Understood. Thanks for the color.
Eric Ashleman: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research, please proceed with your question.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Morning.
Jeff Sprague: Couple from me if I could. Just first on FMT. The segment color you provided in the appendix at the annual headwind from Flow MD, was it also headwind in Q4 or is that business now stabilized?
Bill Grogan: Yes. It's fairly neutral in Q4, I think their current run rate now bottomed out in the third quarter and we see progression as we progress -- as we go over the next couple of quarters.
Jeff Sprague: And then on Nextsite, could you just provide a little bit of color on the expected accretion, and also just a little modeling guidance on what we should expect on the amortization that comes into the adjusted EPS equation as a result.
Bill Grogan: Jeff, once we close we'll add that to the guide. We have said it's a $50 million business with about 20% EBITDA margins, to frame it out a little bit for you, and then we'll nail it down once we close later this quarter and include it in our revised guidance in April.
Jeff Sprague: Great. And then just finally, just back to labor. Appreciate that additional color. Could you just size it though, roughly as a percent of COGS? The cost of labor.
Bill Grogan: And Eric prefers our direct labor, so things directly associated with the product builds about 7% or 8%.
Jeff Sprague: Right, thanks for the caller. I appreciate it.
Bill Grogan: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup, please proceed with your question.
Vlad Bystricky: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my call. So just -- I just wanted to go back to your comments on capacity constraints and lead times. I think during 3Q you talked about some extended lead times, but also said that you felt you were pretty well-positioned competitively versus others in the industry. Can you just give us an update or comment on how you think you're performing versus key competitors across the portfolio, and whether there's any specific businesses where you think you're more challenged versus peers?
Eric Ashleman: I appreciate the question. I mean, this is something you have to kind of gauge every single business one-by-one. So we do that when we're talking with them and when we go out there. I mean, our model is generally is always designed to be more reactive and quicker than almost any competitor we have. That's why we have local supply and all the things that we've talked about here. I would say from a performance perspective, probably just like everybody else where we're most challenged just inherently are those places that are more electronics specific where we're dependent on that probably most constraining single commodity that everybody is customized, it's very hard to scramble and get something different. Things like spun boards and those things. Now, the people we're competing against, they've got the same electronic content that we do. So I don't see that as a net competitive disadvantage.  There is a great example there frankly in that space where I know we outperformed our dispensing business had really, really strong back half push. It's some of the most electronic intensive products that we have in the entire company they did a phenomenal job largely because their suppliers are very local and it's done a great job simplifying the architecture over time. So they go down the list, don't see too many places where folks are pointing to conversion and suppliers that are beating us. For a couple of dimensions, I do think we performed very, very well. It's frustrating right now, but I think we're still in a good spot. We're super well-positioned and a lot of what goes into an IDEX solution, it's customized nature, the long history of it. There's kind of a natural defense that's part of it.
Vlad Bystricky: Okay. That's really helpful color. And then just maybe one more from me. Just going back to the CapEx ramp that you're expecting again here in '22. Can you talk about where you're seeing the best opportunities to deploy this capital, is it not mainly in areas like automation for productivity and then how should we think about this ramp? Is it reflective of some chunkier onetime things, or is this a more sustainable level of time?
Eric Ashleman: Well, there's definitely a piece of it in there that's a little chunky in our nature because it's related to facility expansion that we have talked about here for the emerging markets. I mean, we're simultaneously effectively doubling capacity over there to support growth at costs all of Asia, that we wouldn't do all the time. I will say though that it is stepped up a bit as things like industrial automation becomes more important for companies like us and others. There are not too many places you can go automate away from people standing on a production for in our environment, but where there are, it's quite cost-effective to deploy that technology, and we're doing it more than we have before. There's some great CapEx related to supporting growth in some interesting ways, digitalization as a chapter is something that wouldn't have been in there 10 years ago or 20 years ago, it is a chapter now. So I think it's a fairly typical profile, certainly reasonable capacity expansion, you'd expect given the growth that we had last year and we project to have in the future, but there are a couple of these extra chapters in there. One sort of onetime-related to facility, but I think the other ones will become part of the mix as we go forward.
Vlad Bystricky: Great, that's really helpful thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho America. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Thanks. And good morning, everyone. I wanted to come back to the wins you called out in Life Sciences and Semiconductor. Are the Life Science wins COVID -related or something outside that spectrum? And I was hoping you could put a finer point on how IDEX might be positioned with some of this forthcoming capacity build-out within Semiconductor. Any quantification be great too.
Eric Ashleman: Okay, well, a few things there. So from a life science perspective, certainly the lingering nature of COVID, it's in the mix, but I wouldn't say it's the predominant driver anywhere. We talked about Next-Gen Sequencing and variance surveillance that's a part of it, but it's not the majority by any means. It still comes back to quick cancer detection, point-of-care medicine. I mean, broader trends that have long been important and are even more important as we get more focused on healthcare. So I really don't see the current pandemic as being a significant driver. This is really broad-based and we think has a lot room to run for us in that space. On the Semi side, that's interesting. I mean, we actually participate in two places there in the classic infrastructure build-out. So we're -- we do that and attack it from the ceiling perspective. So actually, manufacturing things, we're part of that process. And then on the optical side, we do more of it on the metrology and after-production quality side of it. So we see it from two angles. And in terms of its run out, as you might suspect here, we've got a long way to go until capacity comes to where it needs to be for that particular sector. There's things still just being announced now that we're all seeing that are exciting for all of us. So we think that's going to continue for quite a while and most of it is located in our HST segment, our exposure.
Brett Linzey: Thanks for that and other question on orders and other strong year and really finish to 21. Just curious, as your teams drill down on the order book, are there any signs of double ordering in any of the businesses are pull-forward as customers try to secure a spot in line. Any color would be great.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, I think it's a small percentage mainly because of the kind of highly customized nature of what we make. That's kind of a risky bet in your -- everybody is [Indiscernible] on capacity that may or may not come around again just because of the way that we attack it with the products and the kind of product structure that we have. So it's typically not a high level, it's barely anything most days. I think we've pointed to it could be a percentage point at the current levels. I think that's pretty consistent. There's for high-volume things that people going depend on. There's probably a little bit of that, but it's not the majority of what we do here. It never has been.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. Appreciate it.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Good morning, Eric, Bill, Allison.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Scott.
Scott Graham: So let me just ask the harder one first then line that up for Bill. So I'm looking at the FMT margin in the quarter we were down essentially 180 basis points, whereas in the third quarter, we were up over 100 basis points, and the contribution this quarter from ABEL, revenue-wise with less. And it looks like FMT -- FMD had a less negative impact on sales in the fourth-quarter than the third, so why was the FMT margin down that much?
Bill Grogan: Sequentially Q3 -- or Q4 to Q3?
Scott Graham: No, year-over-year. Well both of course right, but --
Bill Grogan: I would say two things if you normalized -- so just year-over-year, if you normalize FMT and take out FMD and ABEL, you're roughly flat on that margin perspective. I think from a quarter three to quarter four, there is a couple of things. One, FMT less working days in some of the vertically integrated businesses, so they have less absorption, which is seasonal, happens in most years. We had the final costs associated with the facility consolidations that weighed a little bit on their margins in the third quarter, and then just some premium over time and freight at the end of the year to get some stuff out for customers was dilutive, so. Those three things on the sequential piece and year-over-year, it's really the ex - FMD and ABEL that's pressuring the margins.
Scott Graham: And this is not an acceleration in supply chain issues there?
Bill Grogan: No.
Scott Graham: Okay. Great. Thanks. The second question is more for you, Eric and I -- Bill was kind enough to share with us the -- what the supply chain held you back on organically to 5%, and it doesn't look like you're expecting much difference in your second half organic than your first. Just wondering how you're thinking about that 3% to 5% in the fourth quarter and how it affects your first half versus second half thinking. Doesn't that lessen in the second half of the year and, therefore, maybe you're being conservative on implied second half guide?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, well, so a couple of things. I mean, I think we are definitely having a frame in a view that Q4 was tougher in a lot of regards because of the things that Bill talked about in terms of if you put some boundaries around it. Clearly, we have we have more absenteeism here than we've seen in any other point in the year, and we know the same thing was happening in suppliers, in logistic networks and those things. And to the extent that we see that same trend lagging over to the first quarter we've extended it there. We're making certain assumptions here as we go forward. One, we always get a seasonal uptick in our business. There's certain businesses that just this is the quiet as time for them because they can't do their work outside. We know those come online. Not all of those are labor dependent anyways or supplier-driven. There's things like that are out there. And then look, we're already seeing some signs that this current wave is going to subside come down. We are seeing more evidenced that people are wanting to get back into the workforce. So those pieces as well, and it's always easier to run the place when it's warmer out. So the few things in there and I don't think the ramp is so significant that it sort of stands in the way of those expectations.
Scott Graham: Good color. Thank you both.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen & Company, please proceed with your question.
Michael Kendal: Good morning. This is Michael and us to see in for Joe.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Michael.
Michael Kendal: Thanks for the color on Nextsite. You mentioned sales would be roughly $50 million annually. What percentage is from the software component? Is there a portion that is recurring in nature?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, it's an interesting thing because it's embedded in a lot of the products. So it wouldn't be as identifiable as that, like it's for purpose definable piece. It's an extension of capabilities that's then realized in the products that we go-to-market with, but we love that capability.
Michael Kendal: Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining the call today appreciate the questions as we went through in the interest in IDEX. Just a couple of things to frame it all out. No doubt, tough environment out there for everyone, as we've seen in talked about, I mean the IDEX model in some ways doesn't make that any easier. We've got a lot of iterative in innovation and customization short lead times as a standard expectation. High reliance on value-added suppliers. I put a but in here that's important. That also strengthened us for the short and the long term. I mean, we're an agile company. We're creative, we solve problems very quickly on the fly, and that supply chain that we're dependent upon. As I said a few times here today, it's very close to home. We've known those folks for a long time and there are deep relationships and trust there, a mutual trust. So that's a huge asset for us all that comes together.  So we're going to attack the current situation and deliver our performance and continue to do our best year in the months ahead but we also want to do that and not lose sight of what we're building ultimately for the future and I'm glad we had a chance to talk about that as well. We're going to strengthen the growth prospects that we have in our most advantaged verticals through organic and inorganic efforts going to use the balance sheet to go do that and support it. We're going to continue to optimize the footprint of the company we've done some great work over the last few years to build these more simple, scalable outposts out there that for IDEX, we've stripped out a lot of complexity that's going to lever really, really well for us, in terms of supporting growth and driving financials. And then lastly, we're going to inspire supported all with, I think a very inspiring culture that strides to expand the impact of our mission, which is trusted solutions, improving lives. So thanks for your time today, I wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the IDEX Corporation Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. You may begin.
Allison Lausas: Good morning, everyone. This is Allison Lausas, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter 2021 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3 months ending September 30, 2021. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer -- The format for today's call is as follows. We will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX's business and an overview of our end market performance. Bill will then discuss our third quarter 2021 financial results and provide an update on our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2021. Finally, Eric will conclude with an update on the IDEX Difference. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number (877) 660-6853 and entering conference ID 13712091, or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison. Welcome to IDEX. It's a pleasure to have you on the team. I'd like to start by thanking Mike Yates, our former Chief Accounting Officer, for his 16 years of service to IDEX. Mike help lead an evolution of our finance and accounting organization and his work has had a long lasting impact on the business. On behalf of the entire IDEX team, I wish Mike the best in his future endeavors. Now let's turn to our IDEX overview on slide six. We continue to see supply chain challenges throughout the third quarter. Our localized sourcing, production and selling model helps us a bit relative to others, but this prolonged environment of poor material, labor and logistics availability challenges us just like any other business. Despite these obstacles, our IDEX teams around the globe have risen to the occasion. They exhibited both resiliency and stamina as they overcame yet another quarter filled with day-to-day disruptions, all while providing a high level of support to our customers. I want to thank all the IDEX team members across the globe for your hard work, not just in Q3 but over the last 18 months of business within a pandemic. At this stage, we don't see any near-term signs of diminishing macroeconomic headwinds. Rather, we expect they'll remain at a high level and persist into 2022. We'll continue to leverage our 80/20 principles as we align around our best customers, our best prospects for growth and our critical business priorities. I spoke last quarter about our ability to capture price due to the differentiated mission-critical nature of our products. Overall, the price actions that we took over the past six months were increasingly realized in the third quarter, and we saw our price, cost spread increase sequentially. We will push price aggressively and appropriately as conditions continue to support our arguments. Despite the many challenges out there, our organic performance remains strong. We set another record in the third quarter for orders, sales and backlog. Our backlog is now $186 million higher than it was at the end of last year. Signals around the return of industrial projects have intensified and current energy prices, if sustained, have the potential to drive investments within IDEX application areas. Our Health Science and Technologies segment performed exceptionally well. Over the past 5 or so years, we have stepped up organic investments with our focus on the longer term. Within our sealing business, we built a new facility with the goal of capturing share in the expanding semiconductor market. We brought three optics facilities together, and our new Optics Center of Excellence to enable future wins in life sciences by integrating multiple IDEX components to create value for our customers. We optimized the footprint and core technology of our material processing technology platform to enable long-term repeatable growth across a series of technologies. These investments have generated tremendous returns, and we are well positioned to capture share and capitalize on market growth going forward. On the inorganic side, our recent acquisitions are doing extremely well. Abel Pumps is fully integrated and performing ahead of expectations. The Airtech integration is ahead of schedule, and the team is making strong progress on their growth strategy. Both are executing well in the challenging operating environment as they come up to speed on our 80/20 playbook. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we have ample capital available to support future acquisitions and investments in the business. Our M&A funnel is healthy. Our expanded team has identified a number of interesting opportunities as we look to deploy additional capital in the near and long term. In the end, we are focused on delivering and growing within a very difficult near term operating environment while spending a significant part of each day thinking about the best investments in teams, technologies and business opportunities to thrive in the years to come. I'm very confident in our team's ability to outperform in both areas. With that, I'll turn to our market outlook on page seven. In our Fluid & Metering technology segment, industrial day rates were favorable versus the second quarter. Larger industrial projects still lag, but quote activity and funnel strength have both improved. Agriculture remains robust, delivering on record volumes. Our water businesses continue to perform well. Municipal spending is steady, and there is general optimism around future increased government funding. The chemical and energy markets continue to lag primarily due to limited capital investment. However, on the chemical side, smaller, fast starting projects performed well. We are cautiously optimistic on energy as increased fuel prices and concerns over energy shortages have the potential to trigger investment. As we noted last quarter, our Flow MD business has experienced a significant pullback in customers' capital investments. It impacted FMT's organic sales by 8%. In other words, excluding the impact of Flow MD, FMT organic sales would have grown 15% instead of 7% as reported. Moving to the Health & Science Technologies segment. We continue to see strong demand across all our end markets. Semiconductor, food and pharma, analytical instrumentation and life sciences all performed well. We continue to win share through our targeted growth initiatives, and our intentionality around identifying opportunities that grow faster than the broader market is paying off. The automotive market remains affected by supply chain-driven challenges, but we continue to see growth due to our concentration in higher end European vehicles. The industrial businesses within the segment saw a trend similar to FMT. Finally, our Fire & Safety Diversified Products segment is our most challenged segment right now. Price capture and volume offsets faced stronger headwinds within the segment due to higher direct OEM exposure and higher levels of material intensity due to vertical integration. In Fire & Safety, North America Fire OEM production continues to struggle due to supply chain challenges. Larger tender activity is slowly increasing within the global Fire Rescue markets, but we feel these market challenges will persist into 2022. US automotive production pullbacks due to microprocessor shortages have tempered the performance of our banded business. We continue to achieve new platform wins and believe we're well positioned to supply chain constraints eventually ease. But in the third quarter, the impact of automotive shutdowns increased versus last quarter and moderated our performance. Finally, dispensing performed well as key customers deploy capital on strong DIY market demand, and our global product offerings capture share. We continue to closely monitor market conditions and expect rolling supply chain disruptions to continue throughout the balance of the year and into 2022. That said, our third quarter organic orders were flat sequentially versus second quarter, and our backlog remains at a record level. Overall, the demand environment for IDEX products is not weighed [ph] despite supply chain challenges, and we remain optimistic about the trajectory of our end markets. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Eric. I'll start with our consolidated financial results on slide nine. Q3 orders of $774 million were up 36% overall and up 28% organically. We built $62 million of backlog in the quarter, and all three segments had strong organic performance versus last year as well as versus the third quarter of 2019. Third quarter sales of $712 million were up 23% overall and up 15% organically. We continue to experience a strong rebound from the pandemic across our portfolio, tempered by supply chain constraints. The Flow MD pressure and Fluid & Metering Eric discussed, also had an impact on overall organic sales. Excluding Flow MD, organic sales would have been up 18% overall. Q3 gross margin expanded 50 basis points to 43.8%. The increase over the prior year quarter was primarily driven by increased volume and price capture, partly offset by inflation and supply chain impacts. Excluding the impact of a $9.1 million pretax fair value inventory step-up charge related to the Airtech acquisition, adjusted gross margin was 45%, and improved sequentially. Third quarter operating margin was 22.6%, flat compared to prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 24.3%, up 120 basis points compared to prior year, largely driven by our gross margin expansion and fixed cost leverage, offset with some pressure from targeted reinvestments and the dilutive impact of Airtech and ABEL acquisitions due to their intangible amortization costs. I will discuss the drivers of operating income in more detail on the next slide. Our Q3 effective tax rate was 23.4%, which was higher than the prior year ETR of 14.4% due to the finalization of tax regulations enacted in the third quarter of 2020 as well as a decrease in the excess tax benefit related to share-based compensation in the current period. Third quarter net income was $116 million, which resulted in an EPS of $1.51. Adjusted net income was $125 million, resulting in an adjusted EPS of $1.63, up $0.23 or 16% over prior year adjusted EPS. The tax rate movement I mentioned drives a $0.27 differential in EPS as compared to the prior year quarter. Said differently, our EPS would have expanded by $0.50 or 35% had 2021 been taxed at the 2020 rate. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $142 million, up 5% compared to prior year, and was 113% of adjusted net income. The result was impacted by higher earnings, partly offset by volume-driven working capital build. Our working capital efficiency metrics remain strong, and the teams continue to do a good job managing significant year-over-year volume and supply chain challenges. Moving on to slide 10, which details the drivers of our adjusted operating profit. Adjusted operating income increased $39 million for the quarter compared to the prior year. Our 15% organic growth contributed approximately $29 million, flowing through at our prior year gross margin rate. We achieved positive price cost within the quarter, and saw our price, cost spread improved sequentially. Our teams continue to drive operational productivity as another lever to help mitigate the profit headwinds we experienced from supply chain costs and associated inefficiencies. The positive mix is a primary result of the portfolio and business mix normalizing to pre-pandemic levels that had a negative impact on our results last year. As Eric mentioned, we are actively investing in the resources we need to execute on future growth and productivity. This reinvestment back into the business, higher variable compensation and targeted increases in discretionary spending drive the year-over-year pressure of $15 million. Despite the incremental spend, inflation and supply chain-driven operational efficiencies, we still achieved a solid 37% organic flow-through. Flow-through is then negatively impacted by the dilutive impact of acquisitions and FX, getting us to a reported flow-through of 30%. With a significant amount of focus dedicated to navigating supply chain disruptions, we did not fully execute on the level of spend we expected in the quarter. We intend to make these investments in the fourth quarter, and they will mitigate our flow-through a bit as we close out the year. With that, I would like to provide an update on our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year. I'm on slide 11. For the fourth quarter, we are projecting adjusted EPS to range from $1.55 to $1.58. We expect organic revenue growth of 9% to 10% and adjusted operating margins between 23.5% and 24%. Q4 results are slightly lower than the third quarter, driven by organic and inorganic resource investments seasonality and the potential for year-end logistics challenges. The Q4 effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 23%. We expect about 0.5% of top line benefit from FX, and corporate costs in Q4 are expected to be around $19 million. Turning to the full year. We are narrowing our full year EPS guidance from a range of $6.26 to $6.36 to $6.30 to $6.33. We are also maintaining our full year organic growth of 11% to 12%. We expect operating margins of approximately 24%. We expect FX to provide 1.5% benefit to top line results. The full year effective tax rate is expected to be around 23%. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be around $65 million, in line with our previous guidance. Free cash flow is expected to be around 105% of net income, lower versus our last guide primarily due to working capital investments. And corporate costs are expected to be approximately $73 million for the year. Our earnings guidance excludes impacts from future acquisitions and any future restructuring charges. Finally, beginning in 2022, IDEX will provide EPS guidance and report actual results, excluding the impacts of after-tax acquisition-related intangible amortization. We believe reporting adjusted EPS on this basis will provide more transparency to our core operating results as well as facilitate comparisons with our peer companies as we continue on our capital deployment journey. With that, I'll throw it back to Eric for some final thoughts.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Bill. I'm on the final slide, slide 12. Before we open the call up to questions, I'd like to share a few updates around our great teams. First off, I'd like to extend my public congratulations to our Non-Executive Chairman, Bill Cook, on being named Public Company Director of the Year by the National Association of Corporate Directors. Bill and I both joined IDEX around the same time in 2008, and I've learned a great deal from him over the years. His insightful perspective and critical thinking skills have been tremendously helpful for the company, and I know I speak for everyone at IDEX when I say congratulations, Bill, on this well deserved honor. Turning to the IDEX Foundation. Last month, the foundation entered a national partnership with the Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Various US-based business units have supported their local boys and girls clubs over the years, but this takes our joint work to the next level, offering a clear pathway for increased engagement. Every one of our U.S. business units is close to at least one boys and girls club location. This agreement aligns with the foundation's equity and opportunity charitable pillar added earlier this year, seeking to create opportunities for underserved disadvantaged people of color within our community. Finally, we attribute much of our success to our strong foundational culture. Our annual September engagement survey just came back. And even within this incredibly challenging environment, loaded with disruptions in unexpected turns, we held study and were scored in the top quartile of all manufacturing companies. Our teams around the world are beginning to develop tactical plans to address feedback provided by their local teams, part of the continuous improvement that supports everything we do at IDEX. With that, let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Ashleman: I think we lost Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Can you hear me?
Eric Ashleman: Now we can.
Bill Grogan: Now we can.
Nathan Jones: Okay. All's Well That Ends Well. First question just on this discretionary reinvestment it wasn't called out on the walk in the first quarter, ramped up in second quarter and third quarter. And I think Bill said in his comments that you didn't actually spend as much in the third quarter as you intended. I think that margin guidance for the fourth quarter is down a little bit. Is that all just coming from the extra discretionary reinvestment in growth that you guys are looking at in the fourth quarter?
Bill Grogan: Yeah, I know exactly. I think the teams have done a good job managing and focusing on the critical things that we need to invest within the business. In the third quarter relative to - obviously, there's high demand for labor across a bunch of businesses, a bunch of different geographies and some head count and other items that we thought we would have landed in the third quarter just got pushed to the fourth quarter. So that will come back and put a little bit of mitigation on our overall flow-through, but still relatively strong.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And then one of the things I got from your press release was a quote where you said macro constraints that inhibit customer satisfaction. I assume that means that all of these constraints are leading to lower on-time delivery metrics for you guys. Can you talk about how much that slipped, if there's any anticipation, you'll be able to get them back up quickly, and if that impacts your ability to push pricing at all?
Eric Ashleman: Sure. Well, it's less a function, Nathan, of on-time delivery and actually a function of extending lead times and then hitting those commitments. So I mean, we've maintained a high say-do ratio relative to our customers. We use the 80/20 lens to provide differentiated services for different levels of customers, so all of that remains constant. But in this environment, the part that I think we're all struggling with is just inherently the lead times in the queue is lengthening. So it's really that - your question around when does it resolve. I think, as we indicated, it's further out on the horizon, quite honestly. I mean a bunch of the knobs have to turn together, material availability, labor availability across the spectrum and logistics. So as those start to move and start to move in, and all of us can depend on higher levels of throughput, we would be able to bring lead times back in. And ultimately, against all of that, still maintain that high [indiscernible] ratio. So it's, again, less on OTD rates and more on just lengthening lead times against expectations.
Nathan Jones: And does it impact your ability to push price at all? Or are customers just conditioned at this point that lead times are extending, and they just have to deal with it?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. It really hasn't interfered. I mean, one of the things we're always tracking is lead times relative to our typical traditional performance as well as then competitively. And because our model has generally been advantaged this way it remains so on a relative basis. So as long as that holds, that generally keeps all of the arguments and the equations where we like them.
Nathan Jones: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll pass it on.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Nat.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: First, welcome to Allison. Best of luck. Secondly, great to see you guys moving to cash EPS, it makes all kinds of sense for you, put you on that level-playing field with your growth by acquisition peers. So a great move no surprise there. So thank you. The question - so let's just roll the clock back to last quarter, and I think you guys are one of the few that thought that the whole supply chain inflation had plateaued, but it really has not. Maybe if you could just - you've kind of given the description that we've heard from everyone about inflation, supply chain, labor, et cetera. But where are you feeling the greatest pain? And is there - just to clarify on Nate's question, are there any -- have you missed out on revenues? And can you quantify that?
Eric Ashleman: Okay. So look, I mean supply chain has been a tough story for at least 6 months, and continue here into the fourth quarter. We did say at it plateaued, we said that relative to a pretty tough situation. So tough in the second quarter, tough in the third and continued tough in the fourth with, frankly, some year end dynamics that always make that quarter a little bit tougher. And so we're thinking of those as we project forward. Your question around what are we experiencing? Well, I mean there's a lot of variety in IDEX. But one thing that makes us all about the same is we tend to buy a lot of configured materials. We're not overly vertically integrated, so material availability is the #1 challenge. . And then it does vary. We've got some businesses - a few that are more semiconductor and ship-intensive. And then as you suspect, those tend to be the items for those businesses. Others, it's things like motors and castings. And typically, if they're coming from further away, that's a harder challenge. Labor availability for us, we don't have labor as a high percentage of our sales, but we do have pockets and it tracks pretty uniformly where labor is scarce either in the US or in other geographies. And I'd say as an overlay, I'd probably say all of IDEX to some degree, is continuing to try to track down scarce logistics resources, especially on smaller shipments or things that are going overseas. So I know that pretty much covers the spectrum of all possibilities. But if you want to just put a bow around it for us, it's material availability coming in through a supply chain of configured materials.
Bill Grogan: And then, Deane, maybe to your lost revenue comment, I think holistically, no. Obviously, we've got critical products across the portfolio that are spec-ed in, and high demand. This isn't a commodity application where folks can get it a week faster for dollar cheaper, they're going to go with that product. So relative to loss revenue or our ability to capture price the differentiation we have with our technology continues to support our incremental price increases across the different businesses.
Deane Dray: All right. That's all really helpful. And just last one for me. You commented on record backlog, is there - and extended lead times, is there any chance that you'll need to go back and reprice any of that backlog? Just older it is, the more that material cost inflation weighs on it and so forth. What's your flexibility there?
Bill Grogan: Yeah, where we have the ability to do that, we're not contractually constrained. We have done that as we progress through the year.
Eric Ashleman: Yes.
Deane Dray: Great. Thanks for all the help.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Deane.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Good morning, everyone. So a couple of questions here. First, a lot of moving pieces in the environment as we sit here today. Certainly appreciate the color that you gave us, I guess, in this case, literally the green and red colors you gave us, and the various end markets and how those were performing. Maybe you can just start triangulating some thoughts on how you're thinking about those markets as we move into next year and maybe even through the next couple of years. Your concern level with all of the supply chain challenges, degrading demand, having some sort of circular challenge versus how you think about sustainability of the recovery curve as we sit here today and just how you balance all those moving pieces out internally?
Eric Ashleman: Sure. So there is a couple of things there. Yeah, relative to kind of the green and red chart that we provide folks. It hasn't changed a lot over the last couple of quarters in terms of the few areas that are lagging. So I'll just - I'll sort of leave those as those stories continue in energy and chemical, and we can go into those later if we like. But I'd say a few things that are new here would be - the automotive side did flip over to red for us. There's just no question but more disruption, more shutdowns even on the higher end stuff where our products tend to have good presence. . Again, a small piece of IDEX, but it is something that's changed and changed a little different. I think if you kind of come up to a segment level, I mean, as you can see from our prepared remarks, and just in our numbers, I mean, the Health Science Technology segment is doing really, really well, very, very strong got semiconductor. That's where our exposure is. That's a strong market. Anything in analytical instrumentation, life science, the food areas. We've got some pharma in there as well. Those are just kind of universally strong and we would expect those to continue strong going forward. I think we talk a lot, of course, and we turn over to FMT and our project business and the nature of those. And we have seen some movement there. This has been a slow march of progress through the year. But I would say in the areas of food and pharma, in particular, you are starting to see a shift towards some intentional capacity expansion, which lends itself into discussions with folks like us and others around project business. In places on a more classic FMT side of the spectrum: chemicals, energy. That's lagging on the other side, although even in chemicals, some of the faster turn projects we're seeing those come about. And then in that sort of right down the middle of the fairway industrial environment where a lot of our FMT businesses play. The discussions continue to move, and we are starting to see a bit of that hit-the-order board, at least indicate that it will in the first part of 2022. So I just -- I wouldn't say that the acceleration curve is different, but it continues to move more positively. Second part of your question was really around sort of the supply chain condition and it's run out. I think we were talking about this morning. I would be interesting is, overall, I think this is playing out indicating that there's still a lot of capacity that has to be put to work in the industrial space. You got too many places running 12 hours, 13 hours and running their equipment into the ground. Then some of the challenges with labor scarcity. I mean that lends itself towards automation and other things that are going to provide some support. So I do feel good about the longer-range winds at our backs and others in the industrial space. The near-term challenge, of course, is that we're sitting here, and a lot of other companies are sitting with a lot of backlog and in some ways, kind of a steady output that we wish was higher because of the supply chain challenges. Eventually, those 2 lines cross. We -- I would like to think that what would happen is the throughput would continue to increase its capacity is supplied as people come back to work and begins to catch that order rate and then it continues in a great direction. I think that's the open question for all of us is sort of how do these things resolve. Those 2 rates resolve over time in, let's say, the next 2 quarters coming into 2022. And so we're going to have to watch all of the inputs and the variables that are driving that, a pretty complex equation, of course. But I'd end with saying continued positivity, the rates of progression are -- we're seeing those feeling those, and feel good about them. It all kind of comes down to a few things that are variable in the near term.
Mike Halloran: Appreciate that. And then just usual kind of update, M&A outlook, how you think about funnel actionability? Any color around that?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. No. I mean very good. As we've talked about through most of the year here, we were intentional of putting some more resources on this job. We're looking at more projects, more interesting ideas out there traveling around. We're kicking the tires on a lot of things and have a strong funnel in a variety of areas, both things that apply to IDEX businesses and are in close universes as well as kind of an open line of things that are interesting and IDEX like that we might consider over time. So both in good shape, and we're excited about prospects there as we go forward. .
Mike Halloran: Thanks, everyone. Appreciate it.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just with respect to the change in reporting as it relates to acquired intangibles amortization, what is that number build for IDEX expected to be in '21? And if you have something you can give us for '22, that might be helpful. And then I have a follow-up.
Bill Grogan: Yes. Matt, we'll give guidance on what that number was for '21, and our go-forward guide once we come out with our numbers in late January.
Matt Summerville: Okay. And then with respect to Flow MD, the volatility you've seen in that business, Eric, seems a bit outside of what I tend to call on IDEX-like business. I was wondering if you could just give a little more thoughts on how we should be thinking about that going forward.
Eric Ashleman: Sure. Sure. Well, it has some attributes. I mean it's very IDEX-like in terms of the problems it solves, and sort of position on the bill of materials for the fossil fuels infrastructure in the country. So that is typical. But you're right, relative to the average IDEX business, the unit of measure of the sale price of the product is a lot larger. This is -- these are pretty large units. In fact, the nature of projects in terms of how those orders come to us are larger as well. It tends to be very much a capital-intensive kind of way of doing business. And so this is a business that, remember, if we just back up over the last year when we acquired it, had really, really high levels of backlog because they captured a lot of projects long ago prior to the acquisition. Then, of course, things change pretty dramatically in terms of how the major folks that are in charge of the pipelines in the U.S. We're talking about capital spend. We burned off that backlog and now find ourselves kind of in a steady state against replenishments and maintenance projects. We do a few things internationally. But the core of this business is still ultimately around the build-out or refurbishment around pipeline infrastructure in the US. It comes in larger project increments, and the sale price of the end product is larger. So the - for all of those reasons, the magnitude year-over-year is a larger swing than you would typically see in IDEX. That's why we've been careful to call it out and make sure people understand it within the FMT results.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then just one final one. Just in terms of pricing, you typically get somewhere in the range of 100, maybe 150 basis points in a good year. And I'm curious as to where your realization is on a year-over-year basis at the present time? And how much of that should be viewed as more -- as permanent in nature versus maybe some of that's more surcharge like? So any color you could provide there would be helpful.
Bill Grogan: Yes. No. So we're in excess of 200 basis points this year. It will be a record year for price capture for the organization. Majority of it is permanent price increases. Obviously, we looked at surcharges on the freight side as that's been much more variable to offset that. But most of it will continue into our base level pricing for 2022.
Matt Summerville: Great. Thank you, guys.
Bill Grogan: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. And welcome, Allison. Eric, I want to go back to your comments and just kind of beat this up a little bit more. Supply chains tempering a little bit of the growth. I guess, one, is there a way to quantify sort of what that impact was in the quarter in terms of maybe lost one or two points of organic. Then I guess - and then along with that, Bill, you talked about working capital, some increases there, and I suspect part of that is a supply chain issue. Is there an opportunity here for you guys to attack, and maybe more fully in the first part of next year, some of those lead times and start to bring them in a little bit? Just any color there?
Eric Ashleman: Sure, Allison. In terms of output, we could have realized with a slightly more favorable backdrop in the supply chain, probably in the range of a couple of percentage points of the organic rates that we posted. Just simply had the order, could have made it and can point to something that prevented it in one of those 3 categories that I talked to. I'll let Bill talk about the inventory. I will say we, like many businesses, on critical material if we can get it even if it doesn't make up perfectly with some other things, we're going to -- we'll take the spot and take the material. So there's a little bit of investment in working capital there. I think the last part of your question around, can we attack it? I think like a lot of other businesses, we're scrambling to lift our capacity and help our supply chain in any way we can on all dimensions. So some businesses are attacking the labor scarcity issue in very unique ways and very innovative, quite honestly. Others and most of it comes down to, in some places, capital spend. We're doing some things and thinking through capital that we know we have to put into the business so we kind of watch that ramp throughout the year. And that makes sense, and wherever possible. IDEX is not an easy business to automate, but we're doing it more than we have been before because it also helps solve the labor issue. Sometimes this comes down to design, which is something that people don't think a lot about. Sometimes you can actually alter designs, whether it's in simple circuitry or even some of the other parts that we have, and assist with fabrication. This is where our local proximity really helps us. So we can get in a car and drive over to a supplier and kind of have a collaborative discussion of, is there a different way to solve this problem and bring material in. So it's pretty much every day, if you went to one of our daily management sessions, you'd probably see that 70% of the discussion is around solving problems of this nature, both in the short term, and then wherever possible, and longer term in terms of investments or problem-solving.
Bill Grogan: Yes. And I think there will be opportunities on the working capital side once things normalize, but time will tell when that is. We're assuming back half of next year, but we'll see.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then just in terms of HST, strong quarter there. And you had mentioned, obviously, investments have been starting -- certainly contribute to core. Is there a way to quantify sort of what that contribution to core was this quarter as well as any comments on sort of the mix impact that some of those investments are having in terms of those products being delivered today?
Bill Grogan: No. I'd say when you look across the portfolio, there's been robust margin expansion in almost -- well I shouldn't say almost, in every single reporting unit. Since we have -- we highlighted a couple, but there's been targeted investments in all entities within the HST segment that have -- you just look at the overall margin expansion that we've experienced there as we realize some of the incremental revenue associated with it. And because of the differentiated nature of that technology, the high margin associated with it. We did some folks highlight. Sequentially, the margin was down in HST, but that's really due to Airtech coming into the portfolio. On a like-for-like basis, margins are still at kind of those all-time highs we saw in the second quarter, and look for that in the core to continue here as we go forward.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. Thank you.
Bill Grogan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Robert in for Joe. Yeah, I just wanted to touch on orders again. Do you have any sense of how much your customers are trying to like build their inventory. And I guess also like how much of the order activity feels consistent with like actual demand trends.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. No, it's a good question. I mean, so a couple of things. One is when we think about the nature of most IDEX products, it's highly configured, some ways customized for each application. And so typically, it's not a great product to over order lots up because you're never quite sure of how it's going to run out when the customer system. I would say what is a little different as we go through the year here in terms of typical patterns, it's just lengthening of sort of order horizon. So if somebody would have before given us, let's say, six months' worth of requirements, they might throw another quarter in there, recognizing, hey, this is a standard product. We know we're going to use it in this particular case, and we don't want to lose a place in line. That tracks actually with our own lead times as we extended those lead times, most equations would work and say then that's how you would change your order patterns to accommodate it. So I really - we've never seen a tremendous run-up of inventory IDEX material. Our distributors and channel within FMT doesn't really work that way. Most people still, as they think of planning for IDEX products, think of us as generally on the very agile, reactive end of the spectrum, and they haven't really changed their thinking around it as the entire world kind of goes through a relative change in shift outward.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful. Thank you for that. And then I guess I have a quick one also, just a follow-up on the M&A pipeline. It sounds like you said is very healthy, and integration of Airtech, which is one of your largest acquisitions to date, is going well. And with all the focus that you have internally on those initiatives going forward. This might be a break from previous acquisition behavior, but would you all be considering anything more transformational in nature, like a really big acquisition that might be like a new segment or something like that?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, I'd say 2 things there. One, we always consider kind of every chapter within possibilities, things that are very small, like little pieces of technology we want to tuck-ins, things like in Airtech or, frankly, ABEL pumps, which are more typical of IDEX transactions in the past. And then we do consider from time-to-time things at the other end of the spectrum that are larger. I think you always want to exercise that muscle, but we're always careful to say, for something in that category, it would have to have very IDEX-like characteristics to mitigate risk. And there's just not a giant universe of things that are in that particular bucket. And if there were, actionability is always somewhat of a question. And so we do consider it from time to time, we don't turn that switch off, but we recognize the probability is generally lower for the reasons that I suggested there. Just thinking about how it would mix and complement IDEX and where it would attach given the large size that you're describing. But every one of those chapters is something that we kind of walk it down as a book in our own follow-up calls.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to hand the call back over to - no, we do have another question from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, everybody. Just a little bit curious if you can give more background around the targeted spending. You mentioned Fire & Safety, cost pressure mitigation and/or whatever. And then you've been talking about the discretionary investments for a couple of quarters. I know last year, there's obviously some discretionary cuts. But just generally speaking, are you seeing more opportunity? Are you trying to change anything in the way you attack opportunities with the investments? Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Sure. I mean, generally, when we talk about growth investments in IDEX, they often walk on 2 legs. I mean they're people that we're going to bring into the business with specific skills for the charter to go focus in front-end areas, usually on the commercial side or strategic or thinking around putting the balance sheet to work. So there are other things that we'll do, sometimes third-party services, a couple of things in terms of nurturing and shaping technology, but a lot of times, it comes down to people-based investments. And just amping up the ability to go out and study things, spend time in the field, get the inputs that we need to then begin to modulate the technologies that we have in-house or the others we might bring in.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Perfect. That's a helpful response. And then just in Fire & Safety. And then just a path to -- I don't know, the path and mechanism on recapturing some of the cost pressures there. And I will stop. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean it's just a little off the IDEX typical. We do, as we mentioned, have a little bit more OEM concentration there. this is where some of the larger project work tends to be as well. You put the two things together, and you're not as able as we are in FMT and other places to just sort of go out and make those discrete changes quickly. So it doesn't mean we don't get that capture. The margin performance over time would absolutely verify that we do. It's just -- it does tend to lag a little bit from the rest of the more typical IDEX location. So - but the arguments, the pricing argument around criticality of solution and leveraging our position, our number one share position within those niches and our long relationship with customers, that's basically the same equation. It's just you have to be a little bit more cognizant of the timing and the duration of projects and things that are just a little different there. So we wouldn't see this as something that's going to dramatically alter the margin performance of that company over time or those businesses, but it will take us a little longer to catch up here.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Vlad Bystricky: Good morning, team. Thanks for taking the call.
Eric Ashleman: Morning.
Vlad Bystricky: So just wanted to follow up on some of the reinvestment that you're doing, and particularly given supply chain and logistics issues you see out there now. Has your thinking about where you're targeting investment dollars evolved or changed over the course of the year as you've seen the supply chain and inflationary pressures continue to increase and not really get any better?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean that's a great question. And the short answer is no. When you think about -- when you consider the cycles of our business, one of the things that's really, really important is that even as near-term things like supply chain challenges, all the stuff we talked about, disrupt the day-to-day, and maybe that even continues for a series of quarters, the best that you're going to make, you got to consider as you're making them today to sometimes flares 2, 3, 5 years in the future. And I was reflecting when we talked about all the positive aspects that are happening in HST, many of which were coming out of specific facilities that we bought for specific reasons to get it in different markets, actually went back and checked the dates. Those were commissioned in 2016, '17 and '18, basically, and they're now at full fruition here, and we're very glad we made those bets. So we just have to be very aware of sort of longer-term trends, longer-term positioning and make sure that we're both doing two things simultaneously. One, reacting appropriately to the disruptions in front of us, but also projecting and extending ourselves into '23, '24, '25 and making sure that those bets and those first discussions around growth are actually happening now.
Vlad Bystricky: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks. And then maybe just shifting gears a bit. I know Asia is a smaller piece of the mix for you versus the U.S. and Europe. But can you talk about what you saw in terms of growth trends in the region over the course of 3Q and into 4Q, given the evolving COVID situation and policy responses in countries like China and Malaysia?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. And I preface both. I mean most of our areas where we play. We've got a campus in India, a campus in China, and then we've got some commercial things across broader Southeast Asia. And I would say, in general, those have performed very well for us, the last few years. They have performed well in 2021. I remind everybody it is a smaller portion of IDEX, and we attack it in a really surgical way. So we're picking specific niches, specific applications and then mating up technologies that we have available in IDEX to go after those. That -- I mean we're picking them because we think in many times, they're somewhat immune to some of the ebbs and flows that you would see more day-to-day or quarter-to-quarter because they've got growth dynamics at their back. So we're doing things in air ventilators and things for high altitude, or paint dispensing is a great market across all of that region for that specific reason. Now specifically, I would say we -- as a backdrop, I don't think we're seeing things that are different than others have talked about in terms of more moderate growth rates in China. And in a couple of instances, I'll talk to China specifically, we have some headwinds where there's -- and we mentioned this, there's a build for China belief out there around certain markets and things that they are very interested in investing in -- and that provides headwinds for us, but I would say that's where innovation kicks in. What we're able to offer is quite different than the local option. -- just means the sales cycle has extended a little longer, a little harder, but ultimately, we think our differentiation wins there. It's been a great performing region for us.
Vlad Bystricky: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, thank you. Again, I'd like to welcome Allison to our team and our session here and thank everybody for your interest and your time today to hear what's going on at IDEX. As we said, it's a really interesting time, a lot of challenges out there. My closing comments would be for those IDEX associates that are on this call. Again, I really want to thank you. I know how hard this is in terms of the day-to-day challenges you have. I know you're doing the right things for the customers, for the business and for your colleagues and frankly, your communities as well. So thanks to everybody. And I wish you all safety and prosperity in the days and weeks ahead.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.+

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to IDEX Corporation's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, you may begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX second quarter 2021 financial highlights. Last night we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for three months ending June 30, 2021. The press release along with the presentation slides we use during today's webcast can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX's business and update on our growth investments and an overview of our order performance and outlook for our end market. Bill will then discuss our second quarter 2021 financial results and provide an update on our outlook for third quarter and full year 2021. Finally, Eric will conclude with updates on our sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion programs. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your question. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access to complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering Conference ID number 13712090. Or you may simply log on to our company's homepage for a webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Mike. Beginning with our overview on Slide 6. The past year and a half have been among the most dynamic and unpredictable ever experienced, but our IDEX team stepped up again in Q2 and delivered during an extremely challenging environment. Thank you to the IDEX employees around the world who are working so hard. Our Commercial performance is very strong as we record and record orders and backlog in the quarter. Order trends continue to improve sequentially in all three segments and materially above pre pandemic level. Our day rates are very strong and our OEM order patterns are robust. Only large industrial projects, many of them in FMT continue to lag a bit. We're beginning to see the move into planning funnels indicating support for continued phases of organic growth in the back half of 2021 and next year. Our number one operating challenge for the quarter was supply chain and logistics disruptions. IDEX is generally a short cycle business with quick lead times. We typically operate at the component level further down our customers' bill of materials. We're also now very vertically integrated. We depend on a tight network of supplier partners, often located close by our operating units to quick turn our solutions with a minimum of visibility. These reasons the challenging conditions of tight material supply and bottleneck logistics tend to lag other industrial companies. Our agile model does support a quick calibration to today's realities and it helps us exit quicker than many on the backside of a supply side constraint. Overall, we believe these disruptions have hit a plateau. We don't see things getting worse and the challenges will continue to be highly variable. At the same time, we don't anticipate these disruptions getting better soon, but most likely they will not subside until the end of this year or early next year. We anticipated rising inflation as the global economy recovered, and like many did not imagine the sharp rate of increase. This narrowed our spread between price capture in material costs, although we remain positive overall. Our team's leverage the systematic investments we made a few years ago in pricing management and aggressively deployed two, sometimes three pricing adjustments with precision. We are on track to expand our price cost spread to typical levels as we travel to the back half of the year. While we spent a lot of time talking about our business's ability to capture price, one area I don't want to miss is our continued focus on operational productivity. Our teams continue to drive margin improvement through 80:20 simplification, lean effort, and through sound CapEx deployment. Our robust project bundles continue to be another weapon to combat rising costs. One project that exactly exemplifies this spirit deserves mention as we discuss Q2. Our energy market, now starting to show some signs of recovery off the bottom are still lagging the overall group. Our teams are aggressively executing a facility rationalization project to consolidate our scale and focus our human resources in close working proximity. Ultimately, this is a long-term value driver for that group. But in the quarter, the project created headwinds for us as equipment was delayed, and inventory positions were less than ideal to support production transports. We expect the project to be back on track and completed by the end of the third quarter. Overall, I am confident in our path through these choppy recovery [ph] seats. We continue to apply relentless focus from outstanding teams to deliver solutions that matter from high quality businesses that are very well positioned within their application steps. Moving on to Slide 7. We deployed just over $575 million in the first half of the year with our acquisitions of ABEL Pumps, Airtech and a small investment in a digitalization technology startup within the Fire and Rescue space. We continue to build out processes and capabilities to explore additional strategic investments we want to make across IDEX. Our funnel for potential acquisitions stronger than it has been in the past. And we're more aggressive in pursuing opportunities that enhance our business solutions fit well with our style of competition and drive IDEX like returns. It's early days in our integration of ABEL and Airtech, but we're happy to see that each business is performing well with excellent growth prospects in the near and long term. While we've stepped up our M&A game, we're also investing in our existing businesses with a 45% increase in capital spending through the first half of the year. We're in the process of expanding IDEX facilities in China and India. We project significant ongoing growth opportunities across Asia. And these investments are critical to support our local-to-global approach as we move to the next level of competitive advantage. We're also focused on our digital strategy with our largest investments tied to our areas of higher integration and scale as we seek to drive higher impact for our customers. Lastly, as I mentioned previously, we're focused on operational productivity as market dynamics are changing, as well as investing in new technology to support growth. This is both the CapEx and OpEx side. Some of these investments are targeted at new applications in high growth areas, like components to enable new global broadband satellite networks, building batteries for electric vehicles, and providing key products to support the build out of incremental capacity in semiconductor manufacturing. These investments are combined with targeted spend in areas to support automation and efficiencies across the shop floor. This strategic approach to both inorganic and organic investment is already paying off and sets us up for ongoing success for years to come. Turning to our commercial results on Slide 8. As I mentioned, order strength continued in the second quarter, both compared to prior year and sequentially resulting in a backlog build of $65 million in the quarter as we look across our segments, all rebounded well from the pandemic and delivered strong organic order growth. Sequentially, Fluid and Metering Technologies and Fire and Safety Diversified Product saw increased orders compared to the first quarter. Our Health and Science Technologies segment also saw increased sequential orders if we exclude the impact of a COVID testing application debugging that occurred in Q2. Order intake across all segments was also above second quarter 2019 levels. FMT lags, HST and FSD, due to lower levels of investment in the oil and gas market, as well as its concentration in the industrial market, which saw a pre COVID pullback in the second half of 2019. These commercial results give us confidence in our ability to deliver double-digit growth in the second half of the year and continue to highlight the resilience of our businesses and the criticality of our solutions to customers. On Slide 9, we provide a deeper look into our primary end market. Our focus is shifting from recovery to growth as most of our businesses are now performing above pre pandemic level, even with pockets of concern around supply chain disruptions and COVID in certain geographies, we're optimistic about the outlook of our markets and our ability to execute within them. In our Fluid and Metering Technologies segment, industrial day rates were strong. Supply chain challenges remained, but overall, the market trajectory was at or above 2019 levels, with only large projects lagging as I mentioned earlier. Agriculture continued to drive strong growth driven by aging farm equipment and record crop prices. Our Water business was stable. We continue to monitor the impact of the Federal Infrastructure Package and U.S. municipal spending, energy and chemical markets continue to trail 2019 levels, primarily due to limited capital investment in the sector, as well as a longer project close cycle. One item to highlight for FMT is the impact of our FMD acquisition last year. It's now in our organic figures and with its backlog burn last year and significant pullback in customer's capital investments, it impacted FMT's organic sales by 11%. In other words, FMT's organic sales for the quarter would have been 19% instead of 8%. Moving to the Health and Science Technologies segment, we're seeing recovery activity growth across all our end markets. [Indiscernible] continue to perform well driven by strong market demand and winning share into our targeted growth initiatives. The overall automotive market continued to face supply chain driven challenges, but we outperform the market due to our product concentration and higher end European vehicles. Our AI and Life Science market continue to perform well as the pandemic impact ease and investments have increased. The industrial business within the segment saw a similar result to FMT. Finally, in our Fire and Safety Diversified Products segment, dispensing rebounded as large retailers freed up capital and work through pent up demand for equipment. Abandoned business was adversely affected by U.S. automotive production pullbacks due to microprocessor shortages in the second quarter. However, we continue to achieve new platform wins and believe we're well positioned to outperform the market as supply chain constraints ease. In Fire and Rescue, we have yet to see larger tenders come back and emerging markets remained slow. We continue to closely monitor market conditions and expect some choppiness in the second half of the year. That said, we're confident in the future trajectory of our end markets as well as our ability to execute on our strong backlog, and have raised our organic growth expectation for the year. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Eric. I will start with our consolidated financial results on Slide 11. Q2 orders of $751 million were up 44% overall, and 39% organically, as we build $65 million of backlog in the quarter. Organic orders grew sequentially and year-over-year in each of our segments, as highlighted by Eric on the prior slide. Second quarter sales of $686 million were up 22% overall, and 17% organically. While we experienced a strong rebound from the pandemic across our portfolio, we were impacted by supply chain constraints and our energy side consolidation which tempered our results. The FMT pressure in Fluid and Metering Eric discussed also had an impact on overall organic sales. Excluding FMT, organic sales would have been up 22%. Q2 gross margin expanded by 280 basis points to 44.6%. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by increased volume and price capture, partly offset by inflation and supply chain impacts. Excluding the impact of $1.8 million pretax fair value inventory step up charges related to the ABEL acquisition adjusted gross margin was 44.9% and was approximately flat sequentially. Second quarter operating margin was 23.1% up 340 basis points compared to prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 24.4% up 330 basis points compared to prior year, largely driven by gross margin expansion and fixed costs leverage offset by a rebound in discretionary spending and investment. I will discuss the drivers of operating income in more detail on the next slide. Our Q2 effective tax rate was 21.3%, which was lower than the prior year ETR of 22.7% due to benefits from foreign sourced income in the second quarter of 2021. This benefit also drove favorability to our guided rate for the quarter. Q2 adjusted net income was $123 million resulting in adjusted EPS of $1.61 up $0.51 or 46% over prior year adjusted ETR. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $120 million down 25% compared to prior year and was 98% of adjusted net income. This result was impacted by a volume driven working capital build higher CapEx and timing of tax payment partially offset by higher earnings. Our working capital efficiency metrics remain strong and the teams continue to do a good job managing the significant volume changes year-over-year. Moving on to Slide 12, which details the drivers of our adjusted operating income. Adjusted operating income increased $49 million for the quarter compared to prior year. Our 17% organic growth contributed approximately $41 million flowing through at our prior year gross margin rate. We maintained positive price material cost within the quarter and leveraged well on the volume increase. Our high contribution margins helped mitigate the profit headwinds we experienced from the supply chain disruptions. In the second quarter of 2020, discretionary spending and investment were minimal, driven by a strict cost control environment during the pandemic. As we returned to a spend level in line with our growth and continued strategic investments, we see year-over-year pressure of about $11 million in line with the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year. Even with the incremental spend, supply chain and operational issues that tempered our performance, we still achieved a robust 45% organic flow through. Flow throughs then negatively impacted by the dilutive impact of acquisitions and FX getting us to our reported flow through of 39%. As we highlighted, we expect to reinvest aggressively in the business to drive both organic and inorganic opportunities. We expect that our level of discretionary spending, as well as associated costs from growth initiatives will similarly reduce organic flow through in subsequent quarters. With that, I would like to provide an update on our outlook for the third quarter and full year. Moving on to Slide 13. For the third quarter, we're projecting EPS to range from $1.57 to $1.61. We expect organic revenue growth of 14% to 16% and operating margins of approximately 24.5%. The third quarter effective tax rate is expected to be 23%. And we expect a 1% top line benefit from the impact of FX. And corporate costs in the third quarter are expected to be around $21 million. Turning to the full year. We are increasing our full year EPS guidance from our previous range of $6.05 to $6.20 up to $6.26 to $6.36. This range includes Airtech, which will contribute $0.06 in the second half of 2021, roughly $0.03 a quarter. We are also increasing our full year organic revenue growth from 9% to 10% up to 11% to 12%. We expect operating margins of approximately 24.5%. We expect FX to provide a 2% benefit to top line results. The full year effective tax rate is expected to be around 23%. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be around $65 million, an increase of around $10 million versus our last call as we increase our investments in growth opportunities. Free cash flow is expected to be 110% to 115% of net income lower versus our last guide primarily due to the additional capital spending and higher working capital support our increased volume. And corporate costs are expected to be approximately $77 million for the year. Finally, our earnings guidance excludes any costs, earnings associated with future acquisitions or restructuring charges. With that, I'll throw back to Eric for some final thoughts.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Bill. I'm on the final slide, Slide 14. Before we open the call up to questions, I'd like to share an update on our [ph] ESD journey and the evolution of our company culture. I pledged earlier this year that we would hire a new Chief Diversity Equity and Inclusion Officer. I'm pleased to announce that I now have Troy McIntosh on my senior leadership team. He joined us just last week from U.S. Cellular, the fourth largest cellular communications carrier in the United States, where he led significant improvements in their culture and levels of diversity in the workforce. At IDEX, Troy will help build the global roadmap and success measures for DE&I. He will help embed DE&I deeper in our culture and build inclusive leadership competence and capabilities in all our people through training, education and coaching. He will help us make sure our systems mitigate bias and create opportunities for everyone, no matter their background to reach their full potential at IDEX. I look forward to great things happening with his leadership. I'd also like to share a nice step we're taking to improve our energy efficiency. Work recently began on a solar array on the roof of our LUKAS manufacturing facility in Germany. Once completed next month, this collection of solar panels will be about one-third the size of the European soccer field and provide 30% of the electricity needs for the facility. Not only will it help reduce our carbon footprint there, we estimate it will save the business more than €67,000 in just the first year alone. We anticipate this project will serve as a pilot leading the way for other solar installations on IDEX facilities around the world. Lastly, I want to share the catastrophic flooding the devastated portions of Western Europe earlier this month has impacted many IDEX employees. About a quarter of the employees that are German Fire and Safety business Vetter have either had their home severely damaged or destroyed. All of our employees are safe living with friends and family as recovery efforts are ongoing and operation continued at our Vetter facility, which is not directly impacted by the flood. Amid all this destruction and loss, once again we saw the spirit of IDEX come through. Colleagues from other IDEX businesses in Germany came to the area to assist with pumping equipment from our businesses. Our people work tirelessly to help draw water from flooded homes to the long road to recovery by then. The IDEX Foundation also gave 100,000 to the German Red Cross, which is thousands of people in the region assisting those impacted. While I shared this internally, I want to again express with our employees at Vetter that we stand by you through this terrible tragedy. And thank you to all the dedicated and selfless IDEX colleagues who dropped everything and volunteered during this time in need. Your outstanding examples what makes this company so special. With that, let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Morning Deane.
Bill Grogan: Hi, Deane.
Deane Dray: Already, maybe we can start with Eric early comment in the prepared remarks. And I know you touched so many end markets and within the diverse product line. But what are the indicators you're looking at that suggests that the supply chain disruptions have peaked to kind of your degree of confidence? And the reason I'm also asking is like we heard yesterday from GE and 3M. And neither of them sounded as confident that the worst had passed. But you're sounding a bit or noticeably more optimistic, Eric. So maybe we're going to start there thing. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Sure, Deane. I guess all of this is somewhat relative at this point. I mean, this - make no mistake, this is really, really tough right now. And so, staying at steady state of tough is what it is. I don't want to mischaracterize it there. For us, a couple of things to remember, we're a little less exposed to a lot of the electronics, microprocessor things that other businesses are. Our building material is generally a little bit more streamlined and simplified. So, we don't have as many aggregations or complex systems, we do a lot of great critical components. And we still, we have a lot of suppliers that are pretty close by that, honestly, we drive by on the way to work. That being said, still very difficult for us. The indicators we're looking at, things like lead time, what are the quarter's lead times and then what is the performance against them and like they have lengthened and extended, but they're generally kind of holding at this point. And the delivery rates against them, while not great are at least in our world, pretty stable at this point. So, I just want to emphasize the relative nature of the comments and say, for us, it's very, very tough environment, but we see it, the one we can now begin to plan around, given what we do.
Deane Dray: That's real helpful. And if we can stay, like more of a real time analysis here, if we could, commentary about your day rates would be helpful. And the mix still not seeing kind of larger projects yet, but maybe there's some front log discussions that you could share and any commentary about how July has started. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Sure. So, if we kind of go back to the end of 2020, we saw - most of the acceleration that we're seeing was in that restoration of industrial day rates in our businesses. And as we look at the second quarter and even into the first days in July, pretty stable at this point. I mean, it's kind of at a healthy clip, we'll see it move on in terms of price and some things that come up and it's not accelerating at the same rate. More is it in our world, decelerating, think of it as stable. And then there's two other components that we think a lot about for a ton of IDEX businesses. And they're in the project category, but they're different degrees in terms of size and scope. So, what we are seeing and what's contributing to growth, and I know will continue into Q3 and Q4, we would call lots of small projects. These are discrete things where people are optimizing the system. Instead of asking for one or two, it's something at 10 to 20. And they're running their factory or their production lines, but they're trying to optimize it, enhance throughput, get productivity, those are the kind of things you can do on the run. And so, we're seeing that those have been strong contributors. And we think they'll continue. Right past it, are the classic larger projects that we and others play with. A lot of them in kind of the chemical, oil and gas, infrastructure spaces. And there's just a general story there are still where those things are delayed. They were frozen in 2020. They were pushed out into 2021, not canceled. I will say what we're starting to hear now, and mainly from distributors that are a little closer to the frontlines are that those are now starting to turn into quote, activity, inspect transfer and the kind of things you start to see ahead of an order and a replenishment cycle on our side. When does that happen? Maybe there's some of it in the back half of the year. Certainly, at a minimum, we start talking about it more in planning, and I think it bodes well for the early part of 2022.
Deane Dray: Great. That was exactly the color we were looking for. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just an update in how you're thinking about the M&A environment, your pipeline and how you're thinking about actionability of that pipeline today. I know you've got a fair amount of capacity still sitting in front of you. And just curious how actionable you think that is in the short to medium term here?
Bill Grogan: Sure, sure. Well, I mean, I kind of do it upside down, maybe the availability side is really, really good. I mean, we could go through the specific numbers, but we got plenty of availability and firepower to spend. On the inside, we've been talking now for a couple of quarters about the intentionality of the resource bill. And the time and effort we're taking to consider all of the areas where we'd like to do more business, some of it through inorganic efforts, think of this as a series of concentric circles, radiating around places where we participate today and participate. And a few things, we're actually thinking of some zones where we're not part, not currently part of IDEX. That could be interesting to have IDEX like attribute. So, we've got the firepower, we're doing more work, and then the funnel of things that we're looking at is very active, aggressive. And I think in the end, actionable. Now, we still are going to take the same discipline that we've had to any of the things that we're looking at, it's got to meet certain requirements, got to fit into IDEX, got to leverage what we do best. But I'll tell you that we're looking at more things than we have before and probably more areas than we have previously with more people involved and lots of firepower to get the work done.
Mike Halloran: So, on that point there more areas and maybe you previously looked. I'm guessing it's not really a change in the strategy nor maybe just more iterative in broadening, maybe some high level thoughts on what that changes and areas that you might be thinking of loosely?
Bill Grogan: Yeah, I like this analogy, and I used it a second ago. I really think about it is radiating concentric circles. So, there's an anchor position generally in work that we're doing today, whether it's in the fluidic space, some of the stuff in life sciences. But I think we're willing to extend outward a little bit in terms of what's the solution that we will bring to our customer set. And so, that's maybe the area of difference or slight tweaks to the model. We've always, I mean, we've mentioned an open aperture for at least a couple of years now, at least, an open mind to some things that might be very interesting as we long considered for IDEX. I don't know that that's different. That's always been on the page. But these have been the two areas that there's a separate resource base thinking about little further out from what we've done before, but still anchored to how we do it. And a couple of zones that have always been interesting to us, because they have IDEX like attribute.
Mike Halloran: Makes sense. And it's probably a question with Deane, he talked about some of these businesses feeling better about those as they track towards '22. Maybe just high level, how are you thinking broadly about all the puts and takes you're seeing in the portfolio now, and what that means once you hit a more normalized run rate, orders, record levels? You're seeing some normalization margin, or at least with the pressures from a price cost perspective can look like as you move through the year. The timing of some of these later cycle things starts getting a little bit better as you move through this year, maybe late and early next year, you can start seeing a little bit more CapEx. Just how does that all kind of come together when you're thinking about that one-to-two-year outlook from your seat? And what do you think the constraints are on top of that?
Bill Grogan: Yeah, sure. So, I think it's a great question. And I like the way you phrased it. If you start from the highest level and think about the next couple of years, I think you start with a very positive perspective. You recognize that, like we're now coming through a pretty acute recovery cycle that isn't completely played out. Then there's a replenishment cycle that not only I think is reflective of the time that we sort of were all locked away. But I think even ahead of that, there was a decent amount of industrial capacity that needs to be put back into the system. The real question, I think, as we go is, if you think of this as a series of graph lines with very sharp peaks and troughs, and this is super dynamic, in terms of the elements we're dealing with today, is they smooth out and look a little bit more like the Appalachians. I think that that becomes a little bit more of a standard operating environment with positive momentum. And so, many of the dynamics that we're talking about now in terms of when they come back or when they reoccurred, I think they would be in place and they would be things that we'd be typically used for looking at. And it would feel a little bit normalized, in terms of the way that we would operate with favorable winds that are backed in all of the places that we play. So, I think we view it that way, we're planning for it that way. But it's a positive outlook and positive framework, you just sort of have to navigate some of the puts and takes and there's a lot of dynamic variables here, none of which I think really get in the way of that positive outlook.
Eric Ashleman: And I think the economics associated with that growth would very much look like our traditional profile will leverage extremely well some of the facility consolidations that we're executing on this year will be foundational, some of that margin improvement. And then two, just as we've proven here, as we progress through the year, the team's ability to go out and capture incremental price to deal with some of the supply chain issues and rising inflation, there'll be bedrock as we go forward if that inflationary environment continues on for a couple more quarters.
Mike Halloran: Appreciate gentlemen, thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning. I just wanted to turn to the incremental. I know, Bill you had mentioned from a corporate perspective that discretionary and reinvestment, we're going to step up a bit here, which makes sense. But are there any notable changes as we kind of think across the segments? I know each segment has its own specific challenges that might be altered sort of in the near term, as we think about the back half?
Bill Grogan: No. I mean outside of FMT, and there's two things I think we highlighted within the quarter one, some of the challenges we had with our facility consolidation and energy, and then just the year-over-year comp for FMT and the pressure that's putting on FMTs margin, last year they were at record backlog levels and at some really large projects so the second and third quarter that'll weigh more on FMT's margins year-over-year. But outside of that, the other two segments should perform pretty consistently with how they've done in the first half of the year.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then just want to just confirm again the price cost spreads. You said it was a little bit compressed near term, which makes sense. Do we assume that we exit '21 with I would say what is a more normalized spread for you guys there?
Bill Grogan: Yeah exactly.
Eric Ashleman: Yep.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Allison.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Morning everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I want to just follow up on flow MD, obviously had a pretty big impact in the quarter. Can you maybe just give us a little bit more color on recent order trends, recent backlog trends there, when you think that will switch from being a drag to being a tailwind as that business returns to some growth?
Eric Ashleman: Sure, I mean, that's, it's like, it's a tough story for that business. They had - they were burning backlog nicely, sort of right at the point of acquisition. Then, of course, COVID came along and devastated a lot of the core markets there. And it's a little bit more project intensive than the average IDEX business, just by the nature of what they do. These are large units that are going out there and custody transfer in large pipeline projects, and things like that. So, and then if you think of that environment, I mean, there's been a couple of very public shocks in that particular area as well. We're just, right now this spend is very intentional towards some other things, simple maintenance, and those kinds of items. So, I think it's going to be a little while before that breaks. That said, the international markets are a little different than what we're seeing here in North America, they're generally more favorable. That business has been pointed towards those strategically, long before we bought them. And we continue that way. So, we think that that's a nice extension for it. But I think as we saw, even with the events that happened here a little bit recently, it didn't take too many days for things to be offline before our economy felt it. And this business makes them incredibly great and nice pieces of technology that are very useful in that continuum. So, we like it for the long term and what it does. We think the prospects long term are positive in nature. But I think it's going to take a while for the spend here because of the nature of it, and where it's happening to break free.
Nathan Jones: So, on a sequential basis, that we at least kind of hit the bottom or is there still more down here in your opinion?
Eric Ashleman: No, I think the bottom is a fair characterization.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And then I just want to follow up on the digital investment that you made in Fire and Rescue. Any color you can give us around what that is? What the future digital investments look like for IDEX and how you expect that to impact a variety of your businesses?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, so I mean, like it's really small, but from time to time, I think that's the nature with some of these things will be. I will tell you to the extent, some of the things we've been working on anyway. I'm talking about I think, for a while now, we've talked about some great work that we're doing to automate how that job happened. So, replacing a sea of levers, engages employees with a touchscreen, and we've got some outstanding products that we sell to automate that. Now, this small extension allows you to take some of that data off the truck, essentially, make it more affordable and available to be used in other areas for firefighters. So, I think it's a good example of the kind of things we'll probably see from time to time from IDEX, where there are some jobs that we're doing, and there's a way to enhance it and make it a lot more valuable. And sometimes it actually comes in very small, little transactions like this one. And so, it's an indicator of things to come and levers nice scale that we have in Fire and Rescue and a lot of things we've been working on for a number of years.
Nathan Jones: Is this kind of technology transferable to other parts of the portfolio? Or is this really great kind of thing?
Eric Ashleman: It could be. We select it for that reason. You know, you never say never. There's things here that you can imagine what happened in other places, we'd be careful given the small size of it. And just kind of an 80:20 organization anyway, so focus on the job we need to do at hand. But I wouldn't rule it out entirely.
Nathan Jones: Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Rosenblatt Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Hey, good morning, Eric, Bill, Mike.
Eric Ashleman: Good morning Scott.
Scott Graham: A couple questions maybe around price cost. I know, I've heard all the commentary, would you be able to tell us what price cost actually was in the quarter? What that gap was?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, I mean, we said our historical price cost spread is somewhere around 20 - or excuse me 30 to 40 basis points. And we compressed a little bit under 20 within the quarter. And again, the pricing actions that we've taken, we look to be back at that normal level here as we progress through the back half of the year.
Scott Graham: Got it, thank you. Now, the other thing I was going to ask you it is certainly around the projects, because some of these things can - or obviously can be very lucrative to you, because they are - the customer chooses you to do something exquisite so, swirl of pricing power in there. I was just wondering, kind of like, do you think that based on what you're seeing out there, some of this quoting activity that you're hearing about through distribution, is this a conversion into the, let's say, the early part of next year? You guys have a lot of experience on this stuff. So, when can this sort of funky cycle that we're in, - when would you normally start to see that? Is that early next year, you'll potential?
Eric Ashleman: I mean, it's like it varies to some degree, but I would say the median of that distribution was, if you're talking about it now as a distributor level, there's things that we would have to do to be involved in terms of specifications and then their standard lead times. We're usually not the longest one anyways. It's easy other parts that would go into a project. So, if I just say, where's the medium zone, it's probably the beginning of 2022, where a lot of it would actually be put in place, things of that nature. So yeah, but some could be sooner. Some could be later. It again, depends. This is a wide spectrum, given the nature of IDEX, but probably the sweet spot would say, you talk about it now through the back half. You plan it, maybe get it booked. And you'll see some of it run out into the beginning part of next year.
Scott Graham: Got it. Got it. And last question same for you, Eric. So, you talked to around why the organic was maybe a little bit below the guide. Is essentially, what you're saying here is that those delays move from 2Q to 3Q, which is maybe why 3Q is sort of like an outsized organic?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, it's like anything that was constrained on our side of courses, people still want it, it's going to move into the next place looking forward. What we're ultimately thinking about, not just us, but everybody is how you go to that next level of output and throughput and capacity? And of course, as you know, we're kind of low on the food chain in a lot of places, so it's only as good as everybody being able to make a move up at this point. So, I think right now, where we are, as a lot of things just kind of stabilize around this reality. Everybody's working on it, us included. We're coming up in the fall, maybe labor availability for people that are more labor intensive, that gets better. I think that's the kind of ramp that you would start to see. It's less a complex math problem and more just ultimately, people working like crazy to figure out a way to get to a place where you can process more of a backlog that many of us have.
Scott Graham: Understood. And I promise this is my last question. This is the time of the year where your predecessor started to talk about a sort of a construct around 2022 sales. That was kind of what my earlier question was starting to get to. Anything you could offer on 2022 at this point, Eric?
Eric Ashleman: I would not want to do that. Maybe this would normally be the time. But I mean, there's a lot of variables still out there, including one we haven't talked about yet here today, which was the nature of our virus go and things of that sort. So, I just, it would be too speculative and wouldn't really, I think, imply a lot. I think what we generally feel, as I said before, that we think that the strong ones that are back are going to continue. We know that we and others are working to elevate capacity and throughput, which is going to be beneficial to all of us. And there's just a function out there that eventually variables have a tendency to move over time, and they become expectation. And we see all of those things leading up for more positive data.
Scott Graham: Thanks a lot.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line up Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. A couple questions. The pricing has come up a couple times here in the Q&A and I was just wondering, Bill, if you could provide an absolute term what your price realization was through the first six months of the year? And how much incremental price capture you're looking forward to get back into that 30:40 basis point spread you typically aim to be in?
Bill Grogan: No, I mean, yeah, we were opposed to a little over points in the first half, we're going to accelerate from that in the back half would be kind of the framework I gave you.
Matt Summerville: And then, given your answer to an earlier question Eric, a steady state of tough or bad or whatever sort of word you use I'm talking about supply chain. Is that resulting I would imagine in similar anxiety among your customer base with you being a supplier to them? In that sense, do you get the sense that they're pulling forward demand, they're over ordering? Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of sell in and sell through into your distribution channel splits?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, so I would say like, we've had this question now for a couple of quarters, and generally, as you know we do a lot of customized products, a lot of things that are very, very hyper specific, don't have a lot of like just, high volume stocking orders and things like are part. So, we're not a great company to stock a lot of material. That being said, I probably would point to you, this quarter is a higher number of that. We're just because of I mean, our only times are expanding, and that's an unusual occurrence. We're aggressively doing some things on price, us and everybody else. So, there's I don't think it's a giant number for this, it's just kind of campaign. But it's in there more than we've seen before in terms of people trying to get a place in line or potentially say, hey, can I - I'll take a risk here. So, I can avoid part of the price increase, but it's going to since this is a pointer to the company, it's not a giant part only applies into. Distribution, or you go to a lot of our distributors, you're not going to see a lot of products on the shelf, mainly because of just the model, it's often needs to be customized at the last minute is done in this regard. We have quickly times anyway, that doesn't add a lot of value to sit on a shelf somewhere and make that gap. So, I guess long story short. We have probably a higher incidence of this than we typically do, but because of the nature of IDEX facility, really, really low number for us.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: I was listening the comments you made in the prepared remarks on CapEx, spending opportunities, advanced manufacturing, and I wondered if you could expand on really in whatever direction you like. But I was curious about ROI versus inorganic investment right now, maybe specific margin improvement on projects that you're doing related to that. Maybe how far down the road you are going for a long time, or if there's a real shift here, and what it could mean for margin central over time, just love to hear more about it.
Eric Ashleman: Alright, so like, we don't have a lot of CapEx intensity at IDEX anyway, but it is a ramp up from where we've typically been. A lot of it is attributed to the story around emerging markets grew up. So we're taking very deliberate actions in both our areas of concentration in China and India to make long term infrastructure depth over there to support a really, really, really good local for local capabilities that that we have. So, there's the big driver there that of course doesn't reoccur all that often. Outside of that, it's a next level down in the category of doing it more than we used to, would be things like factory floor automation. The technology is available, is pretty phenomenal today, and the cost points have come down to the point where even in our world, it makes sense from time to time to put a robot where somebody was standing for. Particularly, when we've got some labor availability issues, and a lot of its high technology base. So, those are projects that I think there's a graphic on the slide deck that I used, it's something that we're actually using in that area. That's, it's a great lever of operational productivity. It doesn't necessarily inflect the curve too tremendously. But it really helps us from a business perspective, concentrate our efforts on very talented people, and putting them in the areas where we're growing the company, and drawing from within as opposed to having to go out on the outside. So, anything…
Bill Grogan: And I would say that the returns on those investments are highest return investments we can make. I mean, generally 2X or 3X what we do on the inorganic side, because the return profile, the market impact, these are kind of 12, 18 months return profiles for things on both the productivity and the growth side.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Giordano with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys. This is Francesco on for Joe. Could you talk a little bit about just give us some detail on what you're seeing on municipal budgets and any sort of expectations there around the infrastructure bill as well?
Eric Ashleman: Sure. Well, I mean, there's always an interesting dynamic there. I mean, I would say, number one, the financial positions of most municipalities, certainly here in the United States are probably thought to be better than they were, let's say a year ago. There's a lot of the stimulus money and things like that comes in and tax receipts generally been higher. So, I think just overall financial condition is good. Requested on the infrastructure spend thing is interesting. I mean, there's always a question of how long did you go from a concept to an actual project-based reality and how long that takes? Ultimately, there's different parts of IDEX where that would actually help us in a good way. I'd point to our Water business is one of them. There's a lot of talk in that bill about water infrastructure and the criticality there. I mean, one of our businesses does an awful lot of great work on sort of flow monitoring studies, which ultimately support CapEx projects, like you have to do one to then determine what it is you're going to buy in terms of CapEx. So, I think we're well positioned there. And there's some other pockets as well. But like always, it probably will take longer to play out and run through the system than we might imagine. But I would put it in the category just like in, they're seeing I think, for receipts in economics that is positive and certainly in a position that's better than I might have imagined it would be as we went into a pandemic.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, that's very helpful. And if you could maybe talk a little bit about your expectations for Fire and Rescue. I know you guys have it down for the market outlook, but maybe a little bit more longer term, what drives the recovery there?
Eric Ashleman: Sure, I mean, our Fire and Rescue business is I mean, they're phenomenal businesses. We've added to them over the years, we've got a nice, scalable concentration, and it's one of our most geographically dispersed businesses. You start with the premise that we've got incredible assets in that space. We've always said it was kind of a mature steady market for us as a backdrop overall. A couple of things going on there that at least in the near term, probably put it into the to the red zone most for us. One is that industry is even before the pandemic was struggling with output execution around chassis and trucks and things, and a couple of different geographies. Obviously, what's going on now is making that better. And so, just backlogs on fire trucks continues to be as long as it was a year ago, if not longer. So yeah, a little bit of a moderation effect there. And then in the emerging markets side, specifically China. And we've definitely seen - we've seen a couple of ways now of push for localization versus in our case, we actually do a fair amount of imported products into that zone to complement our local brand there as well. And I don't think long term that hasn't necessarily impacted us, but it doesn't impact it from a timing perspective, tends to keep tenders captive until we sort of see how it runs out. And so, that's maybe the new element on top of the existing element in it, and basically, it's pretty steady market anyways. I always encourage people when they think about it, this is where like, what we're doing in terms of our application sets on a critical job matters. So, like the discussion we had earlier about automation and the things that we're doing to change the nature of the job is the exciting element with great well positioned global assets. On a, you can still think of it as a mission critical job, very steady state, generally is going to be something that supported them long term with funding and things. But it does go through certain ebbs and flows. And right now, it's on one of the more red not green zones. But we think long term is going to be fine.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks a lot.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Blair with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Blair: Nice. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi Bryan.
Bryan Blair: I wanted to quickly follow up on Nathan's question regarding your digital investment in Fire and Rescue. Any color you can provide on how we should think about that technology an extension of Sam capabilities?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I think without spending too much time on lots of details here, you can think of it what the SAM unit and for the others on a call, this is essentially the brand name of the trade name for the automation that we do within a mobile application. You know that, that brings together a lot of important data points, some of which are related to our hardware, some are related to others that are in that mobile platform. And you can think of it in the simplest way as this technology allows us to come off the truck, it's a way to make that happen to make it more mobile and less truck based.
Bryan Blair: Okay, sounds like a very natural extension. And you offered, understandably nuance answer with regard to actionability of the M&A pipeline. In simple terms, can you share the size of this funnel relative to pre pandemic levels?
Eric Ashleman: Certainly, in terms of ours, if we just listed up the things that are on there and added up potential transaction prices, it's larger. It's larger, I think, largely because of the work that we're putting in as we consider things and where we could go and how we could resource if the people internal in the company and consider the firepower that we had to deploy? So, yeah, I think it's safe to say there's a larger funnel by potential transaction size.
Bryan Blair: Appreciate the color. Thanks, again.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Okay, well, I'd like to thank you all for joining and spending some time with us here today. As we said in the prepared remarks in the beginning, I mean, really, really dynamic time with a lot of variables kind of swirling around. What we talked about in our businesses, we get all of that, and we deal with that on a day-to-day basis. But at the end, we ask people to take a deep breath, kind of come back and recognize that when a world kind of goes through, it's going through. It has a lot of problems that need to be solved and the IDEX Technologies that we have and the people that we have that drive them, they made up well with these kinds of demands. So, we've got well positioned businesses. We got incredible teams and talent. We're really, really focused, we're now to a phase of 80:20, where it's very, very intuitive. And we're putting that to work and what's no doubt the dynamic and variable environment. At the end, I think the trade winds here are very favorable. We believe very strongly in our near term and our medium term and ultimately, the long term prospects of the company. But recognize we kind of have to live moment to moment as we're going through this with an eye on the horizon. And I assure you, that's the one that we're thinking about the most. Thanks again for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, you may begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX first quarter 2021 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the 3 months ending March 31, 2021. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast, can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of our business and update on our M&A activity and an overview of our order performance and outlook for our end market. Bill will then discuss our first quarter 2021 financial results and provide an update on our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2021. Finally, Eric will conclude with an update on our sustainability, diversity, equity and inclusion programs. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, a brief reminder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Ashleman.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Mike. Once again, our teams across the IDEX should be extremely proud of the results we’ve achieved together. I don’t think any of us would have imagined being at this point when viewing the state of the world a year ago. Our diverse array of high-performing businesses continues to serve as well. We’re seeing most of our end markets either largely recovered or steadily improving at this point. We continue to build on the momentum we experienced in the fourth quarter and expect 2021 to be stronger than our expectations 90 days ago. Although, tremendous progress has been made in our recovery, there are still some areas we’re keeping a close eye on. Our day rates have accelerated, but we have yet to see larger projects in our industrial sector moving forward. Customers are more confident in their outlook, but are now trying to balance the surge in demand with capacity to make larger investments. As for COVID the conditions vary widely around the world. In the UK and the United States, the vaccination rate has been remarkable of late. In China, much of life has been continuing as normal for many months now. The situation in Europe and India, where lockdowns and virus variants are still a serious issue, reminds us that we are not fully past the societal and economic impact that the pandemic has had on our businesses. The quarter was not without challenges from safety protocols and lockdowns to sporadic shortages of parts and materials to rapidly changing logistics hurdles and a variety of staffing challenges. This was far from smooth sailing. Recognizing all of that, I want to thank every IDEX employee on this call for their efforts in the past quarter. I’m proud that our team successfully navigated many tough hurdles to achieve these results. The operational excellence of our teams continues to pay off. Pivoting a moment to capital deployment. With the closure of the ABEL Pumps transaction this quarter and the announcement of the Airtech acquisition last night covered in more detail in a moment, we have started off 2021 on a strong note. And we’ll build on this momentum as we further invest in M&A capabilities. We recently allocated some of our most talented resources towards focused strategy and business development roles. And we engaged external expertise to expand our ability to identify, assess, win and successfully integrate new companies into IDEX. Our deal funnel is expanding as we look for more opportunities to acquire organizations that fit the IDEX style of competition. We think they both widen and deepen the moats around our best businesses, as well as established positions within new market niches with the capabilities of our teams will drive the most value for customers and shareholders. We are fortunate to have significant financial resources to deploy towards these efforts. Moving on to Slide 7. Yesterday, we announced our intent to acquire Airtech Vacuum group from EagleTree Capital for $470 million. Airtech engineers and manufactures high performance regenerative blowers, pneumatic valves, air compressors and vacuum pumps. Airtech had revenue of $85 million with EBITDA margin in the mid 30s range in 2020. It is a 16x trailing deal and a 15x deal including acquired tax benefits. Within the IDEX family of businesses, they compliment and expand upon the solutions provided by gas manufacturing, which produces fractional horsepower air moving products and systems that include air compressors, vacuum pumps, air motors and tank systems. While there is some overlaps in the solutions they provide, much of their techs product lines will be complimentary. They will remain separate businesses within IDEX, but we anticipate collaboration and synergies from each company with shared expertise leading to further innovation. This deal, which we expect to close in the second quarter will then create a $200 million pneumatics platform within our Health and Science Technology segment. Turning to our commercial results on Slide 8. The positive momentum in order trends continued in the first quarter, both compared to prior year and sequentially allowing us to build $59 million of backlog in the quarter. Most of our business units are at or approaching pre-pandemic levels. I’ll go into more details in a minute. Organic orders in the quarter exceeded the first quarter of 2020 and were an all time high for us. Q1 orders were also up 4% organically versus Q1 of 2019. As we look across our segments, health and science technologies and fire and safety diversified products delivered strong organic order growth with fluid and metering technology slightly lagging. As growth rates in HST and FSDP began to naturally level off we expect FMT will drive additional growth through the return of project-based businesses in the energy and industrial markets in the second half of the year. These commercial results and the strength of our rebound highlight the resilience of our businesses and the critical importance of the solutions we provide to our customers. On Slide 9, we provide a deeper outlook for our primary end markets. To level set, we entered the year cautiously bullish about the state of our underlying markets and the velocity of the pandemic recovery. Our day rate businesses began to accelerate coming into the year and we continued to leverage our diversified portfolio to aggressively pursue opportunities to drive organic growth coming out of the pandemic. We are now measuring our markets against their pre-pandemic levels. Many of our markets have fully recovered and the majority of our markets are on track to have fully recovered by the end of the year. As I mentioned earlier, we’re not out of the woods yet, but even with pockets of concern around supply chain disruptions and COVID in certain geographies, we are optimistic about the outlook of our end markets. In our Fluid and Metering Technology segment, industrial day rates continue to increase throughout the quarter. As I’ve mentioned, we will not be at full recovery until we see large CapEx projects resume, but the underlying industrial markets are in a state of recovery trending back towards 2019 levels. Agriculture continues to drive outsized growth as crop prices and customer sentiment remains strong. Our Water business is stable. We continue to assess any subsequent impact from the pandemic, municipal funding as well as tailwinds that might come out of an infrastructure bill. Energy markets continue to lag 2019 levels primarily due to limited capital investment in this sector. Moving to the Health and Science Technologies segment, we experienced solid growth across almost all of our markets. Semicon and food and pharma continued to outperform, driven by a strong market and winning share with our differentiated technology offerings. The overall automotive market faces many challenges, but we have won several new platforms driving our performance. Our AI and life science markets are on the rebound, as the impact of the pandemic of the United States has improved. The industrial businesses within the segment are seeing a similar result to FMT. Day rates are improving but projects are lacking. One last item for HST, we do see risk with the COVID opportunities we have been talking about in this segment specifically around testing. The end product application is yet to receive FDA approval, which will impact volumes for this year. We do believe that the strength in the rest of the segment will be able to offset most of that risk. Finally, in our Fire & Safety/Diversified Products segment dispensing continues its rebound as large retailers free up capital and work through pent-up demand for equipment. Much like our automotive exposures in HST, the auto recovery in FSD at BAND-IT is driven by new platform wins coupled with an improved market. In Fire & Rescue, we continue to assess municipal budget headwinds, especially in Europe and India, as budgets have not been released delaying tenders. The U.S. market has been better, and we are optimistic about the impact of our businesses from increased infrastructure spending. The other lagging category in FSD is primarily BAND-IT’s energy and aerospace exposure, along with some industrial applications in Fire & Rescue. We continue to closely monitor market conditions and are focused on ensuring the stability of our supply chain, as persistence in global supply chain issues threatened to create choppiness in the back half of the year. Despite these factors, we are confident enough in our outlook to raise our organic growth expectations for the year. With that, I would like to turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results for the quarter and full year.
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Eric. I’ll start with our consolidated financial results on Slide 11. Q1 orders of $711 million were up 10% overall and up 6% organically, as we built $59 million of backlog in the quarter. Organic orders grew sequentially and year-over-year in each of our segments as highlighted by Eric on the prior slide. First quarter sales of $652 million were up 10% overall and 6% organically. We experienced growth across all our segments with over 75% of our business units increasing year-over-year. Strength in Semicon, food and pharma and dispensing were the notable highlights in the quarter. Q1 gross margin contracted 80 basis points to 44.9%, but it was up 110 basis points sequentially. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by the dilutive impact of acquisitions, inventory step-up associated with ABEL, mix and one-time inventory reserves. The inventory reserves were associated with our pandemic related electrostatic sprayer businesses now materializing at the rate we expected. Excluding acquisitions in the inventory reserves, gross margin would have been flat to prior year. First quarter operating margin was 23.9%, up 40 basis points compared to prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 24.3%, up 80 basis points compared to last year, driven by the increased volume and the impact of cost actions taken last year offset by the gross margin pressure I just mentioned. I will discuss the drivers of operating income in more detail on the following slide. Our Q1 effective tax rate was 22.6%, which was higher than the prior year ETR of 20%, due to a decrease in the excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. This drove a $0.05 headwind on EPS for the quarter. First quarter adjusted net income was $115 million resulting in adjusted EPS of $1.51, up $0.18 or 14% over prior year. Excluding the $0.05 tax headwind, adjusted EPS would have been up $0.23 or 17%. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $95 million, up 32% compared to prior year and was 82% of adjusted net income. The strong performance was driven by higher earnings and the continued impact of our working capital initiatives. Moving on to Slide 12, as Eric mentioned, we entered the quarter cautiously optimistic about the pace of growth coming into 2021. We knew that we were structurally well positioned to take advantage of the improving market conditions from the cost actions and discretionary controls, we put in place last year. Adjusted operating income increased $18 million for the quarter compared to prior year. Our 6% organic growth contributed approximately $13 million flowing through at our prior year gross margin rate. The impact of previous discretionary cost controls contributed $5 million and we were able to net $4 million from price, productivity, partially offset by inflation. After accounting for $2 million of negative mix, our organic flow-through is extremely strong at 58%. Flow-through was then negatively impacted by the $3 million charge related to the inventory reserve, I discussed on the last slide and the dilutive impact of acquisitions and FX, getting to a reported flow-through of 32%. As we highlighted in prior calls, we expect to reinvest aggressively in the business to drive both organic and inorganic opportunities. We’ve already started those investments and expect the associated costs when these initiatives will reduce our organic flow-through in subsequent quarters. With that, I would like to provide an update on our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2021. I’m on Slide 13. For the second quarter, we are projecting EPS to range from $1.60 to $1.63 with organic revenue growth of 18% to 20%, and operating margins of approximately 24.5%. The second quarter effective tax rate is expected to be about 23% and we expect a 2% top line benefit from the impact of FX. Corporate costs in the second quarter expected to be around $21 million with the increase, primarily driven by the M&A investments we discussed earlier. Turning to the full year outlook, we are increasing our full-year EPS guidance from $5.65 to $5.95, up to $6.05 to $6.20. We are also increasing our full year organic revenue growth from 6% to 8% up to 9% to 10%. We expect operating margins of approximately 24.5%. We expect FX to provide a 1% benefit to top line results. Our full year effective tax rate is expected to be around 23%. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be around $55 million. Free cash flow is now expected to be 115% to 120% of net income and corporate costs are expected to be approximately $74 million for the full year. Finally, our earnings guidance excludes any costs or earnings associated with future acquisitions or restructuring charges. ABEL Pumps is now included in these estimates with the deal closed in the first quarter. Airtech is not included in these estimates. We will update our guidance accordingly once a deal closes. With that, I’ll throw it back to Eric for some final thoughts.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Bill. I’m on the final slide, Slide 14. Before we open the call for questions, I’d like to share an update on our ESG journey and the evolution of our company culture. We recently published our second corporate social responsibility report. This report is our first to adopt the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board sector standards also known SASB. We have increased our disclosures in key areas, including health and safety, diversity, and environmental impact. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Denise Cade, our General Counsel and her cross-functional team for their outstanding efforts to bring our hard work and commitments to light. Diversity equity inclusion continues to be a point of emphasis in our evolving company culture. Since we last met, an outside facilitator conducted anonymous focus groups with employees from around the world, from which we learned and we’re able to begin developing more targeted goals for the company. We are currently planning training sessions for all leaders to help them understand and become comfortable, fostering dialogue on these important issues. We are addressing our talent management processes, including our assessment of existing talent and our consideration of new talent through recruiting to help ensure our processes are free from unconscious bias. And we are assessing our purchasing practice to expand our use of diverse suppliers. IDEX is a decentralized company with a diverse collection of businesses. Our superior economic model depends upon problem solving and decision making at the point of impact, closest to our customers. Our collective work within this important areas outlined in this report is an essential component of our next phase of business growth. With that, let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Good morning, everyone. So let’s just talk about what’s embedded in guidance here, obviously, really strong first quarter. Second quarter guide seems where the uptick and guidance comes from between the first and the second quarter, maybe a little less movement in the back half of the year relative to prior expectations. So just kind of want to understand, what the trajectory you’re thinking about through the year is? How you’re viewing the recovery? How much of – what I just mentioned is true and what are some of the puts and takes you’re thinking about, because obviously, the tone that you’re striking is cautiously optimistic as you move in the back half of the year. And just want to make sure I have all those things balanced.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, thanks, Mike. I mean, look, it’s – I mean, it’s an interesting time, as I said, in the opening comments there. I mean, we’ve got this broad-based momentum, which we feel really good about. And it’s got these little chapters that lie over it, whether that’s shutdowns, coming out of Christmas, terrible weather in Texas in February, supply chain stuff now and I think that’s going to be the story as we go. And then that lays over the IDEX story, which always kind of had our second quarter as a high point for us. And so we see that momentum lining up nicely on our typically seasonally adjusted second quarter. And then the back half, I think that’s going to be a story of – we’ve got some projects and things that we know about on the inside that we feel good about. We think the momentum certainly will continue, but we would suspect we’re still going to have a lot of these challenges out there that we’ll have to navigate around. And of course, then I think the typical seasonal patterns that we see around summer shutdowns and things in Europe are embedded on top of that. So it’s an interesting story with very broad-based support, early momentum, these kind of episodic challenges that we have to navigate around that we feel confident and we will.
Mike Halloran: So on those challenges, supply chain, inflation price cost dynamics, maybe talk about how those are impacting you, when you think there’s call it peak pain from your perspective on all these things hitting, with that, I mean, first quarter margins were obviously excellent. Second quarter implied still very good. So just talk about how you’re managing effectively and you did a ton of work coming into this to prepare for a lot of these challenges. But I’d certainly like to understand how it’s impacting you and how it phases through the year?
Eric Ashleman: Yes, sure. Well, like, this is where our model and our talent really helps us. I mean, we’ve got a lot of local sourcing very close to where we produce, very close to where we sell. So we have a kind of an inherent advantage there. And we’ve got really, really talented teams that used, frankly, a lot of the lessons of the year’s worth of the severe acute phase of the pandemic to make some smart moves around supply chain to prepare us for this. That being said, I would say, on the inflationary front, it’s kind of spotty for us. I mean, remember we’re a little further down the food chain. We don’t buy a lot of giant quantities of base material. We buy things that have been converted. So it does have a little bit of a lag for us. And so we see the same things others are seeing where we buy lots of metals. There’s some inflationary pressure, electronics, few other places. But we’re navigating around those. On the freight side, that’s certainly a challenge both on the price, frankly, more on the availability side. We’re no different than anybody else trying to find sea containers, trucking, trains, port facilities that have to unclog all of those things. Our model helps us. Our folks help us. I think, as we go further out, the inflationary pressure I actually think that’s going to ramp up a bit for everybody. One of the things that you can still appreciate, I see it in our own businesses is today we still have a little bit of the benefit of our people are good scavengers. They’ll go around and they’ll find some things over here. Find some places over there. Take advantage of some inventory sell stock. Eventually, you kind of get back where you’re right at the end of the factory. And then you’re kind of dealing with what everybody else is. So we’re planning for that. We’re making all the moves that we need to. And certainly, of course, all of this for us, you can never tell this story without talking about price capture. And so we’ve got these things aligned and as you suspect, we’re always trying to manage that spread and taking advantage of the price capture side as we sell and then executing the heck out of a difficult environment on the backend to maintain that spread as we go. And doing it all with our customers at top of mind and considering, and remembering the lead time requirements that we have kind of where we fit the criticality of what we do. That’s what drives all of it.
Bill Grogan: Yes, Mike. So we were pretty comfortable relative to where we’re sitting right now that we’ve maintained our historical price cost spread. When we have seen some businesses, the inflation has ramped up here more quickly. They’ve gone out proactively with incremental prices or surcharges to our customer. So our commercial teams are actively working with our supply chain teams to make sure that we have the ability to continue that spread as we progressed through the year.
Mike Halloran: Thanks for the answers, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. There were a couple products cited in the prepared remarks COVID related, that were looking like they were lagging in terms of initial expectations. I know last year that was part of an IDEX initiative. There were $25 million to $100 million potential revenue new COVID products. It sounds like this - two of these were in that bucket, the HST the COVID tester and the FMT, the electrostatic sprayer. So just give us an update those COVID related initiatives, how many not all are going to come through, I get that, but just where does that stand in terms of expectations?
Eric Ashleman: Sure. So I’ll kind of start back in the beginning and just walk this from high to low. I mean, we originally talked about that range pretty quickly that moved to about $60 million. That was split pretty evenly between 2020 and 2021. So now we’re kind of talking about a $30 million bucket for this year and the two biggest components in there were the electrostatic sprayer application, which we talked about and you saw in the margin walk, I’ll come back to that in a second. And then the COVID testing, the diagnostic application, which was always a little bit more backend loaded. And as you noted, and we noted in our remarks, we’ve got some pressure points around both of those related frankly to the improving situation that we see across the globe in terms of vaccination rates and some other things. On the sprayer front, that literally is binary as some change in thought, a change in thought, that was part of the CDC guidelines around the need for standardization, not being as high as previously thought. At a time, pretty coincident with some of our launch planning. So as you’d suspect, we’ve taken a slightly different view of that business. I think it’s a good product line. There are still plenty of places, a lot of it involved in transportation where that’s still going to be an essential piece of it. But it’s no doubt going to run out slower. I do want to pause just for a second though and point out the positive aspect of that. That was – it was one of our hardest hit businesses in terms of their core markets that rallied massively quickly put together a business and put together all this product and got it ready to frankly live our mission and try to make the world a better place. So we celebrate that one. And we’re going to leverage that capability going forward. On the other side, on the testing front, it’s a little bit more complex. We’ve got some issues on FDA approvals with our partners and we have this backdrop of vaccinations and things rolling out across the world, but I must tell you. So I think, we’re viewing that a little less favorably as we go forward again with an eye towards what happens in the back half. Now the world is still is not at the recommended level of surveillance testing, we’re underneath it by more than half. And we still think this has a role to play, but we want to at least point out that, there’s an impact of an improving world to a couple of these applications. But overall, couldn’t be happier with how our teams responded and put together the solutions here.
Deane Dray: All right. That’s really helpful. Thanks for the update there. And look, we’d much rather see you take these shots on goal because that’s good initiative. And there’s always some positives that will come out of it in terms of product development and other market opportunities. So appreciate all that. Second question, just – it’s more for Bill, just in terms of expectations on incrementals for the balance of the year. And I really appreciate how you highlight the organic drop through to separate out. It was like the inventory reserve taken. So just the expectation here, both on reported incrementals and organic incrementals and what is baked in on guidance here?
Bill Grogan: Yes. So maybe I’ll speak to the organic. Obviously, really healthy, we look at core organic flow-through of 58%. I think relatively increasing guide, where we’re at with our reinvestments discretionary cost add backs, that’s probably going to moderate around the low 40%s as we progress through the second, third and fourth quarters, if we do the math, that’s really, what’s implied with the revised EPS guidance.
Deane Dray: That’s real helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys. Good morning. Just want to go back to your comments on the industrials more on that big project focus. I just want to make sure I understand it. It sounds like it’s – the first half still really slow, second half, you’re getting some expectation that that could improve. Any color there. Is it sort of confidence from customers increasing, quality of inquiries, any color you can provide on that side?
Eric Ashleman: Yes, absolutely. I mean, it’s an important piece of the business, especially as we think about the rest of the year. I think actually the situation is changed there. The daily order rates, of course, we pointed to that momentum and that’s a great sign. That’s a great sign that the system’s working and that the momentum is there. The project side, I think has shifted from one of confidence in a lack of belief in let’s say, an improving outlook in the world and all of those things, that’s actually quite favorable now. I think now it’s actually caught up in a space -a zone of people just trying to execute it. And I look at my own businesses and see some of that same thing where some things larger projects, we’ve been thinking about a lot of people that would have been moving those along are trying really, really hard to ship product, get things going, understanding that’s on inventory, all of that. So as we engage with customers, particularly that right down that fairway of industrials with an FMT, this is the difference in tone. You see a lot of optimism, but you also see a lot of very, very busy people. And that’s especially true of the nature of the kind of projects we have. These are kind of those medium term expansions of facilities and things like that. So we’re pretty confident, very confident that those are going to come back. In some ways, we just need to get a little bit more space to work on them, continue to see the momentum that’s already out there. And then the lines cross, and we think that’s an important part of our story going forward.
Allison Poliniak: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then just next, M&A, it sounds like a pretty active pipeline, two deals so far. I guess, two things, one – how are you balancing that managerial capacity to handle some of these incoming properties with activity increasing. And then second is really around leverage, any change to sort of that comfort level. And if there’s some, I would say more interesting opportunities that come along here. Just any thoughts there?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Great questions. Well, so a couple of things and – just capacity in general, as you’ve seen in the comments for a couple of quarters here, we’ve been building that all along. A lot of the optimization we’ve done with IDEX over the last five years gave us the muscle that we’re now leaning on as we think about looking for acquiring and integrating companies. So that’s something just at the foundational level rather than just do the two transactions that we have here. They’re both very good standalone businesses that while they’re going to require some integrative activity these are well positioned, in good shape and let’s say, a lighter touch in terms of demand from some IDEX talent across the board. And so bottom line is, I feel confident that we could continue to work the funnel that we have with the intent that we’re driving. If we were to kind of lap this experience again in the back half, I wouldn’t see that as a problem, in terms of – our teams being able to go out and work on acquisitions. I will tell you, it’s a spec. We always filter these, there are some properties that if we said yes, and we were successful to take a lot more work than others. And we would factor that in. And we’re always pretty aware of that. But right now in very good shape with an intentional build on the bottom side and on the top. Two transactions that are very fortunately are in kind of great shape out of the gate.
Bill Grogan: And then relative to your second part of your question, I would say, yes, we still think our balance sheet is most efficient at about 2.5x. So relative to the capital availability we have on hand plus additional leverage for us to go deploy another $2 billion post the Airtech closure is extremely reasonable. So we have more than enough capacity to go after the things that Eric just mentioned.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Connor Lynagh: Yes, thank you. I wanted to talk about the Airtech acquisition. Just wondering, if you could sort of provide an overview of why you found this to be an attractive asset, how we should think about the market structure and the competitive positioning of the firm?
Eric Ashleman: Sure. Well, this is an exciting transaction. This is a really, really phenomenal company. And it sits very nicely next to the gas business that we illustrated there on the opening deck. In the nature that they’re both involved with very, very specialized air handling applications, but they’re highly complementary. So the strengths of gas in different areas of compression are then balanced very nicely with the regenerative blower side and the specialty in the valve piece of Airtech. So they fit together seamlessly. What I really, really like about these businesses is they’re both filled with incredible domain experts who have just got phenomenal abilities to innovate. Airtech has got a great growth track record. As I said in my opening comments, it’s very profitable, very close to end markets that we’re extremely interested in. On the gas side, we’ve got some of that as well. And frankly we’ve got a lot of channels strength in markets that I think are going to compliment that business. And then we’ve got a toolkit. We’ve got a talent base, a cultural base, and an 80-20 toolkit that we know when you apply to IDEX like businesses, particularly ones of high quality, can drive the whole thing further. Last piece of it is, there’s other things out there in this world that could be interesting that the two businesses together may unlock for us that are part of our – the funnel and things that we’re thinking about as we consider capital deployment in the future. So the suite of options, but around a - all of its centered around a super attractive business that we could not be happier with.
Connor Lynagh: Yes. Understood. Maybe just to dive a little deeper on that. Could you help us understand sort of the big end markets that the business serves and just how you’d think about longer term ex-COVID normalization type growth within the business?
Eric Ashleman: Sure. I mean, the business has got it’s – similar to gas in some respects, it’s got kind of an industrial core that serves as a foundation piece both financially and in terms of scale. And then in the markets that they’ve picked, they’ve done some nice things in alternative energy. They’ve done some great work within some specialty medical applications, some very interesting things around some technologies that are going to be important for the world going forward, industrial tech. They just, again, it’s a lot like IDEX. Many of them are industrial like applications, but they really leverage being up at the tightest end of a tolerance and duty spectrum. And this business has a great filter in terms of how they bring those about. So, a lot of it’s going to sum up to general industrial, but when you pick at it, that next level has always been the most important for us. And you just see incredible little niche applications that line up really well with their capabilities and the financials of the business.
Connor Lynagh: Appreciate it.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. A couple of questions. First, with respect to HST, it looked like that business delivered a pretty nice breakout performance from an operating margin standpoint. Can you talk about what’s sort of driving that and how you feel about the sustainability in that profit performance that you delivered here in Q1?
Bill Grogan: Yes, sure. I’ll take the first stab at it and then Eric could add. No, I think relative to the actions that we took last year to restructure some of these assets and then the mix of the businesses within the portfolio that have performed extremely well here over the last couple of quarters. So that combination of a much better foundation to build off of, they did have significant growth and then the mix of sales within the different businesses were the primary drivers. So I’d say, we would look for them to be at this level of profitability here going forward.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then just as a follow-up to the price cost sort of question that came up earlier. How much price were you guys able to realize in Q1? And how much incremental price realization will you need in the balance of the year to keep that price cost right where you want it? Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Well, we were just north of a point in Q1. That was fully in line with what we saw on the inbound side. I honestly think it will – we’re going to aggressively target to ratchet that up a bit, but we always do that with the indicators that we see and thinking a lot about the ultimate spread that we realized. So I don’t know that we’ve got a number of pegs, but we have a method that we peg that sort of is very active, follows along, takes advantage of the short lead times that we have in the way that we are able to execute price. So I guess, the shortest answer would be probably north of where we are here. A lot of it dependent on where we see some of the underlying commodities and some things heading for us, but always mindful of where that spread is. But ultimately we want to keep that as a net positive item for the company.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Giordano with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Francisco Amador: Hey guys. Good morning. This is Francisco on for Joe.
Eric Ashleman: Hi.
Francisco Amador: Are you guys seeing any impact specific to the semi-shortage, whether it’s specifically on that end market or any other markets that are sort of feeling the pain like automotive?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. We see them both fronts, so there are those occasions where end customers certainly got some issues, automotive is the easiest one to point to. That’s the more recent coming into our world in the first quarter. We think about our exposure there is very much program by program. So it literally comes down to kind of, are they making trucks versus cars? And so we’ve seen some of that enter the mix in Q1 and we talked about that. From our side, we don’t have a ton of computerized elements of the products we make. We see it in sensors and some displays and some other places, so it’s out there. And we’re navigating just like everybody else, but it’s been – frankly, we’ve been able to move around it, work around it and bring it all together here.
Francisco Amador: Great. That’s helpful. And then can you expand a little bit more on the dispensing side? Are you seeing replenishment there and like just expanding on the demand in general?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I think, yes, I think on the dispensing side, you see a couple of things coming together. I mean, one of the big drivers there has always been sort of life of the fleet and we were coming up at a point where that we knew that that was going to be refreshed. On top of that, of course, we had a pandemic where – frankly, even while we were locked down and shut down, there was a lot of painting going on and you saw a reluctance to say, well, let’s go interrupt that stream with capital deployment. So now that we’ve kind of passed through that, you’ve got kind of those two things that coming together, and you’ve got economies that are opening up on a global basis. Remember this is a really global business for us. We’re doing business all over the world here. And so we’re seeing kind of a bunch of positive forces come together all in one place on a business that has this potential over time. It does tend to hit some cycles and some valleys. And right now it’s hitting many positive cycles.
Francisco Amador: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning and congratulations on the good quarter. I wanted to see if we can get some insight on the M&A pipeline with the Airtech deal. Was this a deal that you’ve been working on for awhile? Clearly, there’s a nice fit with gas and maybe a sector to go after. But was this a brokered deal? Was this something that was kind of went through a process or have you been working with Airtech for a while to try and get something going?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, like a lot of the companies that are out here we’ve known about Airtech for a long time. Honestly kind of watch them as they’ve grown very, very well over the last half decade or so. So, they’re under private ownership, a lot of things came together and I will tell you, it moved pretty quickly. In this particular case, this is – as you might imagine, one of the easier businesses for us to get our heads around. And then as we did that and saw the quality of it, it moves quite a bit faster than some other transactions, just because of a lot of those things lining up well for us.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And then, in the past, you guys have talked about the valuation multiples of M&A deals. I wonder, how’d you feel about the multiple that you’ll be paying for this one. And you mentioned 80-20 is like a value-add that you can bring to the business. Is it too early to start talking about where you think – what you think you could do with it?
Eric Ashleman: Well, look it’s very strong business, valuations are high now. We’re pleased with the transaction. That’s why we did it. I’d say, from an 80-20 perspective, it’s interesting. This – in any ways I think it’s going to – this is representative of the sweet spot of what 80-20 can do. You’ve got a business here that’s a lot like ours in terms of its filled with these incredible problem solvers full of passion. What 80-20 helps you do is just understand what are the things you’re going to go after? Why is that? And how can you get disproportionately more of your resources over on the things that are the best? It’s a very simple framework and a thinking process that becomes intuitive over time. And we’re excited to introduce it and work with Airtech team on how it might help them improve an otherwise already good business. You can use it for other things and different businesses that are in different states, but this one is very much around continuing to help a really strong business grow even better in the future. And think about – and use it as a lens to think about the combinations and synergistic elements between the two companies together.
Bill Grogan: Relative to the multiple, obviously, we focus on the returns and this is a high quality business that we think is going to be drive returns well in excess of our cost of capital here as we proceed over the next couple of years. So, although it’s a little bit on the higher side on the print number, long-term this is a phenomenal transaction for us.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Yes, looks great. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Rosenblatt Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Good morning and nice quarter for you guys. Thanks for taking my question. I apologize, I was sort of jumped on and off the call here. If I ask a question that’s been asked, I apologize in advance. Did you mention Airtech’s sales specifically?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. We did in the opening comments around $85 million.
Scott Graham: $85 million. Thank you. Additionally, Eric, I noticed that you put in your market sum up life sciences, is sort of recovering. And I know a couple of companies that are out there, be it Illumina, Danaher, which are proxies [Indiscernible] customer, but really had blowout first quarter results in some of their markets. And I know it’s not perfectly like for like, particularly with Danaher, but I was just curious as to why you have that in recovering as opposed to not recovered.
Eric Ashleman: Well, a couple of things, like a lot of things with IDEX it comes down to where we play and the products that we have there. So, a lot of companies have a lot more consumable exposure than we do. And so that would be very clearly that’s the piece that recovers first and a lot of the elements that are embedded in life sciences. Let’s just take the kind of classic IBD space, as things open up and people go back in for testing you get a lot of action on the consumable stream, but it takes a while before you’re going to do a large scale box replacement and that’s what we supply. So, we’ve got a mixed bag here. We’ve got some places like that where we’re going to have to wait. And we certainly have some exciting stuff, especially on the microfluidics side and some of the stuff around AI as it involves itself in vaccine development and therapeutics [get up] (ph) in a different place. But when you put it all together we sort of use this category to say, recovering, but not quite there yet. And we understand the elements that are going to have to find their way in there for us to move it into the next space.
Scott Graham: Right. I guess, by just a little bit different space of things then move around within the space, would you be surprised if on the next quarter call that if you didn’t have life sciences up a notch into the recovered zone?
Eric Ashleman: I’d certainly consider the arrow to be moving in that direction. A lot of it would come down to the IBD placement of machines, some of the CapEx that’s in that product, whether that’s a quarter from now or later, I don’t know. But it’s hard to imagine that it wouldn’t improve. All the dynamics would suggest that we would follow much of what you cited there and those other companies.
Scott Graham: Got you. Okay. Yes. Thank you. So another question again on that same page Fire and Rescue. This morning one of your customers reported a pretty robust fire number, which surprised me, might have even surprised you. I know that, sort of muni spending and related was a bit of an area that you were watching coming into the quarter. It sounds like you kind of still are. Could you update us a little bit on that market? Is there potentially may be a refresh that’s needed there as well, given the number that customer reported this morning? Or is that maybe just sort of like – sort of like the final good quarter and maybe you think it slows down from here, just on Fire.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I certainly couldn’t talk too much about what they said or what they might be seeing, but I will say it’s an interesting space because you have a lot of things going on here. You’ve got obviously the municipal spend profile side and a lot of that we’re going to have to wait and see where that goes. There are so many elements that are moving around concurrently. There’s federal efforts to backstop things and that side of it there’s some regulatory pieces. So we’ll see. And then you’ve got this dynamic, certainly in this market where we’ve seen even ahead of some of the more recent supply chain stuff that we’re talking about globally, very unique to that industry, challenge around trucks and chassis and things that’s sort of capped off some of the potential on the sales side for end customers. So, if that works itself out that’s going to be ultimately good for us. We’ll see how successful people are with that. And then we’ll have to see where the market itself, the municipal market rides along underneath it. And then you always have to throw in for us, I hate to do add more and more variable, but this is a really massively global business. And so, they don’t all move in step. Things going on in China and India and emerging markets are not necessarily the same as what we would see here in the Midwest. So there’s a lot of things working together. I think it’s safe to put it in the recovering. It is improved, not quite back where we would expect it to be and think it will be ultimately. And then we will like you monitor a lot of these things coming together here to paint a clear picture as we go.
Scott Graham: That’s very clear, Eric. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathaniel Pendleton: This is Nate on for Nathan Jones this morning. I wanted to ask about orders. Orders were up 6% organically and 10% in total. Can you talk about kind of the cadence of orders through the quarter? What segments and end markets drove the improvement in order rates? And then how daily order rates are trending so far in April.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, honestly you can kind of take the entire company and say in generally it improved as we moved through that first quarter. I will remind us again each month had its own chapter of externality. But I guess all of them were somewhat equal. So broad improvement kind of marching through the quarter and as we’re looking at April, I mean, I don’t see anything that would change the story here. Bill, anything you’d add.
Bill Grogan: No. I guess, from what drove the orders, obviously all of the businesses within HST did extremely well. Within FMT, obviously we talked about that’s probably the group that’s still lagging a bit across the portfolio, outside of Banjo that had a phenomenal quarter and it continues to outperform relative to the dynamics in that market. And then within FSD, Band-IT and dispensing specifically did extremely well with Fire and Rescue improving relative to some of the things that Eric highlighted based on Scott’s question, so a little bit slower than the balance of the portfolio.
Nathaniel Pendleton: Okay, great. And I wanted to ask a follow-up with muni. What are your assumptions on muni budgets and spending? And then what are your thoughts on the infrastructure spending Bill and potential impact to the muni market?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So look, I think we’ve got muni spending in generally in kind of a steady as she goes category until we know more and see it. The infrastructure stuff is interesting as you’d expect probably like everybody else, you kind of go and peel it back headline by headline. Then you’ve got to really work on a variable of timing. Like when do we think that that would find its way here? And as always, a lot of it’s pretty unclear. So just that term in itself, if it means roads and bridges, it means one thing for IDEX, if it means underneath and sewers and wet pipe and things like that, that’s different. And it’s hard for me to see how clear it is until it starts to become more actionable, which then I think supports – I think it’s going to take a while to run out. But I would say in general, the fact that it exists is a positive element that should help of many IDEX markets. So we view it that way. We’ll continue to ping it as we get some insight into things and start to see driving trends within the business will surely call it out.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Eric Ashleman: Sure.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to hand the call back to management for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Thanks so much. For those external to IDEX, I always want to thank you for your support and interest in the company. We know there’s a lot of IDEX employees on a call like this as well. And so frankly, I want to thank you again for your hard work. It’s paying off clearly, as we’ve talked about here. There’s more hard work to come, but we’ve got a resilient business. I think our positioning in these attractive niches continues to serve us well. We’ve got a team of people that are second to none here. So I think you can hear, we’re pretty optimistic about the path forward. We know there will be challenges, things that are unexpected that will come up along the way, but we’re excited. We’re excited about the momentum that we’re seeing, where it will take us. And we’re very excited about the story here with bringing Airtech into the IDEX family, alongside ABEL Pumps. We’re working hard to continue that momentum as well on top of it as we go forward. And we’ll look forward to talking to you all along the way as we make progress. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the IDEX Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Financial Highlights. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you. You may begin.
Mike Yates: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying, thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial highlights. Last night we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months and the year ending December 31, 2020. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Eric Ashleman, our Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Eric providing an overview of the state of IDEX's businesses, including a recap of our recent performance and how we are viewing 2021. Eric will then provide an update on a few initiatives that we believe are key to IDEX's culture, before moving into a review of our order performance and providing our 2021 outlook for our end markets. Bill will then discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results. And we'll conclude with an outlook for the first quarter and full year 2021. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access the complete replay, beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13712088. Or you may simply log on to our company’s homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night's press release in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll turn the call over to our CEO. Eric?
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Mike. I'd like to start by thanking our people all around the world who have risen to the occasion during such a challenging year. It's been a year full of challenge and change, with the numerous safety protocols and disruptions in the marketplace. In that environment, our people continue to shine. So to all the IDEX team members listening in on this call, thank you. Because of the protocols we have in place, the disruptions in our operations have been limited. The COVID trends across Europe, North America and India have been troubling and we continue to follow those developments closely and remain steadfast in providing a safe place for our employees to work. We continue to deliver solutions for our customers during a challenging year, focusing on the critical innovation we need to support our long-term strategy, as well as producing new products to help the fight against the pandemic. Bill will walk through the details shortly. With customer focused strong execution and our ability to react quickly to unpredictable events, helped us deliver a relatively strong performance in 2020, a true testament to our resiliency. Liquidity was a primary focus of our management strategy as the pandemic hit and I'm happy to say that we were able to drive record free cash flow this year. As we address the challenges in front of us, we see a path to bullishness for 2021. We have seen a steady recovery in our end markets, which we will detail in a few slides. The diversity and quality of our businesses continues to serve us well, ensuring that we can weather any storm and quickly capitalize when market conditions improve. While the pandemic still presents many challenges to solve, we are starting to see a focus pivot back to core commercial endeavors, as we and our customers prepare for a world healed from the ravages of COVID-19. Our businesses remain focused on operating safely and we are prepared to leverage our supply chains and react to increased demands. A year like 2020 truly test the culture of a company. Are you rooted in strong values that people really live and believe? If so, you'll be better prepared to survive and even thrive. IDEX is that kind of company and it served us well in a year none of us could have ever predicted. I'm proud of the culture we have built at IDEX. It is admired by many, but we can strengthen it still. We leverage our culture and mission to bind together a uniquely decentralized and diverse company and our commitment to work even harder to support diversity equity and inclusion is tied directly to this important aspect of IDEX differentiation. Our resiliency, agility and fundamental ability to execute have IDEX exceptionally well positioned to play off as aggressively as we move forward. We are actively investing to support our best organic growth bets and we have ramped up our capital spending to support very exciting initiatives. The M&A markets are moving again and we are expanding our capabilities to execute on strategic acquisitions. In January, we announced an agreement to acquire ABEL Pumps and expect that deal to close in the first quarter. We actively seek to deploy additional capital to acquire IDEX-like businesses, as well as make some calculated bets in new technologies, to bolster our growth potential to further strengthen our portfolio and enhance our return to shareholders. Moving to slide seven. As I just mentioned, the strength of IDEX comes from the IDEX difference, a teachable methodology where great teams working together in a superior culture focused on the critical things that matter with a natural orientation towards the most important needs of their customers. Our culture is a significant focus and one of my key leadership priorities. To that end, we are making ongoing improvements based on feedback we received from our employees every day. Last month the IDEX Foundation, which was created to positively impact the communities in which we live and work, took a significant step forward as part of these efforts. IDEX committed $6 million to boost sponsored activities across the company. The foundation formerly added equity and opportunity as a lasting and fully funded part of its mission, creating opportunities for underserved disadvantaged people of color in our communities. This donation allows the foundation to more than double its annual giving. In addition to initiatives focused on equity and opportunity, we will continue the great work our people have been doing in our communities like building homes for the homeless, renovating community centers, and supporting schools and learning opportunities for young people. This month, we will host more than a dozen facilitative employee focus groups around the world. The feedback from our employees will help shape our path forward in diversity equity inclusion. Developing a formal framework and goals for our DE&I program is something we have all deployed at the senior leadership level making it a top priority. As part of that commitment, I intend to have a Senior DE&I leader in place reporting directly to me later this year. We will continue to grow and advance our culture as a key element of differentiation. You have my commitment on that. Turning now to our commercial results on slide eight. Broad rebound in order rates we discussed in the third quarter continued as our fourth quarter organic orders were up 7% compared to the prior year. We entered the quarter with optimism based on the strength of the third quarter improvement and that continued into the fourth quarter. Excluding timing on large OEM blanket orders year-over-year, our monthly order rates improved throughout the quarter. FMT organic orders for the fourth quarter were up 3%, driven by project orders in our water businesses continued strength in agriculture and recovery in industrial day rate businesses. HST organic orders were up 6% in the fourth quarter, driven by new product initiatives in life sciences and the recovery in auto and semicon continuing to boost our Sealing Solutions businesses. Finally, Fire & Safety/Diversified organic orders were up 15% in the quarter. Dispensing saw significant improvement as retailers began to release pent-up demand for equipment refreshes banded after a strong bounce back in the third quarter continued to improve based on auto market strength. And Fire & Safety saw growth in several product lines. A year ago, as we entered 2020, we talked about the general industrial slowdown that we were seeing and what a flat to down 2% to 5% world looked like for IDEX. We have proactively taken strategic actions to address these factors. We then faced the onset of the pandemic and we responded to it with purpose. As we close out 2020 and look forward, we are optimistic that our units and markets are quickly on a path to pre-COVID levels. The actions that we took in 2019 and 2020 have left us well positioned as we move into 2021. Turning to slide nine. We provide our current outlook for primary end markets. In our Fluid & Metering Technology segment, industrial day rates continue to tick up in the fourth quarter further solidifying the optimism that we discussed last quarter. We see this increase driven largely by OpEx needs of our customers. We continue to see large capital projects remain on hold. We anticipate that broader signs of economic stability and higher degrees of certainty on COVID recovery timing is required before capital projects begin to move again. But the investment discussions are happening. Our Water business has continued to show resiliency and we are closely monitoring the toll that 2020 will take on municipal budgets in 2021 and beyond. The strength in agriculture that we've called out for the previous two quarters has continued and we expect it to grow in 2021. Energy markets continue to remain challenged with markets still down compared to 2019 levels. Stabilization of these businesses is largely dependent on increases in fuel prices driving new capital investments in oil and gas. Turning to the Health and Science Technologies segment. As we discussed last quarter we have identified opportunities and applications to help fight COVID across each of our segments but particularly in HST. We were able to drive approximately $30 million of revenue in 2020 and expect to generate about the same amount in 2021 related to these initiatives. While some of this revenue is one-time in nature, we believe the technologies and applications we have developed here will generate recurring opportunities in 2022 and beyond. So, relative to our $25 million to $100 million of opportunities we highlighted, we'll achieve about $60 million. AI improved during the fourth quarter and looks to be on the rebound in 2021. In life sciences, we saw an offset by continued weakness in IVD/BIO as lab capacity is still largely focused on COVID response putting on hold other projects and initiatives. The strength in semicon that we mentioned last quarter has continued. In addition our ceilings business has benefited from a rebound in automotive. We see continued recovery in 2021 for the auto market, particularly driven by strength in European car sales in China and India. Food and pharma has also remained a bright spot as our businesses continue to benefit from growth in MPT projects and Microfluidics business. Moving to the Fire & Safety/Diversified segment, we saw continued improvement in most of our markets. The largest driver was the significant improvement in the dispensing market as large retailers increase demand for equipment refreshes, combined with order strength in the Asia dispensing markets. As mentioned previously, the pace of the auto recovery continues to exceed expectations springing on our BAND-IT business. Fire & Rescue businesses continued to see strong order performance and we believe that we are seeing a recovery in the OEM businesses driving through some of the delays in backlog concerns we referenced last quarter. As with all our municipal businesses, we continue to closely monitor the impact on budgets to see if there are any lagging effects from COVID response spending. As I highlighted in my previous remarks, we are optimistic about the market recovery we are seeing across most of our markets. And we need to be prepared for potential interruptions, particularly in the first half of 2021. Our teams have shown the ability to address these short-term shocks proactively. And the strategic actions we have taken across our businesses, has us well positioned to be able to ride the positive momentum, we're seeing as we exit the issue of the pandemic. With that, I'll turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results for the quarter and full year.
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Eric. I'll start with our consolidated financial results on slide 11. Q4 orders of $679 million were up 10% overall and up 7% organically. Organic orders increased across each of our segments, with drivers highlighted by Eric in his previous comments. For the year orders were down 3% overall and down 4% organically, with strong organic order recovery in the fourth quarter, partially offsetting the 18% organic order decline we saw in the second quarter at the height of the pandemic. Fourth quarter sales of $615 million were up 2% overall, but down 1% organically. Our industrial and energy markets led the decline, but did have positive organic growth of around 60% of our reporting units led by strong performance in our ceilings MPT and dispensing businesses. Full year sales of $2.4 billion were down 6% overall and down 9% organically, driven by the impact of COVID, industrial market softness and challenges in oil and gas. Q4 gross margins contracted 20 basis points to 43.8%, driven by a decline in volume and unfavorable sales mix, partially offset by price capture. For the full year, gross margins contracted 140 basis points. Excluding the impact of the FMD inventory step-up, adjusted gross margins contracted 130 basis points to 43.9% driven by volume declines in sales mix, offset by our continued ability to capture price and drive operational productivity. Fourth quarter operating margin was 22.6%, up 50 basis points compared to prior year. Full year operating margin was 22.1%, down 110 basis points compared to the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 23.4% for the fourth quarter, up 10 basis points compared to prior year and 22.8% for the year, down 140 basis points compared to 2019. I'll discuss the drivers of operating income on the following slide. Our Q4 effective tax rate was 22.2%, which was higher than the prior year ETR of 20.6%, due to the revaluation of foreign deferred income tax balances driven by changes in foreign tax rates. Fourth quarter adjusted net income was $105 million, resulting in an EPS of $1.37, up $0.04 or 3% over prior year adjusted EPS. Full year adjusted net income was $397 million, resulting in adjusted EPS of $5.19, down $0.61 or 11% compared to prior year. Finally, free cash flow for the quarter was $149 million, up 9% compared to prior year and was 142% of adjusted net income. For the year, free cash flow was $518 million, a record for IDEX, up 9% versus last year and 131% of adjusted net income driven by strong working capital performance. Moving on to slide 12. We're going to review our full year adjusted operating income. As Eric mentioned, we faced unprecedented challenges in 2020, but the structural and discretionary actions we took were critical to lessen the volume impact on our income and margins. Using a similar framework as we have for the previous two quarters, we wanted to walk through the components of our full year adjusted operating income. Adjusted operating income declined $66 million for the year. With organic sales down around $247 million, we would have expected a negative impact in operating income of $148 million at roughly 60% contribution margin rate. The $148 million was offset by $58 million of executed operational actions, $23 million from the impact of restructuring actions combined with $35 million of discretionary cost control items and $10 million of price net productivity and negative business mix. Finally, we had $7 million of reduced variable compensation for the year. This yielded a better than expected flow-through of 34%. Again organic flow-through is based on taking reported sales and op income less the impact of FX and acquisitions, which was roughly $77 million on the top line and $7 million of profit. Overall, our team's focused on quickly managing the crisis at hand and effectively managing costs to mitigate revenue declines and has IDEX well positioned to leverage the recovery we expect in 2021. Moving on to guidance, I'm on slide 13. Based on current order rates and expected market recoveries, we see an accelerating 2021 and expect organic revenue for the year to be up 6% to 8%. This translates to an EPS impact of roughly $0.75 to $0.95 depending on our top line results. We expect our productivity initiatives to more than offset inflation providing $0.04 of benefits. The structural cost actions we have taken are expected to provide $0.12 of EPS benefit in the year. As we move past the pandemic we will aggressively invest in both organic and inorganic opportunities. As business recovers we will loosen discretionary cost controls as appropriate. As mentioned previously, we expect approximately two-thirds of the discretionary cost to return over time. Additionally, we will be making investments to enhance our ability to execute and integrate M&A opportunities as we view this as a critical time to enhance our capabilities, as well as continue to fund our targeted organic growth initiatives. These discretionary add-backs and strategic investments will provide approximately $0.19 to $0.26 of pressure in our 2021 guidance. Next we anticipate $0.08 to $0.11 headwind from variable compensation as we reset our incentive comp for the year. Finally FMD has 1/4 of inorganic results which we expect to provide $3 million of revenue, but provide $0.03 of EPS pressure. The structural actions we have made to improve FMD's profit profile based on the situation in the energy market will get FMD back to positive op profit in the second quarter. Now let's take a look at a couple of non-operational items. First we expect an $0.18 headwind from tax primarily related to discrete benefits we realized in 2020 associated with equity vesting and option exercising. Second, we expect a 2% tailwind from FX providing $0.13 of EPS benefit. So in summary we are projecting organic revenue growth of 6% to 8% for the year and EPS expectations are in the range of $5.65 to $5.95, a 9% to 15% increase over 2020. Moving to Slide 14. Let me provide some additional details regarding our 2021 guidance for both the first quarter and full year. In Q1 we are projecting EPS to range from $1.38 to $1.42 with organic revenue growth of 2% to 4% and operating margins of approximately 23.5%. The Q1 effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 23%. We expect a 3% top line benefit from the impact of FX and corporate costs in the first quarter are expected to be around $18 million. Turning to some additional details for the full year guidance. Again we're projecting full year EPS in the range of $5.65 to $5.95 with full year organic revenue to be up 6% to 8% with operating margins between 23.5% to 24.5%. We expect FX to provide a 2% benefit to top line results. The full year effective tax rate is expected to be around 23%. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be around $55 million. And free cash flow is expected to be between 115% to 120% of net income. Corporate costs are expected to be approximately $70 million for the year. Finally our earnings guidance excludes any associated cost or earnings with future acquisitions or restructuring charges. Abel Pump is not included in these estimates and we will revise guidance once that deal is closed. With that I'll throw it back to Eric for some final thoughts. 
Eric Ashleman: Thanks Bill. Before questions, I would like to once again thank our employees and stakeholders for their contributions to what I consider exceptional execution in a challenging environment. We have proven the resilience of our businesses and clearly demonstrated the impact of the IDEX difference in our operating model. While we are not completely out of the woods this is a time for optimism. And I believe that our businesses are well positioned to focus on the critical priorities that will accelerate our growth on the other side of the pandemic. With that let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Want to go back to your comment Eric on M&A and this concept of technology and investing there, could you maybe give us a little bit of color on what that means in terms of size or if there's verticals? And then also how are you reconciling those opportunities with the historical discipline that IDEX has always held with M&A? 
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well it's great to talk to you Allison. Thank you. So look I -- we talked a little bit here before about obviously we think that the technology cycle is compressed a lot. And no doubt it was already kind of flying in a dynamic way. So as we're thinking about that at IDEX, we're thinking about organic bets and development that we're going to do internally, but no doubt we're going to have to appropriate some of this from the outside world. And I think that -- you can think of that as a range of technologies. I mean for a lot of our component products it's probably going to come down to things like sensors and data readouts. From other businesses that we have it might be more analytical in nature. So it's going to take some of the inputs that we're able to provide in a severe duty space and come up to some determinant outcome and present that to our customers. So I think it would run the gamut from -- everything from embedded sensors and control elements up to frankly some software pieces that might be out there that would stick and sit very nice comfortably next to some pieces of our business. And I just think ultimately the call on that is going to be speed, speed and the ability to impact a solution in a way that we think will give us some differentiated edge. No doubt, when you're looking at assets especially on the inorganic side the economics can often work in different ways. And so we challenge our teams to think about value creation in a different way as well, in terms of how it might extend our solution bring us closer to customers lead to other open doors. So we're spending an awful lot of time on that as a team; Bill and I and the rest of the senior team and really putting our heads together and what that will look like for IDEX but we're excited about it.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: That's helpful. And then I just want to go to your comment on capital projects. It sounds like you're getting some inquiries or they're starting to increase there. But the balance of that going forward potentially sounds like it's almost like a reopening kind of theme there. Are you feeling like there's starting to be sort of this pent-up demand as people look out into the balance of 2021? Just any thoughts there.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well I think so. As you know I mean, especially I'll just take the FMD segment in general. There's a ton of support there on the day rate side and much of the improvement that we've seen in Q3 and Q4 and that's where it's coming from. The system is working. People are adding shifts. There's just more output. And we come along with that. And then there's an important component of project business that we would need to see to kind of take it to the next level. And I will say that you don't see a lot of that yet in the actual order numbers that we have as good as they are. But the discussions that support that the discussions around spec points and applications and problems that we can solve you can feel that building. And I think that's behind some of the optimism that we feel, coming ahead particularly as the virus the course of the virus becomes more understood.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thanks a lot. I’ll pass it along.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Allison.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey, Eric. So congratulations. You get your first quarter under your belt. And as we look at the results and the quality of the earnings it looks just like vintage IDEX and seeing the incrementals come back. But could you share with us any like high-level thoughts here now where do you think you'll be focusing a little bit differently where might there be an Eric imprint here as CEO? Is – I suspected a lot of it is just continued focus on 80:20 and the IDEX way but just broad strokes how you're thinking about that now?
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Sure Deane. Look I think some of it we touched on in my opening comments. I mean I would actually start with the cultural aspects. I think one of the reasons we performed as well as we have we've been as nimble as we have I mean it really comes back to what we built here in terms of a culture and an organizational mentality that allows us to course correct and really focus on things without frankly a lot of control coming from Bill or I or the rest of the team. So in an environment that probably has even more of that, going to the next level there is hugely important. Then I think, partially thinking back a bit to the comments around Allison's question technology and how that's going to layer across the solution sets that we have at IDEX, recognizing we've got a lot of different states of evolution depending on the companies, that's a place where I'm spending an awful lot of time to make sure that we're thoughtful and not in some ways kind of overdoing it with a center-led answer because that's not really the appropriate response. And then I would end with certainly capital allocation and a lot of focus on how we can frankly put some more of it to work. The environment's tough but we're doing some things around focused resources, focused pieces of the company and a lot of just very iterative thinking as a team of how we can tackle that and frankly capitalize on the engine that we really built over the last two years. I mean I think we're uniquely positioned here even in a difficult environment to bring that to bear.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. And I think you've given some good insight into how you're thinking about the end markets, that Page 9 was especially helpful, as was the bridge that Bill walked us through. So if I could just take a moment and ask for more specifics on your muni outlook, because that came up a couple of different times where you talked about the toll that COVID is taking. But there's like two pieces to muni. One is water, which tends to be more resilient in Fire & Rescue a little more CapEx. But what are your assumptions on muni budgets and spending here on those two areas? 
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, no doubt that's definitely an area that we're watching with a lot of focus. As you know, I mean those markets tend to lag an awful lot. And so something bad happens in the world and it takes a while for it to read through. And then of course, if you think of kind of our exposure layered on top of it, particularly the two areas that you mentioned, we're doing very important work that that many times is buffered against some of it. So on the water side we're heavily tilted towards the analytical side, analytical services and support. And so even if a system has to make do with infrastructure might have to delay some kind of – lay out a heavy infrastructure, they often turn to our kind of work to make sure that they're leveraging the system that they do have. Frankly, also on the water side, I mean if we go into an era, where the environmental compliance has stepped up a bit, that's another dynamic that helps us there. So that's against that sort of other trend that we are watching around budget support and budget assurance. So the two things are kind of working there together but we see that same resiliency. Fire & Rescue, again this is one of the most global stories that we have. And so no doubt in the more mature spaces CapEx purchases, considering where the source of that funding is going to come from is always something that we're thinking about and tracking. But we are – we course, correct a bit here. And so it's a different story in some of the emerging markets where we've got great presence and frankly a lot of technology and people on the ground. So I think that global breadth helps us on that side as well. But no doubt we're watching the same dynamics that you all are. As we go forward, we're looking to see if there's backstopping and support or not all over the world and -- but we think we're well positioned.
Deane Dray: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Deane.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning everyone.
Eric Ashleman: Hi, Mike.
Mike Halloran: So let's start on the demand curve here. Obviously, understand the optimism comments. Really good to hear. Is that -- how is that optimism embedded in the guidance range? How are you thinking about trends as you work through the year here? And any commentary on how customers are thinking about what their spend patterns look like, and how much optimism is there in the channel when you're having those conversations? And I guess one more tail to that what do you think that means for the next couple of years?
Bill Grogan: Mike maybe I'll start off with the first part of your question relative to how we're thinking about pacing through the year in our guidance, I think, it's kind of consistent sequential improvement as we progress through the year. When you look at the 6% to 8% and where we are in the first quarter, there is kind of a gradual improvement that we need to achieve each quarter that's reasonable. When you think about the 6% to 8% between the segments, HST a little bit on the high end FMT and the middle and FSD on the lower side. So, generally balanced with small sequential improvements as we progress. And obviously, we have some targeted growth things that will phase out through the year that could inflect that plus or minus. But we're not looking for significant growth in any specific quarter as we progress through the year.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Mike I just would continue to point to, I mean, in many ways what we're calling internal is sort of predictable uncertainty. There's a lot of stuff going on no doubt, but it's at least found a level where one of the things we've noticed all around the world is certainly -- we're going to keep the machines on keep the factories running, keep the borders open, keep product moving. It might be difficult at times, but that assurance is there. And certainly with some good signs in terms of virus mitigation that provides another piece of assurance. And then I think most people recognize, there's a lot of pent-up energy more broadly that if things continue to go this way, it would be released at some point. And again IDEX has such broad exposure. We think we'd participate in that. 
Mike Halloran : So, third question just maybe some thoughts on supply chains how they look for you specifically; what channel inventories look like? And then lastly, how are you thinking about price cost dynamics? 
Eric Ashleman: Yes sure. On -- with no doubt the supply chain is tricky to maneuver. I mean, we're seeing that as well as everybody else. I mean, the ports are clogged up and they've got some staffing issues in both of the coasts. And the containers are in the wrong places all of that stuff. And just frankly, there's not enough aircraft in the sky. So we're not immune to that. However, as you know, we are very localized generally in terms of our supply our production and our sell-through into markets. It's a very localized model. And so I think relative to a lot of people we probably don't experience it at the same levels  Our teams now for quite a while frankly even going back to the times where we were talking a lot more about tariffs and things like that have been thinking about where we have key sources of supply how we can make that frankly more flexible. And to this day every Tuesday we kind of go around the horn and talk both about kind of how we're holding up in terms of the virus how we're navigating supply chains. And fortunately we've been able to react and navigate around that and that's the go-forward assumption for us. 
Mike Halloran : Appreciate it. Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville : Thanks and good morning guys. Can you maybe talk about a little bit about the order of cadence you experienced through the quarter? It sounds like things got better what you've seen so far in January and if you wouldn't mind adding some geographic overlay to that as well. 
Eric Ashleman : Yes. So relatively the order pattern through the quarter we mentioned it a little bit in the prepared remarks our day rate businesses continue to progress as we march through the fourth quarter. We had some timing of OEM blanket that made the absolute month numbers a little bit choppy. But for the things that we look as indicator the sequential improvement was there and that's continued on to January with another positive month of broad-based order improvement across all of our businesses. On the geographic side, I think it was a really strong performance in Asia in Europe. And North America lagged a little bit only because of hey that's where most of our core industrial and energy exposure is. It was the only area that was the lowest out of the 3 but again still sequentially improving. 
Matt Summerville : And then realizing dispensing's a fairly small piece of overall IDEX it can still kind of bounce around FSD a bit. I would imagine some of the orders you received maybe for future periods. Is there any sort of sequential cadence we should be thinking about as it pertains to FSD because of some of that lumpiness as we fine-tune our models? 
Eric Ashleman : Yes. It's obviously a strong order quarter for dispensing. I would say it's going to pace out through the first three quarters of the year for the most part maybe a little bit more heavily weighted towards the first two quarters, because we did receive some orders for the full year from several customers. 
Matt Summerville: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Rosenblatt Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Hey, good morning. Eric congratulations on your first solo quarter. Good luck.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Scott.
Scott Graham: So I wanted to maybe get a little bit more on your 6% to 8% organic for the year, which obviously suggests a pretty steady, but pretty healthy improvement 2Q, 3Q, 4Q. And maybe specifically in FMT, where you're kind of saying that's sort of like in the middle what are the markets that you're looking at in FMT that are going to be the drivers for that level of growth as the year progresses?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, as you know, Scott, I mean, FMT is such a broad collection catch-all of a wide variety of industrial markets. But it – honestly it runs the gamut. So food production is in there. Anything related to – starting to work on infrastructure and build-out of highways and buildings and things we're going to participate there as well. So the chemical sector kind of coming back to life. We've got a significant presence there. I mean, it really is that sort of broad-based support coming from the industrial sector largely in kind of our mature geographic markets that just day rates that's kind of in the first chapter of it. I think the projects that we talked about earlier are starting to come on starting to get funded. You put those two things together that's sort of what the picture would look like in it. We see it as a pretty steady march. I mean, it's not like a hockey stick out there. We just think the line sort of continues as the world heals.
Scott Graham: Right. Well, you're shorter cycle, so that makes sense. Bill one for you. Could you give us an idea, I know you guys have been kind enough in the past to kind of share with us your revenues that are from OpEx which includes the day rates versus CapEx. What was the exit rate on that? 
Bill Grogan: I would say, it's more heavily OpEx related. Again to Eric's comments relative to the larger capital projects, I think the conversations around those are picking up. We haven't seen a significant increase in order book relative to those things falling through the unknown. 
Scott Graham: Would you say Bill that OpEx is maybe 70%, 75% of the revenue run rate right now?
Bill Grogan: Yeah, plus or minus. It's around there. 
Scott Graham: Great. Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys. I wanted to focus on Health & Science Technologies for a second. So you gave some color there on the rapid tests coming roughly in line with kind of what you thought revenue-wise. But what are the puts and takes elsewhere in the business throughout the year? Because it seems – I 'm actually surprised that life sciences is more stable and analytically instrumentation just given what we're seeing with other companies. I don't know. I guess, what are you seeing in 2021 in that segment and how that is going to ebb and flow throughout the year?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, look I think the analytical instrumentation story for us it's a pretty mature business. It was – obviously it faced some headwinds last year like a lot of life sciences did related to sort of up and down the street medical things and analytical services. We did see a nice bounce back there in the fourth quarter for AI. I think it kind of returns to its sort of historical rates as we go forward. The IVD/BIO side, which is also pretty mature that's the one that's still got the most pressure on it. It's much more dependent on people going and visiting labs and then has a consumable stream that tends to be out ahead of capital purchases and that's kind of where we come in. So consider that a bit of an offset to the AI story. And then pretty quickly, we get into the more dynamic pieces of this related to the works that we do in genomics. And obviously, the rapid test is the most dynamic of them all. So we put all that together. I think we tried to lay that out here. But I would say in general look this is a robust sector. It's obviously doing work that the world needs right now. We think we're well positioned in all of it. And the single biggest catalyst for us still remains that that work we're doing around the testing program.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Is – based on your orders order trends what – I guess, looking out to 2021 for the full year, is it safe to say Fluid & Metering probably leads followed by HST and then Fire & Safety, or I guess can you rank order those organically?
Bill Grogan: For orders or sales? 
Andrew Buscaglia: For sales I mean.
Bill Grogan: Yeah. No, I think I mentioned a little bit earlier. I think HST is probably on the higher end FMC is down the middle and FSD's on the low end. If you picked – 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Sorry I missed that. Okay. And then just one last one. On M&A, you guys indicated a quarter or two ago that there were some deals in HST perking up. Anything – any update there or anything just broadly on M&A?
Eric Ashleman: Well, look as I said in the – both in the comments at the beginning and some of the questions here, I mean, we've got a lot of work going on in frankly all three segments. So I wouldn't say, that one is tilted more than the other. I mean we've got good opportunities in all three. We've got teams associated in and positioned in places where we're focused in all three. So, I'd hesitate to color it, as landed one way or another.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. All right. Thank you guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Giordano with Cowen. Please proceed with your questions.
Francisco Amador: Hey guys. Good morning. This is Francisco on for Joe. I wanted to ask with regards to slide 9 which is obviously very helpful, your general thoughts on automotive. We've seen some headlines on potential production cuts coming from the shortage in semiconductors. How exposed are you to that, and if you can just provide some incremental commentary there, please?
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. Well, I mean, no doubt, we've seen the same headlines. I mean, this is still a relatively small piece of IDEX. I mean, we have exposure there in a couple of businesses and none of which is related to the electronics side. So, look, I think what we've seen so far the momentum is the recovery of an industry that was largely kind of shutdown for decent parts of the year. And then, frankly, most of our growth there is through growth of platforms. The technologies where we're actually focused, our team has done just a great job of being able to introduce that to more and more people, more and more players in the market. And then, secure those wings. And then -- wins and we would see them run out over several years. So, we haven't seen a big interruption. But again, we're not in that sort of same area the part spends. And we've got really good exposure to the platform wins in a couple of businesses.
Francisco Amador: Thanks. That's helpful. And just going back quickly to the M&A topic, just on the environment, would you say, it's more favorable than it was a couple of quarters ago? I think you guys mentioned, at some point that, multiples were still pretty high and people were maybe not as willing to sell. How has that changed in the last couple of months?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, like the valuation remains certainly high and rich. And maybe because of that and some of the confidence that, we're seeing generally put those two things together I would say, the flow of properties for sale is better. And it continues to grow, kind of with the confidence in insurance, kind of same things that we're citing here. So, valuation was frankly high before. We think it's high now. We think it will stay at these elevated levels as we go forward. That's the challenge for us. But, we think we've got the -- certainly have the firepower to do the work both in terms of the teams the franchises we're thinking of building around and the demonstrated ability to execute and drive value in a company.
Francisco Amador: Great. Thank you very much.
Eric Ashleman: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back to management, for closing remarks.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, hey, thanks for everybody joining. And I know there's always a lot of IDEX folks that join this call as well. So, I do want to -- once again I want to thank, everybody across IDEX for the really, really hard work and solid execution in 2020 and frankly a great start already to the year here. So thank you for your efforts there. I think, as you can see, I mean, we're pretty -- we're cautiously bullish. And we're leaning forward. We're generally optimistic about, where things are going here. No doubt, there's a lot of uncertainty that's still out there. But I think if we learned anything in 2020, it's how resilient everybody is. And how quickly we can kind of course correct and I think our company does that, better than many. So, we've got the people in place. We've got the teams. We've got focus. And I'm just really, really pleased to be here and leading the charge with Bill and others. So, thanks for your interest and time today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines, at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Yates. Thank you. You may begin.
Mike Yates: Great. Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining our discussion of the IDEX third quarter 2020 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our Company's financial and operating performance for the three months ending September 30, 2020. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our Company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail and Bill Grogan, additionally, Eric Ashleman, our President and recently announced CEO of IDEX, will be joining us as well.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike. Good morning, everyone. Before we dive into our third quarter results, I'd like to take a moment and talk about the leadership transition we announced yesterday. After 12 wonderful years at IDEX and nearly a decade as Chief Executive Officer, I'm stepping down as Chairman and CEO in mid-December. I'm delighted that the Board of Directors has selected our President and COO, Eric Ashleman as IDEX's new CEO, effective December 15, 2020. Eric is a uniquely capable leader, who has a clear choice for the role. He and I have worked closely together since I joined IDEX. We work side-by-side to establish our strategy, build our culture and deliver value for all of our stakeholders. Eric brings extensive knowledge of our business, deep insights into our markets and a passion for bringing up the best of our people. My decision comes after deep reflection. Leaving IDEX has been the greatest prier to my career. It's a significantly different Company today than when I joined in 2009. We've accelerated our transformation from an acquisition-based holding Company, into a high-performing global enterprise that improves lives on a daily basis. With this strong foundation, IDEX is positioned for continued growth and value creation. So it's a good time for change for two reasons. First, IDEX is ready. We've let a remarkable Company through this pandemic crisis, our mission has never mattered more, our culture and financial position has never been stronger and our team has never been more capable. To that end, we're fortunate to have Eric, as the next IDEX CEO. He's a proven leader who has delivered excellence for our shareholders and our broad stakeholders for the past 13 years. Second, I'm ready. For the last couple of years, many of you have asked me about my career thoughts. I've always said that I love IDEX, but I thought 10 years is about the right shelf life for a public company CEO. I could never have dreamed what we were accomplished over the span. We've built an organization that advances and save lives of millions of people around the globe. We have created a highly engaged organization that is among the best in the world. We've impacted our communities through compassion and generosity with the support of the IDEX foundation. And we have delivered for our owners, producing total shareholder return of greater than 530%. For me personally, I'm excited for a new phase of life that brings along new challenges and opportunities for me and my family. I'm going to become Chairman, CEO, and an owner of Madison Industries, one of the world's largest private companies. This new opportunity offers a chance to build another great organization and make positive change in the world over a very long horizon. I am confident now is the right time to pass the torch and welcome IDEX's next generation of leadership. On a personal note, Eric has been a true partner and a dear friend to me. And, I'm confident that this transition to CEO will be seamless for our Company, employees and all of our stakeholders. As this is my last earnings call, I want to say how grateful I am to have worked alongside our incredibly talented team, the last 12 years. It has been an honor to serve as Chairman and CEO, and to be part of a Company like IDEX. I also want to thank all of our investors and analysts on the phone, who are with us today for the support through the years. The future of IDEX is very bright. We have reached new levels of industry leadership and sustained value creation and we will do so again under, Eric as our CEO. As Mike, mentioned, Eric is joining Bill and I for the earnings call. Bill and I will walk through our assessment and analysis and view of the future as we normally do. We'll then turn to Q&A and Eric will join the conversation and talk about the future. I'll now turn to our results for the third quarter. We continue to see a strong sequential rebound in orders, with September 2020, topping the same month last year. That's a good sign. I want to thank all of our people around the globe, who've risen to the occasion. And a year no one could have predicted, our people continued to shine. So to all of the IDEX team members listening on this call, thank you. A time like this truly tests the culture of the Company. Are you rooted in strong values that people really live and believe? If so, you will be better prepared to survive and even thrive. IDEX is this kind of company and it's serving us well. Because of the protocols we've put in place, the disruptions we've seen in our operations have been limited. We have protected our people within the workplace and we will do so even if the COVID trends are moving in the wrong way. We continue to focus on solving our customers' greatest challenges, many of which have shifted this year. That has reinforced the need to stay close to our customers even when we have to remain socially distanced to understand their needs. Bill will walk through the details shortly, but as you've seen, our organic sales are down 12% year-over-year falling at the better end of our predicted range. Importantly, organic orders were down only 5% and continued to improve sequentially, a trend that is continuing in October. Been a diversified company helps a great deal in times like these, while certain sectors like energy continue to struggle, other aspects of the economy are booming. This diversity gives us strength, limiting our exposure to any one sector. The financial controls we put in place early continue to serve us well. We are delivering strong profitability and exceptional cash flow as we have pivot to growth, we have ramped up our capital spending and investment to support some really exciting initiatives. We've also seen activity in the M&A market start to pick up. While those pillars of safety, business continuity and liquidity, are also part of our pandemic operating focus, it is time to aggressively play offense. I'm turning to Slide 7. That increased focus on playing offense has us involved in some exciting new opportunities. A variety of our businesses are producing new solutions for cleaning and disinfecting public spaces. One shine example is a sprayer, that uses electrostatically charged particles to envelope a surface, not just hit the side base in sprayer. We anticipate solutions like this will continue to be in demand, not just during this pandemic but for years to come as public demand for cleaning and disinfection will be forever changed by this period of time. We also have an exciting new opportunity to partner with customers to develop a highly accurate point of care solution for diagnostic testing for COVID-19. Our IDEX Health & Science team is hard at work ramping up. With public health experts increasingly predicting that the coronavirus will be like influenza, remain in circulation even after vaccines are widely available, we anticipate this will be a significant new program for our Company for the foreseeable future. I'll share more about that in a moment. We also continue to see machines used in production of pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Insourcing critical API manufacturing is a key initiative for several countries, and last quarter, we shared our microfluidizer processors are key technology for manufacturing vaccine adjuvants. Vaccine adjuvants are immune stimulators added to many vaccines commonly used today. By using the adjuvant in a vaccine, the body can often produce a better immune response to the antigen, while also allowing vaccine manufacturers to be able to produce more doses of vaccine with less antigen. Our team was excited to recently deliver machines for use in producing advanced supplies of one of the leading vaccines in testing today. We are also working actively with other vaccine manufacturers as the world prepares for an unprecedented race for production and distribution of this critical piece of the puzzle for solving the COVID-19 crisis. I'm moving to Slide 8. In Health & Science, our products are being used to help and enable rapid highly accurate testing of COVID-19. Our things microfluidic cartridges are a key technology used to diagnose COVID-19 infection in the point of care molecular market, which allows testing to be done near the patient versus being sent to a laboratory. Our technology-enabled demilitarization of complex laboratory workflows, by integrating pumps, valves, sample, reagent management and signal detection, in order to provide a simple workflow for the operator of the instrument. This instrument operator only needs to add the patient sample to the cartridge, insert it in the instrument and then push a button to run the test. Our microfluidics capabilities allow for high volume production and consistent repeatable results that are needed to combat COVID-19. In addition, H&S has optical filters and several diagnostic instruments that are used for COVID-19 testing. We provide various footer components designed in, in vitro diagnostic instruments used for COVID-19. We have the gassers, pumps, manifolds and fluidic connections in these IVD instruments that typically analyze blood samples. We also have both optics and fluidics assemblies and next-generation DNA sequencers being used to analyze COVID-19 to better understand the virus and track it spread. I'm proud of how our businesses have answered the call over the past two quarters and work closely with our customers to innovate and deliver critical solutions to the marketplace. Alright, I'm moving to Slide 9. We provide an update on the state of our primary end markets. We saw sequential improvement in most of our end markets with some of our more challenged markets including auto and dispensing recovering faster than we anticipated. In fluid metering, the broader industrial softness and the volatility in oil and gas has continued though we did see a pickup in daily order rates in the month of September, which provides optimism as we close out the year and we head into 2021. Significant capital investment by our customers continues to be on hold and in a broader market recovery and reduction in global economic uncertainty. Our water business has continued to show resiliency impacted only by timing delays in some municipal projects. As we called out last quarter, agriculture has performed well, it's growing optimism and investment held up in the quarter. In Health & Science, semicon has continued to outpace our expectations and was strong sequentially and year-over-year. Our sealing business recovered nicely in the quarter through the resumption of activity in the auto market. Additionally, the product innovations, I discussed earlier helped generate positive momentum for us in multiple end markets including industrial. On the other side, analytical instrumentation and some aspects of VD/BIO, we continue to see that as medical industry is focused on COVID-19, other investments in lab equipment were delayed and we've not yet seen the activity materially pickup. Moving to Fire & Safety and Diversified. We saw sequential improvement in most of our markets. Recovery in auto and retail are big stories driving a rebound in our BAND-IT and Dispensing businesses. Fire rescue continued to see strong performance, but we have been impacted by production delays at OEMs pushing projects out and extending lead times for municipal deliveries. Backlog in these businesses continue to be strong and we're working closely with our customers to monitor delivery schedules and assess the impact of COVID-19 on future year municipal budgets. Previously funded projects continue to go and demand for our new products in these businesses has been strong. We are overall optimistic about the market recovery we've seen in the third quarter and continue to believe that the diversified nature of our businesses has helped mitigate the impact of the global economic decline. Our dedication to our customers and ability to respond and innovate quickly has continued to generate momentum for us to combat market declines. As we head into the fourth quarter, we expect to see a pickup in order rates, particularly in our day rate businesses, as an indicator of further recovery. Okay. I'm moving to Slide 10. I want to provide some additional context to the organic order trends we've seen over the past two quarters. We saw a broad rebound in order rates in the third quarter, recovering from organic declines and as much as 23% in the second quarter. To organic growth in the month of September, all of our segments participated in this trend. FMT organic orders improved each month, driven by strength to agriculture and stabilization and industrial, as well as a slight pickup in energy. HST was driven by a recovery in the auto market and targeted new product initiatives, as well as the positive momentum in semicon and pharma that I mentioned earlier. Finally, Diversified's organic orders saw dramatic improvements at BAND-IT and Dispensing, as auto and aerospace businesses open back up and capital spending returned in the paint markets. On top of the year-over-year improvements, we also experienced sequential increases with FMT up 12% HST, up 6% and FSD up 11% versus the second quarter. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results for the quarter.
Bill Grogan: Thanks Andy. I'll start with our consolidated financial results on Slide 12. Q3 orders of $570 million were down 3% overall and 5% organically. As Andy just mentioned, we saw a broad bounce back in order rates across our businesses and monthly sequential improvement in organic order rates throughout the quarter. Third quarter sales of $581 million were down 7% overall and down 12% organically. Industrial energy markets remain challenged in the quarter and one of the main contributors of the organic declines. As mentioned before, we saw recovery in the auto and dispensing markets as well as continued strength in semi and pharma to help to offset those headwinds, coupled with the benefit of new applications and innovations we have made in response to COVID-19. We're able to drive organic sales to the top end of our previous estimates. Q3 adjusted gross margin declined 190 basis points to 43.3%, primarily driven by lower volume, the dilutive impact of acquisitions and business mix, partially offset by price and the continued impact of cost control actions we have taken. Gross margin was up 70 basis points sequentially versus the second quarter. Third quarter adjusted operating margin was 23.1%, down 210 basis points from the prior year mainly driven by lower volume leverage and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by the restructuring actions and discretionary cost controls. We also saw sequential improvement in op margin increasing 200 basis points from Q2. Our Q3 effective tax rate was 14.4%, which was lower than the 18.6% in the prior year due to discrete benefits associated with the recent changes to the global intangible low tax income regulations. This was a multi-year true-up going back to the start of tax reform and we only have a minor benefit on a rate going forward. Third quarter adjusted net income was $106 million resulting in an adjusted EPS of $1.40 down $0.12 or 8% compared to prior-year EPS. When compared to our second quarter year-to-date tax rate, the reduced ETR increased adjusted EPS by approximately $0.11 in the quarter. Finally, free cash flow was $135 million for the quarter, down 7% compared to the prior year and was 128% of net income, a conversion rate higher than last year. The strong performance was a result of a significant focus and discipline on working capital management. The teams continue to drive our DSO lower and improve our past due rate as well as increase our inventory turns. We continue to demonstrate our ability to drive cash flow conversion in excess of net income. Moving on to Slide 13. As we discussed in our previous earnings call, we continue to take the necessary steps to manage cost and mitigate the significant impact of reduced volume. Our adjusted operating income declined $23 million in the quarter, with organic sales down $75 million, we would have expected a negative impact on operating income of approximately $45 million at roughly 60% contribution margin. This $45 million was offset by $25 million of executed operational initiatives, $7 million from the impact of restructuring actions taken in Q4 of last year and the second quarter of this year, $13 million of discretionary cost control items and $5 million of price and net productivity that was partially offset by $6 million of negative product and business mix primarily associated with FMT. The $13 million of discretionary cost actions in the quarter was lower compared to the $15 million we referenced last quarter, primarily due to modest increases in spend to support and service our customers, as well as some targeted investments we made in growth initiatives. Overall, our teams continue to do an exceptional job of managing costs to mitigate revenue declines. As Andy discussed earlier, we have ensured that we are well-positioned to pivot to offense and continue to invest in initiatives to generate growth in the fourth quarter and beyond. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Andy, to summarize our Q4 expectations and provide some final thoughts.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Bill. I'm on Slide 14 everyone. As I mentioned earlier, we are firmly what I call Phase 3, of the pandemic response, living with the virus. I'm proud of how our teams have adapted and innovated in this environment, our teams have embraced our mission and our values and have been diligent executing our COVID-19 playbook. We maintain optimism to the market recovery we've experienced will continue and we've seen the benefit of the proactive steps we took at the end of last year and throughout the early phases of pandemic, positioning IDEX to remain strong, while taking advantage of new opportunities. We expect revenue in the fourth quarter will be down between 3% and 5% organically based on our current backlog position and expected daily order rates. We are in close contact with our customer base and we continue to look for signs of confidence and capital spending, that will be the catalyst for sustained recovery. We continue to make strategic investments in our business, just for further long-term growth, we remain disciplined in our efforts to manage costs. To conclude, this quarter was a great display of the strength of the IDEX business model. From the resiliency of our base business to our ability to respond to challenges quickly and deliver innovative solutions to our customers. I continue to remain optimistic about our prospects to come and think about coming out of this crisis even stronger than when we entered it with new opportunities for growth on the horizon. With that let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: First question would be for Eric, and look no one should be surprised that you were picked to take the helm based upon your role as COO for a number of years and most recently as President. So you've had the opportunity to be part of the leadership team for a number of years, but you've also had the opportunity to make your own assessment about the opportunities at IDEX. So I'd be really interested in hearing just at the outset? What kinds of changes might you be considering or just at least the areas of focus that you think you would be taking initially? And I'd be remiss if I didn't ask about your commitment to the 80-20 business system? Thank you.
Eric Ashleman: Sure, sure thank you, Deane. It's great to talk with you and great to talk with everybody here. I'm excited to get going. Look I think as we think about focus and priorities, I want to make sure that we all appreciate that this is a story of continuity alongside purposeful evolution. So I have worked for Andy for 12 years, every day he has been part of IDEX. I guess since I'm reported to him.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Eric Ashleman: And for the last five years, I've served as the COO of the company. And so side-by-side, I mean we have been - partners in all the major decisions that we've made along the way that have evolved the company to where we are today and that certainly includes 80-20. I mean that is at the cornerstone of what we call the IDEX difference. And so, maybe less appreciated is the evolution - the organizational evolution that's happened alongside all of that. So in these five years, I mean, we've been very, very deliberate to work on developing other voices that are now part of the senior team and have been. Frankly, our group executives joined our senior team over a year ago. I look down the table here at Bill. Bill was my original operating partner in finance. So this is a team effort, it has been a team effort. And so, the strategy that's in my head is the same one that we've been working on all these years. Now that being said look that the world is definitely in a dynamic spot now. There is a pandemic in front of us. There is things like digitalization that are happening all over the place. And we've got a thing or things like aggressive capital deployment and how we're going to work all of that in this environment. So those priorities were here before this day, they remain very firmly in front of me as we go forward. And I absolutely - I'm an advocate of 80-20. It's a way of thinking as much as it's a part of the operating model.
Deane Dray: That's great to hear. And just second question would be more along the lines of the issues at hand. And I'm especially interested in getting some more color around these COVID business products and service opportunities. I know you've sized it at $25 million to $100 million, and maybe you can give us some additional color about the potential time to revenue and will this all be organic in terms of the investment, might there be any JVs acquisitions along the way, but if you can start with time to revenue? Thanks.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, sure, sure. So look, there is multiple phases. I mean this is no doubt a dynamic world. I mean this - most of these applications didn't exist in our minds sooner than March of this year. So we have some elements and components that are - that they're moving now. They're part of the fight today. They are embedded in our sales numbers that you're looking at. I would say that the bulk of the opportunities and some of the things that we talked about here today. They're a little further out, they are compressed development cycles. They are very, very active now. And we would see a lot of them starting to get some initial market traction in early 2021, but some very, very important milestones along the way that we're working with different partners and customers to bring those to bear. They are organic in nature now, certainly as things continue to develop and evolve that inorganic opportunities to make them bigger and more impactful would be something we would absolutely consider.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Halloran with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Eric, congratulations very well deserved. Andy, it's been a good decade. I'll miss working with you. It's been a pleasure.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Mike.
Mike Halloran: You're going to do awesome at Madison obviously, but we'll miss you here. Eric will be a great replacement, but we'll definitely miss you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks.
Mike Halloran: So thanks for everything, over the years. So with that first question, I know - the partial answer to this, but just want to confirm, with Eric you're taking over. I'm guessing the willingness desire and ability to push forward on the M&A strategy doesn't really change. So just confirm that and given the thoughts on how you're thinking about the funnel as we sit here today actionability and ability to convert?
Eric Ashleman: Yes well, absolutely. The focus remains very, very high on that front. I mean ultimately IDEX was built that way through acquisition. So, I think as the pandemic unfolded obviously, things froze up in the early days. We've seen things free up now. The process as you might imagine is quite different. I mean we're - none of us are in airplanes. We're doing a lot of it remotely and virtually, but we've adopted just as we've adapted our businesses in that way. And I think as we look forward, this is an area of huge focus for our team, the group executive is one of the big reasons we brought them onto our senior team and so, frankly we could get more hands on the opportunity itself. And so, we're looking aggressively. I think, we're looking for properties that are - they've got to be good IDEX businesses, that's something that we're always going to keep firmly in our sites that you could imagine in times like this that. This is a complex operating environment and businesses that might not be able to handle it quite, as well, but are very, very differentiated would be something that we think we could bring a lot of value to. And so, we're considering that as an extension of sort of our normal course and the normal filters that we use as we think about businesses we'd like to own. But I can assure you it absolutely remains a fundamental piece of the day and a priority for us.
Mike Halloran: And secondarily, good to see the sequential trends continuing to October here, maybe some initial thoughts on next year and how you're handicapping things internally. Obviously one of IDEX's mantras is to be able to adjust and adapt to whatever the environment looks like, but how are you thinking about linearity trends in the next year and any kind of thoughts along those lines at this point?
Andy Silvernail: Yes Mike, maybe I'll just touch on it first and then let Eric go deeper on it. So really no real difference from how we thought about it last quarter. If you look at the sequential improvement that we've seen go back from second quarter - first quarter, third quarter - second quarter, third quarter and that's sequential gain and we're now in that 3% to 5% down. The last really tough comp will be Q1 of next year. And I think we'll know a lot more going into that quarter, but I will say going into the fourth quarter. We always look at the backlog load and that gives us a confidence level and we are at the higher end of our normal backlog load going into the quarter. That's a really good sign it gives a lot of work around that 3% to 5% organic. First quarter will be a tough comp and then, but if you keep thinking about the sequentials. And you think about that acceleration that puts us in a good spot for the entire year as you think about it. I know Eric, you put a lot of thought into this as we are prepping for our budgets and going through a strat plan.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, yes. And absolutely, Mike you know as well. I mean, we stay agile and reactive along the way that always serves us well. So as we think about the variability that's still in front of us at least in the next quarter or two till we get a handle on where the pandemic is going to go. I mean we've set up an operating cadence that allows us to course-correct and adjusts really, really well. And so, I mean a good example of that you can see in our opening comments. I mean we've got - we've taken the structural actions where we need to really fast. In fact, we took some of them even before the pandemic first showed up in the early spring. And at the same time, we've been able to rally and pivot resources around the opportunities that we outlined as we talked about fighting the pandemic. That's the way we do business and it works equally well for things on the downside because of more variability or opportunities that are accelerated and in front of us even sooner. And so that's how we're going to run the company and follow that course.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Congrats Eric, and echo everybody's comments Andy it's hard to see you go, but best of luck there.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Allison Poliniak: Just kind of reflecting back over your tenure, Andy, as you had this vision for IDEX when you first took the helm, how far off has it been veered off of that vision, obviously very successful still. And then also what surprised you over the years most with the enterprise as you went through that tenure?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I guess, Allison you're asking that question a good time, you can imagine I'm pretty reflective right now about everything we've done together. I think that the early kernels, I'll remember back and the folks from IDEX who are listening to this call, they'll remember. We had - our global leadership meeting in March of 2012. And when you look at what Eric, just referred to is what we internally call the IDEX difference which is around great teams 80-20, and obsessive focus on the customer. We started laying those kernels out then. And from there, they grew and what you found was that is that kernel grew and you dug in deeper. You saw that the levers that really matter are actually very few. When you get right down to it, the levers that matter are very few. And Eric and I have had about 10,000 conversations over the years in offices, in airplanes, in conference rooms at each other's houses, talking about how to make that real and talking about how do you get these big concepts that sound like frankly stupid corporate speak down to the people, who actually do the work. And that's where we've dug in really deep. And so, the levers that matter, the first thing is, do you have a mission that people care about, right, did the people actually care about the work that they're doing and how they're impacting the world. And when you get a compelling mission, it aligns everybody really quickly. Second is, do you have good businesses or bad businesses. I've been in good businesses and I've been bad businesses and Eric I know, I've been in some pretty bad ones too. And those are - those are instructive, right, because bad businesses you spend a lot of time on problems that you can absolutely frankly never fix. And so position yourself into good businesses and that means acquisition and it also means that approach to 80-20 all along because within any business, there are - there is a great business and there is bad business and you got to work through that on a constant basis. And you got to move resources, right. You got to move resources to the things that matter most, where profits really exist, where you have a differentiated position. The last - the next one is great teams. One of the interesting things about IDEX, we have 45 businesses, we have 45 corner offices, and we've seen time and again when you put a great leader in, it is like a light switch. It's not slow, it's fast, how - what they do with the business, and if you combine that great leader and leadership team with a great business, there is a magic that happens there that is just incredible. And then I'd say the last thing is process discipline. And if you think about this as an exponential equation, right, and you bring process discipline to bear for us that happens to be the elements of the IDEX difference, that really is the formula or the equation that Eric and I and the team have been putting together for years and years and years. Yes, Allison, in terms of some of the learnings, they all go into those buckets. If I could go back in time and pull and change a couple of things. Look, there have been times when I moved to slow with leaders who weren't getting it done and I've learned that you can't do that, right. People either buy-in or they don't. It's very hard to convince somebody that they should do something that they are opposed to out of the gates. And so you got to get people who are excited and you got to ride those horses. Asset choices, look, I really do believe that in this next phase of life and Eric is incredibly well-positioned to do this. Acquisitions are going to matter a lot and we've made some really good asset choices, we made a couple of bad ones. And again, kind of like choosing good and bad. When you choose bad, it hurts, and when you choose. Good. It's amazing what they do. And I'll just - I'll reference, one the first business we bought - that I bought is part of IDEX was PPE and that was in 2010, I wasn't CEO yet and it's a little business in England and what you saw there was for all the elements of what makes IDEX special, and we've gone from that little business in England to $300 million platform, that is just an incredible part of our business. That's the model that I think we need to follow here going forward. And so, Allison, I appreciate the question, it definitely is a reflective time.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thanks for the perspective. And just turning to the comment around sort of living with the virus makes sense, is that reflected in sort of your current order trends that you're seeing from customers, we're just seeing Germany going back into a lockdown here, just trying to - I guess better understand how you're thinking about that potential volatility here with the resurgence happening at this point?
Eric Ashleman: Well, I'll take that one, Allison. So look I think ever since the pandemic started here. I mean, we've seen that volatility enter our order book and we're always going to have two ways that we delineated, we've got kind of that every day replenishment cycle that happens in a lot of our component businesses. And then honestly, as long as the system is on states pretty constant. And so, irrespective of border closings and other things, it generally has held up pretty well, what tends to move on us is, are a little bit more project-intensive businesses, larger unit of - units of measure and they're very much affected by the view of the world around us. So I think as we see this, no doubt. I think this next wave will be different than the one we saw in March, because everybody kind of recognizes the economic consequence of that and everybody has done a better job of tooling the organizations up to be able to live with it and coexist with it. So we're expecting more volatility as the cases go up, but I don't see that it should knock us off the trend path that we're on, as we just continue to live with it. And that goes for IDEX that goes for any other business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Yes, I echo everyone's comment and congrats to everyone. So a question on the COVID-19 opportunities you've identified, the 25 to 100. I assume that's kind of an ongoing run rate you're looking for I guess organically what sort of spend that is associated with going out to get that revenue and what sort of defines the high and low-end of that range?
Andy Silvernail: So maybe I'll take a first shot at that. I would say, we've made some initial investments in the quarter from an investment perspective as we worked with our customers to get some of these things and get some traction on early development. Obviously, we've invested in some capital to support some initiatives relative to tooling, some of these opportunities relative that range could be sizable. Obviously, we've got multiple partners with each of the applications, all the volatility we've talked about, who is ultimately going to end up winning is one factor, and then two, the commercial viability of whoever wins in the marketplace will also be another variable. So that's why it's a wide range for now, obviously, Eric highlighted, we were spending a ton of time on these initiatives across several different businesses. And I think we want more visibility coming out of the year and early first quarter, and be able to size that up a little bit better for you when we talk about 2021.
Matt Summerville: And then maybe just another just quick question on M&A, would you say in the last 90 days or so. The actionability in the pipeline - the actionability in the funnel is actually getting better and what are you seeing from a multiple standpoint?
Andy Silvernail: That was certainly the actionability I think is quite a bit better. I think everybody has found a way to actually do the work in a remote way. In many ways, everybody else is kind of get their head around the fact that this is going to be with us for a while and yet things are going to continue and businesses going to go on, all of that helps. And then of course, there is things - it seems like, there is ample liquidity as well, for certainly for us and for others. So the actionability is high, the process is slightly different. I would say on the valuation. There is not a lot of change. It's high. It's high and I think it's a long-term view and certainly for the businesses that we're going to be attracted to, they have tremendous long-term potential. And so those out years if anything we're looking at, we're anticipating are going to be strong and the sellers have a firm belief that that's the case as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Congratulations on the new role, Eric. And Andy, congratulations on pretty phenomenal 10-year run here. It's been my pleasure and privilege to work with you and get to know you over that time. So I'd like to wish you and your family all the best>
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Just getting on to a few questions here on maybe some of the red dots on the end markets, energy and the analytical instrumentation. Just like to get your thoughts on the potential timing of recovery there. I mean, energy is probably a little bit longer than the analytical instrumentation side. But I think, Andy, you talked about focus on the vaccine taking away from - maybe some sales there, it looks like maybe we're getting towards a point where our vaccine is going to be out and available and production facilities will be put in place and maybe some of that focus moves around. So just any thoughts you have on timing of recovery in both of those businesses.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. I'll touch on it first and let Eric, kind of go from there. The interesting thing is both, Eric and I were group executives in charge of that business at one point. So we won't know it really well. Look, I think what you're seeing here is, counterintuitive to what's happening in that marketplace, right. Because if you look at analytical instrumentation, one would think that immediately because there are health-related issues that it should be growing. The reality is that a lot of the stuff that happens in that big AI space is being pushed away right now because priorities are going over to other spend. It's very much our expectation that as we get into. I don't think any later than the mid-point next year, that starts to improve. And so obviously, we had a lot of confidence. It's a really good business for us. So Eric, your thoughts?
Eric Ashleman: Yes, it's certainly the same thing. And then of course there is a consumables dynamic there, that's kind of out ahead of us. We're generally making the componentry for the equipment, so even if things recover, there is a little bit of a lag there as you go through a consumable stream and then into the actual devices themselves. But I agree with that.
Nathan Jones: Any comments on the energy market and the potential pace of recovery there?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. Well, on the energy side, of course, as you know, we tend to be more downstream and associated with things like custody transfer and mobile applications. And so, less resilient - or less tied to the wellhead in places like that. And so I think ultimately, we've seen a little bit of improvement here now. I mean obviously that that took a hard hit initially and some of this is probably pent up demand that's coming back, but I think it's going to be a while, it's going to be a while for the energy markets to kind of sort themselves out often when you get it down to where we do business. It depends on things like building trucks for mobile fleets that actually do the work of custody transfer. And so those are the kind of decisions that have to be made, the confidence that has to be there, but certainly we're much happier to be a little further down the stream than up in the front of it.
Nathan Jones: And given top - sorry, go ahead.
Eric Ashleman: So Nathan, the only thing I'd add is we talked about specific initiatives, we had an energy relative to lock last year that was a huge initiative for us. Obviously, that business this year has seen significant contraction, which is I think weighing on FMT a lot more than we had expected coming into the year. So just as folks will poke around a little bit on why FMT's margins and volumes are down a little bit more with a run rate business improving that was fairly large for that group,
Andy Silvernail: Well, and that of course has a political question associated with it as well.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, exactly.
Nathan Jones: Is vehicle miles traveled really the best indicator we can look at for the energy business?
Andy Silvernail: Let me jump in, on that one. One of the problems is kind of big macro things is we actually do business in a lot of the micro areas. And so, if you're going to make a big energy call, of course, that's going to influence us. But if you think about our business, we're at the micro level.
Nathan Jones: Do you feel like the cost structure in those businesses that is struggling the most is aligned with demand now, are they targeted cost actions that you can, that you can take you?
Andy Silvernail: So like we're taking the opportunity now to make some of those actions. We opened up a factory down in Oklahoma actually ahead of the pandemic, it's been a big assist to us. I mean, we intentionally built that with some extra floor space for any potential and we're leveraging that now, we're doing some structural work around the footprint of the Company, because I think this is a good time to think about sort of taking - taking a down situation and creating competitive advantage out of it. And by moving some of the structure around the way we are, it actually allows us to augment or increase some of the innovative potential we have in a business, while at the same time doing the right things and just base administration. And so we're - yes, we're, we're pretty active efforts underway in this area right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Graham with Rosenblatt Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: I thought I was surprised when Larry resigned. And you took over Andy. This is double that, but for sure, you've had an amazing run here to say that you've had a good run is an understatement, great value creation, you and Eric are a terrific team. So, congrats to you, Andy. And, Eric anyone that knows you, knows that you're up for the challenge. So I love your line about this being a story of continuity. So thanks for the last nine years, Andy, and Eric look forward to the next 10 with you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Scott.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Graham: This is maybe more of - the first question is maybe more of a question for Bill the more - who's I'm certain is more of a mathematician than me, but could you walk us through the organic flowthrough of 37 and then the total flowthrough was 53 on the, on the operating income walk. I'm - I guess I'm having a little trouble, mass challenge that I can be on how we get there on $3 million of sale - $3 million of income, but maybe I'm just not understanding it.
Bill Grogan: Yes. So maybe we'll start with that, so on the acquisition and FX piece that's $3 million of income on roughly $30 million of sales. So only a 10% contribution from that aspect, which is extremely dilutive to the overall margin. So when you exclude that, and you just look at our core business like-for-like last year versus this year, right, the cost actions, the things we've done within our core business materially reduce the organic flow through to from what we'd expect of 60% down to less than 40%.
Scott Graham: That makes a lot of sense. So next question is same for you again here, Bill, what is the $13 million of discretionary look like in the fourth quarter and then sort of what are you looking at as sort of the reversals for next year with sales now starting to get better?
Bill Grogan: Yes. I mean, we targeted once we get back to normal run rate levels. Obviously, discretionary expense relative to doing business post-COVID will be different but adding back about two-thirds of that on a consistent basis going forward. Yes, we ramped up our spend slightly in the third quarter probably up slightly again here in the fourth quarter with increased volumes. So-- although the network from all the way back if you're doing modeling I'd assume roughly 80% of that cost coming back on a longer-term basis.
Scott Graham: One other question, if I may, the $25 million to $100 million range, which we've all been talking about. I didn't hear you say kind of where you are on that spectrum right now, I can see how really, you're focused on the areas that really are kind of for keeps areas. So that does become a part of the organic, but where are you on that curve?
Bill Grogan: Well, with revenue year-to-date, obviously we're on - we're below the low and that's full-year run rate on an annualized basis. So we've got some wins that we started to experience obviously, in the first half of the year that have continued on here in Q4. I think some of the items that will ramp us to the top end of the range are things again we won't have full visibility here until we get into 2021.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. And just to think about what those triggers are right. So some of them, as Bill said they're already there. We're already winning, it's already in the base business, so to speak, right. You'll - you won't lap that till the second half of next year for the most part. And then you've got some big digital events, right. So the work we're doing on COVID testing, the work we're doing on vaccines. As I said, last quarter, if those go in the right direction for us, they are huge wins and we'll get to the top end of the range fast, but if they don't, they're not there. So I caution anyone to build those into your models. The top end of that range until we have the know of whether we're aligned with wins and whether that has momentum.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: First, yes, congrats to Andy, appreciate all the years of insight and best of luck to Eric. Wanted to come back to the order trends, the improvement is encouraging, were you able to spike out how much of that improvement was market versus share gain. And I imagine you had some of the COVID opportunity wins in September, October orders, any color you could give us there?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So look, I think from a big piece of that is general market recovery, because so much of what we do at IDEX is a broad basket across a wide variety of industries. But no doubt, when we can see and isolate the places where we know we're winning share one of which we talked about here in the COVID story chapter in terms of some components that we already have placed that are helping that fight. But I would say the bulk of what you're seeing here in the near term is for sequential recovery of industrial markets that we participate in.
Brett Linzey: And then, just wanted to shift back to the comments on the muni budgets and some of the work you're doing there. Do you expect a lagged effect into next year, is the backlogs get monetized they need to replenish? And just curious what you know - what some of that work that you're doing on budgets in those particular businesses is informing about the outlook there next year?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I would say, I mean, there is always a little bit of a lagging element in the municipal markets, and it's not - it's not ubiquitous you have some towns and municipalities that are pretty aggressive, and they are thinking through now the consequences and the actions. In some cases, that actually accelerate some work, if they're trying to spend money that they have available. I'd say the bulk of most of the market that we're interfacing with is stucked in the same variability that we are and are trying to imagine what could be in front of them as we go into 2021. Open questions of - in the case of the US Federal support, and whether or not, it comes or doesn't. So I think there is going to be a lagging element there that we're thinking about, but I - we're very close to our customers. We kind of do this town by town, jurisdiction by state province and municipality. And so for us it ultimately turns into a series of pins on a map, a bunch of discrete discussions that generally sum up the way I've described it, but we navigate through that field of opportunity as we go.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Andy, thanks for the reflections on a great run, it was wonderful distillation and Eric, on the comments and continuity and evolution. And I'd like to - if I can encourage us a little bit more of that, really my question is, given all that you and the organization has done with margins with the success of 80-20 and how margins have come up, it does seem like you can add more value to pools of capital you acquire versus what you might have expected seven or ten years ago. And so, does that mean that acquisitions could have a larger role in the future? Eric, you touched on this briefly. And then do you have specific sort of changes you're making to the organization to push that along, if so? Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, sure. I appreciate the nature of the question, I'll take it. Yes to both questions. So as we become more evolved internally and better understood, frankly the impact of all of the work that we've done around 80-20 and the IDEX difference and we've seen us apply it to our own businesses and things that we've acquired along the way, it makes us more confidence about what we can do on the outside world. And so we've been very, very purposely thinking about that, we've built it into the modeling that we do as wherever - as we're looking at IDEX like businesses on the outside. And again, from an organizational perspective, a lot of the work that certainly I've been working on in the last few years is to get a number of leaders ready to begin to spend a significant amount of their time on this work. So we're doing that in the background. And then, I think going forward, look, as we said earlier, the valuations are high. Our discipline remains very, very tight and focused. And so, we're going to have to - we're going to have to spend the time beating the bushes to find these kind of opportunities, get them in front of us and analyze them thoroughly and that's going to take some resources as well. So one of the things we're thinking about as the world improves and things lever up is making some purposeful investments to support the continued evolution of this work and keeping at a very high priority.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. That's a helpful answer. Thank you. And then just if I can just add on one small one on the back of it. I mean do you expect as you do all that you'll have a consistent cadence on acquisitions and flow or - you're obviously not - you're still relatively small and can be opportunistic, you're thinking it can study out a bit or is that not in that part of the goal and just take opportunities where they come? And I'll stop. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Well, I mean - I think there's always been a little bit of a sine wave at least in the time that I've been here, it seems like wins break. And it tends to come in clumps and so I think I think we're prepared to have it continue that way. I mean, we think about resourcing in a way that would support it. And so maybe intensively level loading, it wouldn't be something that we would do as a purposeful way to sort of balance things out because what it might do is actually causes to think about opportunities in a different way than we actually should. So I think there still be a little bit of kind of time-to-time some clustering that we will see, but we set up the organization and we certainly have the capital resources to be able to handle it that way.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Giordano with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Giordano: Good afternoon, and congrats to Andy and Eric, both on their opportunities. So best of luck to you both.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks.
Joe Giordano: Yes. I wanted to just hear your comments on backlog going into the fourth quarter kind of at the higher end of what it normally might look like and I think, Allison touched on this earlier, but are you calculating haircutting a little bit with what you're saying or at least internally how you're talking to your people in terms of budgeting about just some of the stuff you're seeing over the last week and country starting to shut down, like how are you thinking about deployment of growth capital and things like that near term with some of these kind of more recent developments?
Eric Ashleman: Well, so, look, I think we have a general approach here that is very agile, very reactive. And to be honest, what we're going through and what we're seeing here now, we planned for this back in March. I mean as soon as people started to recognize that there would likely be a second wave of the call. We built that into our thinking so the fact that we are in it now yes, that we're very cautious about the variability that's out there. We're super hesitant and unless we have to do it to put in kind of fixed cost back into the business given this environment. So let's treat it variably if we can, but I have to say that while it's certainly concerning for all of us as citizens in many ways, we sort of set this up as a planned event. We thought it would be here. It is here and we're going to stay as variable and agile as we can as we go through it.
Joe Giordano: And Eric, you're taking over an organization that's in a really good spot and if you can replicate what's happened over the last 10 years, I think you'd be pretty happy with it. But just curious you're taking over an organization that's still then is like twice the size in terms of revenue as when Andy did. So, what kind of different things you have to think about just given the size of the organization and what's happened over the last decade?
Eric Ashleman: Yes no, thanks. Well certainly, I mean this is a well-positioned company in a great spot. I will take that. I know it presents opportunities along the way, the bar is high and we need to continue to raise it. But I'm very, very thankful that it's in the state that it is now. That being said, as we go forward, there's things that we've talked about. We're certainly more of a global company today than we were even back when Andy joined. I think that even the things we think of acquiring and we have acquired the unit of measure is a little larger. We know the story that Andy talked about with our sealing business, we've done the work to integrate that and bring it together with other like businesses. And that will no doubt continue to be a chapter for us as we go forward. And that's - complex work that takes certain skill sets that we've been building for. So, as I said in the very beginning, I see an awful lot of continuity at play here to keep this company in a great position and take it forward. But there are those little nuances along the way that I think are appropriate that we have in mind that are going to take it to the next level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: So first off, where you guys had - the commentary is very interesting on the HST segment with the $25 million to $100 million opportunity. So how do we - I hesitate to - like you said, put that in the model at this point, but I guess what are some headlines, or what should we be tracking to see if the likelihood of this is going forward? Or is it something that we cannot know you guys would have to know internally and wait for another update?
Eric Ashleman: Well look, I think there is - a few environmental things that we can all track. This is - we're making an assumption here that as Andy said in the beginning that we're going to co-exist with this virus for quite a while. So even the vaccines that are planned to be here, we're anticipating that they're not going to going to wipe out necessarily the virus that's out there and there's going to be a continual need for testing of this type. So I think - all of us tracking that the requirements, the necessary nature of the kind of work that we're doing on both fronts is an environmental factor that would support this. But they're very specific, I mean these are - this is really specific technology science and commercial adoption that has to happen here. And as Bill said, I think certainly we'll give you an indication along the way when we reach different milestones and it's starting to find its way into our sales stream - order and sales stream. So, I think there is a slight environmental component, but a lot of it is very specific for us.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes, okay. Okay and with regard to the orders in the quarter. So that - it's nice to see those trending in the right direction exiting the quarter, where orders in any specific segment surprising to you throughout the quarter and how they trended specifically FMT - I'm curious, how that trended each month, and does there seems to be the laggard here obviously important segment to the story?
Bill Grogan: Yes and I would say - Andy referred to it, we saw improvement across all three segments obviously FMT is lagging a little bit relative to the end-market exposures, but the pickup we saw on a month-to-month basis was pretty close linearly to how we performed overall.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andrew Silvernail for closing comments.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, thank you very much. Look, I do have a few closing comments. One, just around the business, as a whole and two just a few thank you's that I'd like to set out and then I'll turn it over to Eric - to wrap it up. So, look as I exit this company. Yes, I appreciate the position that we're in and the quality of this business. It is an awesome business, as I answered, Allison's question and I walked through those four things: quality of business, matters an awful lot and mission matters an awful lot. And we're in a great spot. Second, we've got positive momentum frankly I would never have made the decision to leave IDEX, if we were in the spot. We had been in at the end of the first quarter and the second quarter and it gives me great confidence. And as long as I'm alive my name is going to be associated with IDEX and I want this company to absolutely blow the doors off and we have really good momentum. And then the last thing is there is a great team. Oftentimes, the investment community focus is on a singular person and it's just never so and under my time as the leader of this company. We've been successful because we've had a great team and Eric has a great team, as we go forward. So, I have a lot of confidence in where this business is going. And just a few thank you's. First, I want to thank everybody at IDEX, as I mentioned before, this is just been a privilege and the highlight of my professional career to work with all of you. I can't tell you how many days, I've gone home and had conversations with my wife and conversations with my kids about the joy to work with the people at IDEX. You're just first rate, there is nobody in the world to hold the candle to you guys and you brought me just incredible joy and I just want to thank you very much. To the investor and the analyst community, everybody on the phone here today and those who might listen, sometimes is a bad rap, that between a company, management and the investment community, that somehow, it's just negative Bs that exist. And for me anyway, it just isn't true. There are a lot of you guys on the phone today, you guys are my friends and you have helped me get better, you've pushed us to get better, you've asked a difficult question. And difficult questions are how you get better and it's one of the things we do it IDEX all the time we asked a difficult question. And part of that comes because you guys ask the difficult question. And it's just been a privilege to work with you. And then just to my friend, Eric excuse me. We have worked together for 12 years, and people think about professional relationship and we obviously have that. But he is also my dear friend and as much as I am glad that I made him better, as a leader. He has made me equally, if not more, better, as a leader. And there is not a better executive in the world I have ever worked with than Eric and this company is in great hands.
Eric Ashleman: Well, thank you very much for that. Thanks very much for that. As we often do we end in a lot of the same summary points. I think this business is really, really well positioned. I couldn't be more excited about where it is now and where it's going to go. This transition is smooth and seamless. We are going to execute this, everybody is leaning forward here and our priority priorities are constant. I just like - feel really, really good here. And that's the first question, I think is the right one. I mean we know it's important. We worked on it together and we're going to continue to legacy and the work that you've done, Andy. Few people, I'd like to thank as well. I'd certainly like to thank all the hardworking folks across IDEX. I'm excited to be continuing the journey with them. I'd like to thank our Board, for their confidence and support. And then I absolutely would like to thank my friend, Andy. It has been an amazing run from that very first day he came to my business in 2009 and introduced himself. And so after a long time, we're transitioning from boss and partner to mentor, and continued friend. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-24 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to IDEX Corporation Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX. Thank you. You may begin.
Mike Yates: Great. Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX second quarter 2020 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three months ending June 30, 2020. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast, can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We’ll begin with Andy providing an overview of IDEX's second quarter performance and addressing the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, as well as the company’s response to date. He will then provide an overview of our primary end markets. Bill will then discuss our second quarter 2020 financial results and walk you through a review of the company’s cost actions, liquidity and financial durability. And finally, Andy will conclude with our current framework for the third quarter and closing remarks. Following these prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID number 13694805, or you may simply log on to our company’s homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin a brief reminder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn this call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Andy Silvernail. Andy?
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike. I want to start by thanking all the people across IDEX. They've really stepped up with the challenges that COVID-19 has presented and have embraced the evolving protocols along the way. As COVID-19 has impacted families globally, we've not been spared loss here at IDEX, and I want to make sure that all of our teams know how proud we are of their contributions. In a crisis, especially one as devastating as this, your true values are exposed and the culture that we've built at IDEX is stronger than ever. We continue to supply our customers with critically enabling products across the globe, meeting their challenging demands, and partnering with them to rapidly support and develop innovative new products to battle COVID-19. I'm going to share one of those examples here in a few minutes. Our businesses continue to deliver during this pandemic. With our internal safety protocols and resilient supply chain, we've been able to deliver products with limited interruptions. When issues have arisen, the teams have been able to react quickly and mitigate the impact on our business and customers. While we have experienced significant sales increases, our balanced end market exposure and mission critical product offerings have limited these declines. The diversification into various life sciences, pharma, and municipal applications have lessened than the more cyclical declines in energy and general industrial end markets. Also, our operating and finance teams across the globe did an excellent job of deleveraging the balance sheet and helping to drive record second quarter free cash flow. We converted at 193% of adjusted net income.  Finally, we’ve continue to be proactive on mitigating the bottom line impact from the historical economic dislocation created by the virus. We've ramped down all non-essential expenses to mitigate our organic decrementals at less than 40%. We're leveraging and restructuring actions that we took in 2019, along with new actions that were required in several of our businesses that we'll see more prolonged volume impacts. As these organizations right size for the new normal, we've increased investments in several other businesses to capitalize on several short-term COVID-19 opportunities, as well as invest in projects that will support our longer-term growth. We've made -- we've made swift and smart decisions to keep our people safe, keep our business moving, and ensure our financial performance making sure that we do everything we can to help win the COVID-19 fight. Turning to slide seven. We outlined four key strategies to operate in the COVID-19 world in early March. Focusing on this framework has been a key part of our ability to perform across our businesses. From a safety perspective, protecting our teams as we remain open has been our priority. The standards we've implemented globally have been effective in keeping operations consistently running with minimal work stoppages across our facilities. We've evolved our protocols and have implemented mandatory face coverings in all of our facilities to protect our employees and limit the spread of COVID-19. As I mentioned earlier, our operations and supply chain team have done an excellent job ensuring business continuity. We continue to improve our operational preparedness and bolster our supply chain with plans to help avoid business disruptions. We anticipate continued volatility in the months ahead, and the dynamic planning support structure we've built should serve our businesses well. Our actions in the second quarter have minimized any concerns we have with liquidity. We issued $500 million of new bonds to pay off our 2020 notes and bolster our cash position. We had record second quarter cash flow, and we have $746 million of cash on our balance sheet and full capacity on our revolver. The efforts of our teams have put us in great financial position, and we have more than enough capital to fund all of our operational needs due to the pandemic as well as position us to take advantage of other capital deployment opportunities. Lastly, our leaders are spending more time playing offense. Our teams continue to innovate and bring new products to market that capture short-term opportunities, but also lever our portfolio to capitalize on longer-term secular trends that are evolving as a result of pandemic, particularly around testing for viruses and antibodies as well as the creation of a vaccine. I would go into more detail on more of those opportunities here in minute. We also see the M&A markets open up with more deals starting to come through. While it's still going to be a challenging year from an M&A perspective, we're more optimistic in our ability to get a deal done than we were 90 days ago. With that update on the status of the COVID-19 playbook, I'd like to spend a few minutes walking you through one of the products that's a critical technology in the mass production of vaccines. I'm on slide eight. In the HST segment, products from our microfluidics product line within our Materials Processing Technologies' business are keys to help bring a vaccine for COVID-19 to market. Our Microfluidizer processors are key technology used to manufacture the vaccine adjuvants required for several of the vaccine trials. Vaccine adjuvants are immune stimulators added to many vaccines commonly used today. By using an adjuvant in a vaccine, the body can produce a better immune response to the antigen with the germ, while also allowing vaccine manufacturers to be able to produce more doses of vaccine with less antigen.  In addition to vaccine adjuvants, Microfluidizer processors can be used to manufacture lipid nanoparticles, that are key ingredients with a new mRNA style vaccines currently in the pipeline. The team at MPT has done a fantastic job responding to the increasing demands in the market for COVID-19 vaccine testing and preproduction, and has quickly aligned priorities to meet this market need and participate in the fight against the pandemic. This highlights just one of the ways IDEX businesses have answered the call and wholeheartedly embraced our mission of trusted solutions improving lives. We're moving now to slide nine. We've outlined here how we're seeing the current environment impact our primary end markets. In our Fluid & Metering Technology segment, we've seen a broader industrial softness that we called out at the end of 2019, become exacerbated by the pandemic as well as volatility in the oil and gas markets. Our industrial businesses have seen a decline in volume due to the lack of capital investment from our customers. While we've seen the like-for-like replacement sales and these businesses hold up well because the critical nature of its components, the impact of the soft market impact that pandemic and delaying capital projects has led to broader declines. Our water business, while down year-over-year, has held up well as municipal projects have largely been continuing with some delays as municipalities have responded to critical needs of the communities that they serve. Similarly, agriculture has held up reasonably well, given a stronger spring season in U.S. and relatively optimistic demand from growers. In the Health & Science Technology segment, we've seen two bright spots coming from both the opportunities I discussed previously, as well as a strong rebound in the semiconductor market in 2020, which has largely been driven by demand for 5G products. We've seen semicon come out of the downward cycle that they had experienced over the past 18 months. On the other hand, analytical instrumentation, industrial and automotive markets have been impacted significantly. In AI, as the medical industry focused on COVID-19, other investments in lab equipment were delayed and we're just now seeing those investments start to pick up. Auto experience a wide ranging production shutdown significantly impacting our ceiling business. We expect some modest sequential improvement as we move into Q3, but expect these markets to remain challenged in the short, medium term. Moving to Fire & Safety/Diversified. We also saw the automotive and aerospace industry shutdown in the U.S., significantly impact our BAND-IT business. Additionally, we've seen lower capital spending globally impact our dispensing business as many customers are delaying replacement and upgrades, as they assess the pandemic's impact on their business. Our fire and rescue businesses, while countercyclical similar to other municipal businesses, so a non-committed capital projects pushed out due to municipalities prioritizing COVID-19 response and only engage in mandatory equipment purchases. Previously funded projects continue to go and demand for our new products and offerings and fire and rescue are partially offsetting these project delays. As I mentioned previously, we firmly believe in the strength of the IDEX business model. While there will be continued softness to some of our harder hit businesses our diversified end market offerings will mitigate the impact of some of the cyclical declines that we've experienced. Our investments in life sciences, pharma and municipal markets have helped provide countercyclical opportunities that we believe will continue to somewhat offset the weakness in these markets.  With that, let me stop here, and Bill, I'll turn it over to you for the financial results for the quarter. 
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Andy. I'll start with our consolidated financial results on slide 11. Q2 orders of $522 million were down 17% overall and 18% organically. As Andy just mentioned, the slowdown in our industrial end markets, volatility in oil and gas, and the compounding impact of the pandemic saw year-over-year declines in most of our geographies and end markets. Pacing for the quarter seemed to bottom out in May, with April orders down 18%, May down 23% and June down 13%. Second quarter sales of $561 million were down 13% overall and 17% organically. While we were able to maintain operations effectively and avoided extended facility shutdowns, the interruption of automotive and transportation markets decreased CapEx spending in energy and general industrial and weakness in dispensing led to the organic sales declines. As mentioned before which are relative strengths from a bounce back in semicon and new applications we've developed in response to the pandemic.  Q2 adjusted gross margins declined 290 basis points to 42.6%, primarily driven by lower volume, the diluted impact of acquisitions and business mix, partially offset by strong price capture and cost actions, which I will detail out on the next slide. Second quarter adjusted operating margin was 21.1% down 340 basis points from prior year, mainly driven by lower volume leverage and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by a restructuring actions and discretionary cost controls. Our Q2 effective tax rate was 22.7%, which was higher than the 21.7% in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in the excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. Second quarter adjusted net income was $84 million, resulting in EPS of $1.10 down, $0.40 or 27% compared to the prior year EPS. Finally, free cash flow was a record of $161 million for the quarter, up 36% compared to prior year period and was 193% of net income. The strong performance was result of significant focus and discipline on working capital management aided by federal tax payments pushed to the third quarter. The teams delever the balance sheet with the lower sales volume, primarily through collecting cash from our customers, past due AR was the lowest it's been in several years.  The reduction of receivables will stabilize with the sales volumes. So, we did not view this level of free cash flow performance sustainable going forward, but we are confident in our ability to drive cash flow conversion in excess of 100% of net income. Moving on to slide 12. As we discussed our Q1 earnings release, we dimensioned our cost structure and identified both discretionary structural cost actions we could take to help mitigate the impact of reduced volume. While our overall adjusted operating income declined $38 million in the quarter, we would have expected the $110 million organic sales decline to have a negative impact on operating income of $66 million and our robust 60% contribution margin rate. This $66 million was offset by $25 million in executed operational actions, $5 million from the impact of restructuring taken in the fourth quarter of 2019 combined with $15 million of discretionary cost controls taken in the quarter, along with $5 million of price and net productivity that was partially offset by negative product and business mix. To reconcile the $15 million of discretionary cost actions for you, we identified $120 million of actions we could take at revenue declines of 35% in our last call. The quarterly impact would have been $30 million with sales down 17%, roughly half of what our scenario depicted, our discretionary savings of $15 million is also about half of the target. While the teams did an excellent job in the second quarter mitigating a revenue decline, we saw the need to take additional restructuring actions in several businesses to rightsize their organizations for their new normal. The additional structural actions that were taken were focused in those businesses that we believe will be --will experience a longer term impact from the pandemic and underlying market softness. These businesses had to make some difficult decisions, but prudently responded to the existing economic circumstances while also supporting their long-term growth initiatives. These actions will provide another $10 million of annualized savings for us starting in the third quarter. Turning to slide 13 on liquidity. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ending June 30 was $516 million or 138% of net income. As mentioned before, we continue to be well-positioned to weather the current environment. We expect to generate free cash flow in excess of net income as we focus on cost containment and working capital management. Cash and cash equivalence totaled $746 million at the end of the quarter. We also have full availability of our $800 million revolving credit facility. With cash on hand, available financing and conservative leverage, we are confident in our ability to continue to meet our obligations, fund operations and make critical investments in the business. We're addressed our prior 300 million 2020 notes during the quarter by issuing 500 million of 3% senior notes due in 2030, ensuring that we have adequate liquidity and capital as we pivot the offense. The proactive steps that we executed in the first half to enhance our focus on liquidity and working capital have resulted in record free cash flow for the quarter. And although, we are confident in our current position, we continue to actively monitor conditions with our customers and suppliers to ensure that we're able to react to any market condition. With that, I would like to turn it back over to Andy to summarize our Q3 expectations and provide some final thoughts.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Bill. I'm on slide 14 folks. As I mentioned last quarter, we believe we will continue to operate in challenging environment. We do not anticipate the economic recovery from this unprecedented situation will be a straight line, and we expect that we will continue to see certain markets remain challenged, while others bounce back more quickly. The strength is in our business model and our people, and we will continue to make prudent decisions to navigate the environment effectively. We feel strongly that the actions we've taken to position in the company to weather the existing environment, but as importantly to rebound strongly as we come out of the other side. We remain well-structured from an operational, talent and financial perspective, but we acknowledged the challenges that we'll face across all of our business units, and we expect that the revenue in the third quarter will be down 12% to 17% organically. While we expect modest sequential growth from some markets that have started to recover, we know that some other markets will continue to be challenged. We're focused on balancing the need to take responsible cost control actions, while investing in areas that will allow us to recover quickly. We look forward to additional ways to play offense and deploy solutions that help in the fight and provide opportunities for us to generate long-term growth. To conclude, I'm extremely proud of how our employees have responded to this crisis. The teamwork that has been displayed as we rolled out evolving safety protocols responded quickly to volatile market conditions and ultimately deliver critical solutions for our customers is a testament to the mission and the values of our company and the great people who are central to the IDEX difference. While we have started to learn how to live and operate in this new world, there'll be further challenges that we face in the coming months. From what I've seen from our team, I have no doubt that we'll continue to meet and overcome these challenges as they come. With that, let me pause here, Melissa, and turn it over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Mike Halloran with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone. Hope everyone's doing well.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Mike.
Mike Halloran: So, let's start kind of where you left off there, Andy. Not a linear recovery from here, maybe some thoughts on how July has shaped up? What kind of assumptions are embedded as you think about the rest of the year and the type of curve or how you think things play out, and then maybe a little bit more timeframe the next year, year and a half? What's the organization planning for as it sits here? Obviously you guys are going to be positioned to be very fluid and be able to attack the problems or opportunities as they come, but what's the base case for improvement as you guys look at and how you're planning for things? 
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike. So, Mike, let me call it -- I'll break this into two parts to that answer. Let me tackle the short-term piece. So, let’s take -- maybe kind of three parts, what's happening right now, what we expect the rest of the year, and as best you can starting to think a little bit about 2021 and the ultimate recovery. Look, short term, July has continued to improve, which is a good sign. So, we did all of our operating reviews here over the last week or so. And I would say pretty consistently across our businesses, we are seeing sequential improvement and that's what gives us confidence to believe that we did hit the bottom in May. You heard Bill talk about sequentially kind of what this looked like, and July is looking a lot like June, maybe even a little bit better than that. And so, barring another kind of global shutdown and/or major issues with this surge that we're seeing, I think we can expect to see this sequential improvement through the balance of the year. And I would guess that when we're talking 90 days from now, we're talking about guidance in the single digit to low-double-digit range on the top line. That's what I'm hopeful for, Mike. But to be clear, that is all with a big caveat of what's happening in the surge in the United States. And also we're seeing really what is a tragic situation in many parts of the emerging world. So, there is a big caveat around all of this. In terms of the longer-term recovery, I'm still very much where I have been since we talked in March on your conference call. And that said, we are going to be in bumpy territory until there is a vaccine. I really do believe that. Obviously, we're pretty close to some of the work that's being done here in our HST segment in particular. I think the news that is out there is good news on what we're seeing relative to the vaccine. But I think we're all learning real time that number one, these vaccines may not be effective. They may take longer -- I would say very optimistic scenarios that are out there right now, and the virus can mutate. And so, our current thinking is very much around, you start to see sequential improvement through the third and the fourth quarter, and I would expect the first quarter, and then you assume you get a vaccine sometime in the first part of the year that gets deployed throughout, I think that's when you start to see a much more aggressive acceleration.
Mike Halloran: No. No, that's helpful. And then, second piece on the M&A side, the prepared remarks, tough environment, but a little bit more optimistic.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Mike Halloran: A couple fold here. One, what is the approach you guys are taking in this environment at a high level? And two, what's driving the optimism behind the thought process?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, at a high level, it really is all about staying very close to your knitting. It's pretty hard to do a deal in this environment with something that is an adjacency that you don't know very well. And the reason for that is diligence is just a lot more challenging. We're involved in diligence in a couple of different deals right now. And one is a European based business. One is, is in the U.S. And you just -- it's just not like it was six months ago, you can't kind of physically get out there and do the stuff that you need to do in the way that you have in the past. And so, you've got to know your markets really well, and you've got to know the essential structure of that business and what you can do with that business pretty intimately in this environment. So that's kind of a high level. What we've seen here in the past 60 days is simply more deal flow. More -- people who we've talked to for years and years and years, and we've had relationships with been cultivating, there's more conversation to be had. If you recall one of the questions that was -- I was asked back, I think, on our last call was, how do you get confident? And I said, when you start to feel solid ground around cash flow, and I feel really good about understanding the trajectory of our cash flows. Obviously, we had a phenomenal cash flow quarter. We will get some benefit of more deleveraging in third and fourth quarter with inventory. And so, now I just -- I feel very, very good about our underlying cash flows. And then, therefore, our ability to predict what a business that is similar to us is going to do with these underlying cash flows. 
Mike Halloran: So, could then you put that also in context of how you're balancing M&A, and then buybacks as we sit here today, pull back on buybacks because of the environment, not because of liquidity and/or maybe feel better about the M&A side, so a better place to put capital. Any thoughts there.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, let me answer that in two ways. So, first, we slowed down -- we suspended buybacks in the middle of the quarter or the beginning of the quarter, really. We bought pretty aggressively early on as the stock went down and then, with the -- just incredible uncertainty, we paused it. We did have 10b5-1 in place in the second quarter. And so, we're open to repurchase shares. So, that is -- there's no doubt about it. And we have plenty of both capital availability and authorization from our Board. So, we can do it there. As always Mike, we would much prefer to acquire, right? It builds a business strategically, allows us to compound capital. It creates opportunity for our people. And so that always remains the highest priority after fully funding our business. And so, we're going to continue to push there. Prices have basically remained the same for the most part. And so, the trade off in interest rates and some drop in cash flows because of the pandemic are kind of effectively balancing each other out in terms of valuation. And so, from an overall value perspective, we're kind of where we were six months ago.
Mike Halloran: Yeah. No, that makes a lot of sense. I appreciate the time.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Thanks Mike. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Andy, if you think back like a year and a half ago, we had investor meetings with you and we talked about what the playbook was in a normal recession. 
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. 
Deane Dray: So, like -- clearly, this is anything, but normal. But there's still a playbook that you're running and maybe just want to refresh us on this. So, when I look on slide 12, this is very telling, but just you could amplify a couple points for us. We see the part you cannot control and that's the near-term organic volume and we see what that dropped through is. Now, to the right, we get the total flow through after all of your cost cutting and there's a lot of strategy and what you're going to cut and how you're going to cut. So, the first question is -- that to the far right, the total flow through, is that an outcome or is that a target? So, that's -- and as you answer the question, addressed that. And then where are we in terms of how deep will you cut? How much of a growth opportunity are you protecting on the other side of this? Maybe we can start there.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, you bet. You bet. So, if you -- the way to think about this is from a playbook perspective, as you recall, we go into any given year with really a battle plan of what you do on the downside, right? So, you're building a contingency plan. And we executed on that. We viewed 2020 as having a relatively high likelihood for a mild recession, right? That's where we were in the fourth quarter of last year. And so we took $15 million to $20 million of actions. And you can see that sitting in that next line over FY 2019 cost actions, that's the $5 million that we got in the quarter around that. And then as you start moving over, we laid out for people a plan or scenario as things got really ugly at the end of last quarter, we laid that out saying, Hey, your business went down as much as 35%, there was $120 million of costs, that we could go after, call it discretionary or variable cost that we could go after, which obviously was very aggressive. And unfortunately got misinterpreted if we were going to execute that. And we had to clarify that with some people. And then another $40 million of call it breaks the glass, right? And so, as you start to move over to the right, we did execute about half of that discretionary. So, that's the $15 million that you got in the quarter. And then you keep moving over to the right end. We obviously -- a good mix of price productivity and acquisitions. And then we also decided, Deane, that we have number of businesses that we think are going to be challenged for considerably -- structurally the business is now different. And we did some incremental restructuring in the quarter. What I would tell you right now is there's a little bit left to do in the third quarter, based on where we are today. It's not a time, it's a little bit. And then assuming that the bottom doesn't fall out. We're in a very good spot right now. We don't have more to do, but we can, right? We've got -- we still got another half of that discretionary that we talked about, that's available. And that $40 million of break the glass, so to speak, we are doing a little bit of that in some businesses, but that is not ubiquitous across the IDEX.
Deane Dray: That's real helpful. And if I can switch gears and go back to the side on the microfluidics. For a second there, I thought I was in a Danaher conference call. So just a couple of questions. 
Andy Silvernail: A lot of the same markets.
Deane Dray: Yes, sir. A couple of questions here on the application. And then, broadly, are you seeing investments yet on this whole wave of the reassuring of the U.S. pharmaceutical production capacity? So, two questions. One, for this application on page eight, are you both in vaccine discovery and also vaccine production and then all the farmer reassuring? Are you seeing any of that? 
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So the answer to your first question is yes and yes. Or A question and question B, it's yes and yes. 
Deane Dray: So production and discovery …
Andy Silvernail: And production.
Deane Dray: … of the vaccine, and then eventually production, it gets used in both.
Andy Silvernail: Well, so on the discovery piece of this, it's more in our life science business where we're playing in analytical instrumentation and biotech via sequencing. And if you -- this example here with a Microfluidizer, it is -- this is not new technology, so to speak being it's just now being brought to a scale that we've never seen before. And we're in a very unique position to be able to scale up a market leading technology and what is going to be an unbelievable boom in this business, right, around that. Because we're going to see lots of vaccines produced that actually never get used because all of the money that's flowing through that system. And so we are -- we've been a market leader here and will continue to be going forward.  Deane, I'm sorry. Can you repeat the second question?
Deane Dray: Pharmaceutical reassuring?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Yes. There is -- that is definitely happening to a degree. I think it's going to be slower than a lot of people think. It's not easy just to pick everything up. But we absolutely will play as that trend continues. And there will be certainly along some of the more sensitive areas. There's no doubt that that's happening. And we will benefit from that particularly in AI and our -- in our material process business, it will play a big role in that. And then to some degree in our analytical instrumentation and life sciences business.
Deane Dray: That's real helpful. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Deane. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. This is just more of a geographic question. Can you give a little bit of color in the quarter around the 17% organic, what you experienced in North America versus Europe versus China? And then similarly, maybe at least, some qualification around directionally how's things progressed in the geographies as things shutdown and opened up during the quarter. Just maybe more color around order rates there in as well, if you could.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, sure. So, if you look at the geographic breakdown, the U.S. was a little bit worse. Europe was kind of right on, and an Asia was better. China was actually positive for the quarter, which was a good sign, but we really got hammered in India because it fundamentally just went to zero, right? I mean, there was some sales, but there was such a massive shutdown in India. And those are really the big markets that matter for us. In terms of how things flowed that -- those numbers that Bill gave you around the months that was pretty consistent around the world with what I would say is Asia getting better or China rather than getting better, faster. So that was kind of one anomaly relative to the other data. But then everything really has followed the reopening. So, as you've seen reopening, you've seen improvement as you've seen shutdowns. You've seen business follow suit very, very closely, so that that's kind of the best forward run to what's going to happen to a business is what's happening relative to -- business getting back to business or things being aggressively shutdown.
Matt Summerville: You mentioned on the microfluidics type of opportunity, but it also sounds like you're stepping up growth investments elsewhere. Can you maybe frame some of those up? And are there -- is there any way to sort of size up the magnitude of potential opportunity here with what you're seeing?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, we've got some things that I'm going to call, they're not particularly high beta and we know how to do them today, meaning there's an application and we know how to do it. So, I'll give you an example in spraying technologies and compressors or in the continued global ventilator build-up, our gas business is playing in there. Those are pieces of business that are that are kind of happening today. And are -- you can see the path going forward. They may come down, but you know how to do it and the businesses is there. And those are the things that are in the -- those are over $10 million total that you're seeing, right? So, those are the kind of -- that's the kind of size we're talking about. These are big overall programs that are hitting and are very attractive. Then you've got some things, Matt, that are a lot more -- that a much higher beta. So, we are doing a bunch of work on some revolutionary testing protocols where we have some really interesting technology and a lot of money is flowing from the outside towards these things. And what I would say is they're either going to be very big, we're talking tens of millions or the technologies don't work and they don't turn into anything. So, there's just a -- there's a lot more volatility around new technologies that we're playing in kind of where the end market goes, how quickly does global testing capability ramp up? Because when you think about testing capability, it's not just COVID testing that we're talking about. There's a -- our thesis and I believe this is correct, as you're going to see a reset of global testing capacity, because you're going to -- no one wants to get caught with this again. And so, I think you're going to see a multiyear build-up of testing capacity. So, two very different types of things, but you're talking in the tens of millions depending upon the success in the commercial markets.
Matt Summerville: Great. Thanks, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Matt. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak: Just want to build on Deane's question around that the playbook that you talked about. Obviously, the portfolio was quite stressed in the quarter, but as we moved to that playbook, did anything come to light in terms of a process, a business, or even a regional exposure that you're kind of questioning now that you might kind of go back and have to revisit once things stabilize here?
Andy Silvernail: Do you mean a -- first, a business that became vulnerable or something like that? Is that what you mean, Allison?
Allison Poliniak: Vulnerable or sort of the way you're doing business today that maybe you have to kind of rethink some of that process? Anything that came to light that was pretty unique as you kind of moved through the stress that we had this quarter. It might be an early question here because we're still going through it.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, I think a couple of things that regard, Allison. The first thing I'd say is I'm going to make a general statement, so not around any specific business, is our ability to work at a distance that we've just all proven that out, right? And I don't like the concept of everyone thinking that we should all work remotely from now. And I think that's a horrible idea. But the ability to intimately work with customers and suppliers at a distance with -- I would say, equal or better outcomes, is I think is going to change a lot of things. I think our ability to understand our customer better and at a more frequent clip, with the comfort level that everyone has now built with technology, I think that's actually a really big deal. And it's important for our business like ours, that so application centric, so the ability to understand the problem, the ability to serve, the ability to problem fix in vitro, I think that's actually pretty important. So, that's a big one. Second, I would say is, the blessing in the curse at times of an IDEX, right, are these very, very high contribution margins. And we love them and we don't want to -- we obviously don't want to give them up. But I think our ability to make some things more variable is important, Right? And so, I think in some of our businesses where the fixed cost is wonderful when you're ramping boy, when it turns the other way it can get painful. So, you've got a few businesses out there that I think over time, we're going to do -- want to do more work on can you make things more variable? Then I guess, I think maybe the last thing I'd say is, is I think everyone has been surprised or at least we have been surprised at what you think is fixed and what you think is variable. It's a lot more flexible than maybe people had their head around. And if you just told me a year ago that we could do what we've done with our cost structure, I'm not sure I would have believed it Allison, to be candid with you. And I think we've demonstrated to ourselves our ability to do that. And I think going forward, how do you keep those lessons learned, and make sure that we have as dynamic a P&L and balance sheet as we can both on the upside and the downside.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Great color. Thanks. And then, I guess, just a question on the municipal facing markets. Obviously, you said you saw some pressure with rescue and fire, water was holding and better. Have you -- with talking to those customers, is there a concern that as we head into 2021 that there could be incremental pressure on those? Obviously, we're seeing the news every day about various cities and municipalities becoming under financial strain, how are you viewing that market -- those markets? And is this something that you would anticipate some level of government funding coming in at some point?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, I think -- look, if you went back and looked at the financial crisis from 12 years ago, the municipal businesses held up well, and then 18 months or so later you saw the suffering. And I think -- I don't think it's going to take 18 months this time because I think everybody has learned how to react more quickly. And I do expect there to be a whole around municipal budgets, globally. And then I think what will happen is you are likely to get a -- some kind of step in, in terms of federal funding again -- or sovereign funding from governments because some of the stuff that's being delayed right now, because they're moving people and money to COVID related things, it's going to create actually a demand hole going into -- excuse me -- it's going to create a hole that you're going to have to fill with demand next year. And so, there's a little bit of compound and it's going to happen here. So, I do think that it will be -- I do think you'll see a hole here over the next 12 to 24 months. I think it's likely that you'll have some level of federal funding that will step in. But I think either way there will be a negative comp as you think about the next year or two.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks. That's helpful. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Allison.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Nathan Jones from Stifel. Please proceed with your question. 
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I'd like to go back to slide 12 as well. And I'm going to ask you a few questions about what that might look like when we change it to Q3. Your FY 2019 cost actions should still have five on that bar.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Nathan Jones: You said you have got about half of the discretionary costs out. So, if you got this discretionary cost bar be 30 in Q3, or should it be some number between 15 and 30?
Andy Silvernail: No. I'm sorry, Nathan, if there's any confusion on that. The 30 is what would have happened if we had seen our business go down by 35%, right? So, in the quarter, our business was down about 17% organically. And so that -- so we went after about half of that discretionary. So just to make sure everyone on the phone understands exactly what we're talking about. If you went back to our presentation in the -- after the first quarter, the $120 million that we outlined was a cost that we could potentially take out based on 35% volume decrease, we've had about half of that. So, it got to about half of the discretionary. That's what that 15 is. So, if you think about the third quarter, I would expect something around the 15, but again, volume dependent. So, if we do -- if we end up kind of closer to the 12, maybe that number is a little bit lower, but I think the 15 is probably a good number. Bill, would you concur with that?
Bill Grogan: Yeah. I agree. It will be pretty close to 15 next quarter, plus or minus.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Nathan Jones: Got it. And then, the price productivity and make should be roughly the same. Maybe it's a little lower. I mean, I know you've talked about maybe less than a point of price this year, so maybe that's four or five, something like that. And then we have other 2.5 from the structural cost actions that you've taken in 2Q.
Bill Grogan: Correct.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Nathan Jones: Okay. So, your organic flow through numbers probably going to be something like -- maybe a 35 or something like that by the time we get to the end of Q3?
Bill Grogan: That was in that ballpark.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. I think, that’s -- yes, in the ballpark.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Then the next question I wanted to ask is on this overall like 12 to 17 organic guide. Clearly, you had the lowest order number in May. You turn your inventory about every six weeks. So, you should have basically worked through that already. If not -- in the early part of July you go to 3.8 year comp year-over-year, we've talked about things getting sequentially a little bit better. Maybe you can talk about what would have to happen to be at the low end at that 17, that would seem to be -- you'd have to say some kind of disruption in supply chains or shutdowns or something like that to be at minus 17. And maybe what you would need to say in order to get better than that minus 12. Because it looks to me at the moment, like you should be trending at least towards the better end of that range rather than the worst end.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. The answer to this question is really straightforward, Nathan. I think to be at the bottom end of that means that the negative 17, it would have to -- they have to look like this past quarter effectively, right, in terms of how that bumped along. And to be better than the 12, which obviously I don't see right now because we just -- there's no evidence to that. And we did take down backlog in the quarter. I think you'd have to see more sequential improvement. That's why that 12 to 17 feels -- really feels right. But I can see a scenario -- there's a potential scenario with that gets a little bit better. And less the scenario where it gets worse and it's worse than the 17 is we get a massive shutdown. And one of the things to keep in mind here also is you're seeing a surge in cases in the U.S. Obviously, Europe has done significantly better at managing this than the U.S. has. So, there's a lot of uncertainty there. And then, frankly, this presidential election is just starting to kick off. And I think it's -- it brings an awful lot of uncertainty into the world. And so, this is probably going to be the nastiest presidential election in that we've seen in our modern history. And it's going to cause an awful lot of volatility that I'm concerned about that. So, those are two things that could make it worse. But I don't see that at this point. I don't see it worse than the 17.
Nathan Jones: I know you guys plan for the worst and hope for the best. One last one. Would you expect to burn backlog during the third quarter, or relatively stable?
Andy Silvernail: Bill, what do you think there?
Bill Grogan: Yeah, relatively stable.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Thanks very much for your time.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Nathan. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Scott Graham with Rosenblatt Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Can you hear me?
Andy Silvernail: Sure, can Scott. Good morning.
Scott Graham: Hey, good morning. I have several questions around the guidance as well. First of all, maybe go back to the second quarter guidance, which was minus 15 to 25. And you did a minus 17, so you sort of came on the better end of that. What surprised you versus the midpoint in the quarter?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, you remember when we gave that guidance, the world was just starting to unwind. And frankly, it was very hard to understand what that downside could be. We felt like we could very easily understand what it took to get to 15. We felt like it was very hard to understand what was coming relative to the low end of those expectations. So, it was -- we were definitely in a world 90 days ago that our ability to call the top line was significantly worse than our ability right now. There's still volatility in our businesses, but you are seeing -- if you look across our key industrial businesses, you are seeing the flattening of the order rates, which is a great sign. As you know, we keep a very close watch on our short cycle businesses. They tend to tell us a lot. The volatility that existed 90 days ago has definitely come down substantially in day rates.  And so, we feel a lot better around calling this range. So, we had a 10 point range at the end of last quarter, and we've now shrunk that down to a five point range. And typically, right, we're a two point range, one to two. And so, I think our ability to call things is getting much better and assuming that this trend continues and we don't get a massive disruption, I think you'll see us be able to keep tightening that range as we get 90 days from now.
Scott Graham: Okay.
Bill Grogan: The only thing I'd add to that, I think there was a -- there's the commercial variability, but then there was the unknown operational uptime and supply chain uptime where I think we got more comfortable with those two aspects that helped us narrow the range. And the things that Andy identified as potential risks within the quarter, kind of give us the range that we have now.
Andy Silvernail: Right
Scott Graham: No. I get that, I guess. And in Andy's answer, it sounds to me like the third quarter guidance you feel better about -- sort of it's a little bit more scientific than the second quarter guidance. I guess, to that same end, I would maybe wonder why -- if you're thinking the things improving sequentially, it just seems like if you just did a minus 17 and what I think most of us thought was going to be the worst quarter in the history of history. Things bottomed out in May. I guess, I'm still -- I'm still not quite sure how -- there's even a 17 organic in that guidance. I mean, what's your caution here on that number?
Andy Silvernail: Well, look, here a couple of things. We have a one and a half data points, meaning we have the month of June and we have part of July for things sequentially getting better. And I think that if what we're seeing right now holds that negative 12 feels right, right? So -- and that would be sequentially better. If -- the downside, the 17 is -- if you see some kind of significant issue around, again, the surge that we're seeing in the United States, just remember the actual numbers are worse today than they were when we were all panicked, right? The actual data is worse and -- in the United States in particular. And we're now just starting to see the effects in the emerging world. So the 17 is basically saying that things backslide substantially and they -- and they look like they actually did in the second quarter. Now, remember when we were sitting here at 90 days ago, none of us had any idea what the real downside scenario was. And I do feel like we've been able to bracket that and understand that in a much better way, Scott, that gives me confidence in that 12 to 17. I have a lot more confidence in the 12 to 17 than I did in the 15 to 25. A lot more confidence.
Scott Graham: Yes. It sounds like that. And so just two other quick follow-ups. Number one, let's just look at the minus 12 or let's us look at the midpoint of the 3Q guidance. Which of the markets, the end markets on that really cool page with the -- I think it's on page 12. Yeah. No, not page 12, nine. Which of the markets there -- which of the markets or the swing factors that gets you better? Could you tell us that?
Andy Silvernail: You're talking about the checkerboard slide, Scott?
Scott Graham: Yeah.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So I think -- look, the things that have the most volatility and then right now are in FMT and diversified. And so the -- if you look at where the negative volatility has been, it's really been dominated around general industrial and then things that are touching transportation effectively, right, and oil and gas obviously, we -- that's kind of a different animal exacerbated by all of this. I think that the general industrial bottoming and starting to improve is what would drive a better outcome. And I would also say that is the most vulnerable to a second downtick. So, there's going to be the most volatility around industrial, chemical. Those two stand out to me.  And then I'd put dispensing, if you go over to Fire & Safety, dispensing and automotive, and dispensing is a little bit different animal, because there's actually something interesting happening there, which is on the consumer side of dispensing that business is actually booming, meaning that if you look at the big box retailers and the folks who are selling paint, that business is actually booming, but they're just not buying, because they're pushing up their capital spend. Where I would say on the industrial side, it's actually -- it's more correlated with what's actually happening in the markets. But you could definitely see a meaningful uptick in dispensing if people get more confidence. And then certainly around transportation, auto is starting to come back, which is a great sign. Clearly, aerospace is a different issue in our BAND-IT business, which is great mix for us, has had some negatives relative to transportation, specifically aerospace.
Scott Graham: That's hugely helpful. Would you mind if I just snuck one more question here for Bill? So, I guess, I was a little bit curious about the break the glass, $40 million potential. I'm assuming that that's a structural cost reduction number for potential. And I'm wondering why it's not a larger number than that.
Bill Grogan: Well, I mean, it's compounding on $20 million of actions we took in Q4. So, if you look at that total bucket, that'd be $60 million.
Scott Graham: 40 is potential, I thought you said. I'm just trying to understand like it, if that structural -- and if it's not, please tell me -- if that's structural, it would seem like there is -- would be -- what does that number exactly break the glass?
Andy Silvernail: You're taking out is the fundamental fixed cost of the business, which is facilities and people, right? That is a -- that's a really big number. And just to give you a sense of it, right, when we laid out the $15 million to $20 million last year, that was a sizeable number and meaningful, but again, kind of structured around a -- what we thought might be a mild recession. But to give you some sense of it in 2008, 2009, Bill, I can't remember -- I want to say we took out $40 million total during that…
Bill Grogan: A little bit less, but around there.
Andy Silvernail: And that was total, Scott, including discretionary, right? And right now, we are at a total run rate. Bill, is at $90 million. Is that the number?
Bill Grogan: Yeah. If you add in the discretionary, correct.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Bill Grogan: Yeah. I mean, again, the discretionary will ramp down as sales improve. So that would assume kind of the current run rate revenue decline.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So we have been hugely aggressive around cost out.
Scott Graham: Well, frame that way. I understand it better. Thanks a lot, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from line of Joe Giordano with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Robert in for Joe.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Robert.
Unidentified Analyst: Just wanted to turn back -- hey, good morning. Just wanted to turn back to M&A, real quick. I know this is kind of a very strange downturn that we're seeing right here with economics of companies that might've gone down dramatically, but the price of the businesses that they're trying to sell have not. So, just wondering what you're seeing in terms of valuation and how people are thinking about like selling their companies and what price days, or just kind of how you're thinking about that situation?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. If you just kind of look at the general math, what I would say is that the -- when you balance off the cash earnings decline that we're seeing in target relative to the drop in interest rates, when you actually kind of do the math on valuations, it actually neutralizes pretty close, Robert, with some gap to an increase in an aggregate valuation on a cash flow basis, a little bit. But they do offset pretty closely. So, look, people have not changed their expectations on valuation that has definitely not happened. The down stroke was too brief. The public markets came back so aggressively that private sellers -- they tend to build their expectations off of public markets. And so, at least anyone who's sophisticated. And so, look, the valuation expectations have stayed elevated. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That’s great. Thanks very much. I'll pass it along.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Silvernail now for any final comments.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you very much. Well, thank you everybody for your time here and your patients and understanding what's happening in the world. Obviously, we're all experiencing this together. And two things that I asked you to kind of take away. Number one, the mission of this company and the values of this company have been tested. And I think everybody has been tested. And I am just incredibly proud of how all the people across IDEX have responded to this. They have responded with compassion. They have responded with action. They have responded with discipline and prudence. And it's just -- it really warms your heart as a leader to see those values, not only stick, but deepen in a moment like this. Second, back -- over the last few years, I've talked about what happens to a company like ours in difficult times. And one of the things that I have been very proud about is that our ability to maintain cash earnings in difficult times. I have always claimed that that's something that we could do certainly over a shorter period, say a given year. And I think what you see here in the second quarter is exactly that, right? We had an incredible cash flow performance. And if you think of it as from a cash, EPS standpoint, that's really impressive. And as we go through the rest of the year, obviously, we won't have the same opportunity with AR that we had here in the last quarter, but we will with inventory. And I expect us when we look back on this year, obviously, we'll all think about this and the difficulty that we had. But I think it will show once again, the durability of a company like IDEX and the business model that this company has. And I think it’s really something else. And I'm really -- it's a pleasure for me to have the ability to lead this business. So, with that, I'll thank you all for attending and look forward to talking to you all here over the next 90 days. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-24 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to IDEX Corporation First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mike Yates: Thank you, Diago. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX first quarter 2020 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three months ending March 31, 2020. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast, can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We’ll begin with Andy providing an overview of IDEX performance drivers and addressing the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, as well as the company’s response to date. Bill will then discuss our first quarter 2020 financial results and walk you through an assessment of the company’s liquidity and financial durability through several scenarios. And finally, Andy will conclude with our current framework for second quarter and closing remarks. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID number 13694804, or you may simply log on to our company’s homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin a brief reminder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Mike. I appreciate everyone joining the IDEX Q1 earnings call today. I’m starting off on Slide 6. The world is spinning with great uncertainty. But as you leave this call today, I want you to feel certain about one thing, IDEX is well-positioned to survive and thrive through this COVID-19 crisis. We have the quality of businesses, we have the people, and we have the financial wherewithal. We’ve invested our company aggressively over the years to build a very special organization. Most important, we’ve built the culture. We built a culture with incredibly talented teams who run great businesses that matter to the world. Our culture has helped us react very early to this crisis. We’ve made swift and smart decisions to keep our people safe, to keep our businesses moving and ensure liquidity, making sure that we do everything we can to help win this COVID-19 fight. IDEX has an important mission that we capture in four words, :trusted solutions, improving lives.” Our mission has never been more important. In a world consumed with physical, emotional, and the financial impact of COVID-19, IDEX plays a critical role in keeping people safe and healthy, while helping directly with the fight to defeat it. I’m going to move now to Slide 7. There are so many ways that IDEX is in this fight. In our Fluid & Metering segment, we enable food, energy, and industrial supply chains. In Fire & Safety/Diversified, we’ve acted swiftly to quadruple the production of our mobile medical tents used by hospitals as they struggle to handle the surge in COVID-19 cases. And in Health & Science Technologies, we’re making compressors used in ventilators, mobile carts that produce hospital grade air where it’s not available, and compressors for mobile disinfecting sprayers. And, of course, we’re also a critical supplier enabling the genetic sequencing that decoded the RNA of the coronavirus, enabling the development of tests for COVID-19 and its antibodies, as well as finding therapies and hopefully, an eventual vaccine. There are dozens more examples across the company where we bring essential products to a market in need. I’m turning now to Slide 8. I want to pause here for a moment and thank all of our people across IDEX, especially those in manufacturing, shipping, and other roles that require a presence in our facilities. We have robust safety protocols at our sites worldwide to protect our people performing essential jobs. The safety of our people will always be the most important consideration as we continue in this new environment. In a crisis, especially one as devastating as this, your true values are exposed. I’ve never been prouder of the people of IDEX. From the first sign of the COVID-19 crisis in China, our teams have been collaborating, problem-solving, and acting. While great strategy is a product of this crisis, we’re also seeing the best in who we are. I’m now moving on to Slide 9. On March 20, I held a conference call with investors, where I laid out our operating context and our priorities to steer IDEX successfully through this crisis. Much has changed in five weeks, but our point of view and our priorities remain the same. We’ve built our strategy and our operating plans based on four phases of this evolving crisis. I believe we’re now moving out of Phase 1, the acute phase; and into Phase 2, which will be a period of ongoing uncertainty and significant challenge for the next three to six months. There’ll be a little visibility as quarantines are lifted, and we all work to gradually restart the economy safely. During this phase, we expect to see a significant drop in demand and production capability as customers, suppliers, and our own teams are regularly impacted by shutdowns and shortages. The third phase will be learning to live and work with COVID-19. This will require significant changes to much of what we do, and this period will extend until there is a solution that gives people confidence to engage socially and professionally without fear. While this phase will not be easy, we’ve seen from our businesses in China, which have rebounded quickly that we can successfully pivot our approach. The final phase will be the post virus world. I know we all look forward to this day when normal returns. I’m convinced, however, that normal will be redefined just as it has been another severe crisis. Like the Great Depression, the Second World War, 9/11, and The Financial Crisis, there will be significant and permanent societal and economic changes. The coronavirus will shape our lives and our economy in countless ways, some easily predictable and others yet unknown. Over the next 12 to 18 months, as we move through these phases, it is our job as leaders to successfully transverse phases one through three and enter Phase 4 with a company that’s financially strong and an organization that is positioned to thrive. I’m now turning to Slide 10. We’ve outlined four strategies that guide our way to a better future. Our top priority is safety, protecting our teams as we try to remain open to serve customers that are essential to our society. While we are normally highly decentralized, this is a time when we have carefully weighed safety protocols and mandated certain standards worldwide. These have included temperature checks at the beginning of all shifts, guidelines for face coverings, cleaning and sanitizing practices, and processes for addressing a variety of scenarios from COVID-19 cases to possible exposures. Our COVID-19 issues and response team has led the way and regularly provides guidance to our local sites as issues arise. And because of the strong procedures we have in place and the handful of incidences where employees have contracted the virus, few if any coworkers have been quarantined. Not only is this good for business, but it’s great for the health, well-being, and morale of our employees. I’m glad to report that every IDEX employee who has contracted COVID-19 has so far recovered. To ensure business continuity, which is our second priority, we have developed plans for each site to use in the event of a ramp down of operations. We want to ensure these are handled smoothly and in a way that prepares the business to return quickly to operations. We are also regularly addressing supply chain concerns. While our supply chains are generally shorter than many of our other global manufacturers, we have quickly addressed issues from lockdowns and travel restrictions. So far, our business continuity planning, like our security plans, have helped us avoid more significant business disruptions. In the months ahead, we expect we’ll be choppier. This extensive planning and support structure we’ve built should serve our businesses well. Our third area of focus is liquidity. IDEX entered this time with a strong cash position and we have remained cash flow positive since the beginning of the crisis. Our goal is to remain so throughout, protecting our liquidity and our balance sheet. We’re working with our businesses and finance leaders to help them manage through a period unlike anything they’ve seen in their careers. Bill Grogan, our CFO, has instituted daily cash management practices that he is working with all of our leaders across the globe. Finally, we’re playing offense. That means different things in different areas of our business. In some instances, it means pivoting to focus on the needs of customers who are now booming as they’re selling essential products. In other instances, it’s meant helping businesses in need, like we did in Novotema that’s just outside Bergamo in Italy that was closed. Our sister company, PPE in England, stepped in and produce seals for a medical ventilator manufacturer as the Novotema was struggling. Playing offense also means being prepared to accelerate acquisitions when the market unfreezes and a thoughtful approach to share repurchases. With that, I’m going to pause here. I’m going to turn things over to Bill, and he is going to walk you through an overview of our financials and liquidity.
William Grogan: Thanks, Andy. I’ll start with our consolidated financial results on Slide 12. Q1 orders of $645 million were down 2% overall and organically. The slowdown in our industrial end markets that we discussed during our previous call was compounded by the impact of the pandemic in most of our geographies and end markets. However, there was positive momentum in our life sciences and pharma businesses. The backlog we’ve built will help fill the decrease in orders we expect in Q2. First quarter sales of $594 million were 4% – were down 4% overall and 5% organically. Results early in the quarter were better-than-expected in most areas of the business outside of China. But as the impact of COVID-19 ramped, most of our businesses, with the exception of life sciences and pharma, took a negative turn and drove us to the low-end of our guide. Q1 gross margins expanded 10 basis points to 45.7% and were up in all three segments, primarily driven by strong price capture, continued productivity initiatives and discretionary cost control. These actions more than offset the negative margin impact of lower volume leverage. Operating margin was 23.5%, down 30 basis points from the prior year, mainly driven by the dilutive impact of the Velcora acquisition, which had op margin of 8%, but EBITDA margin of 25% and lower volume leverage. This was offset by our gross margin expansion and SG&A cost actions we took in the fourth quarter of last year. Our Q1 effective tax rate was 20%, which was higher than the 19.5% in the prior year due to a reduction in excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. First quarter net income was $102 million, resulting in an EPS of $1.33, down $0.11, or 8% compared to the prior year EPS. Finally, free cash flow was $72 million, down 5% compared to the prior year, but was 71% of net income, compared to 69% last year. Turning to Slide 13, our liquidity. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ending March 31 was $473 million, or 113% of net income. We continue to be well-positioned to weather the current environment. IDEX has consistently generated positive free cash flow in excess of net income through margin expansion, ongoing working capital initiatives and an effective capital allocation philosophy. LTM adjusted leverage was 1.5 times, providing sufficient capacity to fund all of our business needs and allowing us to quickly pivot to offense as the economic environment improves. Leverage increased slightly in the quarter as we drew $150 million on our revolver in late March in response to temporary challenges in the short-term funding markets. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $569 million at the end of the quarter. We also have $642 million of availability under our $800 million revolving credit facility. With cash on hand, available financing and conservative leverage, we are confident in our ability to continue to meet our obligations, fund operations and make critical investments in the business. In relation to $300 million of notes due at the end of the year, we are currently exploring potential options, including availing ourselves to the capital markets. As Andy mentioned, we have put in place additional processes to enhance our focus on liquidity, and we are actively monitoring conditions with our customers and suppliers to ensure that we’re able to maintain positive cash flow and mitigate the impact of a challenging environment on cash and working capital. We’re taking all necessary actions to make sure we’re appropriately positioned to operate effectively during this period. Moving on to Slide 14. While we believe that we are well suited to operate in this environment, we’re continually monitoring the impact of COVID-19 on our operations and are modeling a number of possible scenarios. These examples are meant to give our investors a picture of our durability, not a reflection of what we expect for full-year sales. Under our current cost structure, which reflects the structural actions we took in the fourth quarter of 2019, we believe that our annualized break-even revenue, the point at which we continue to generate positive cash flow, is approximately $1.8 billion, or 30% decrease to our 2019 sales results. To be proactive in this uncertain environment, we have developed a playbook with actions to reduce that break-even point. We’ve identified approximately $120 million worth of additional cost reductions, which will drive our break-even revenue closer to down 35%. This would include bonus actions, eliminating travel, marketing and supplies and many other discretionary cost items. If the conditions warrant it, we’re prepared to take structural cost actions and generate an additional $40 million of reductions, resulting in a break-even revenue point of down 40%. Lastly, although we intend to fund our dividend, if we were to suspend it, our break-even point would be as low as 50% down on an annualized basis. We’re taking all prudent actions to manage discretionary spending, as we continue to gauge the impact of this volatile environment. At this point, we do not believe that further structural actions are necessary, but we’re staying closely tuned into our end markets and supply chains and are prepared to take additional steps if necessary. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Andy to review our current view on the second quarter.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Bill. Hey, everybody, I’m on slide 15. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we believe the next three to six months are going to be extremely challenging. Everyone will face the same uncertainty as we reopen the economy safely and execute environment, where COVID-19 exists and impacts operations potentially in waves. While we believe strongly in the IDEX business model and we’re very well-positioned, we acknowledge the challenges that we face across our business units. We expect revenue in the second quarter could be down as much as 15% to 25%. We know that some of our end markets will be significantly challenged, but those headwinds will be somewhat offset as we continue to deliver mission-critical components to essential customers worldwide. We’ve taken prudent actions to significantly reduce our discretionary cost across our businesses and the steps we took in the fourth quarter of 2019 have positioned us to react to a market that is significantly more challenging than we expected when we started the year. We are closely monitoring our markets and our businesses and we will react quickly to changes. To conclude, I’m extremely proud of how our employees have responded to this crisis. And even though the next 12 to 18 months will be challenging for all of us, I know that we will meet this challenge and come out stronger on the other side. With that, let me pause here and turn it over to questions from the audience. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we’ll be conducting our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Deane Dray with RBC. Please state your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning, Deane. Hey, it’s great to hear the IDEX team, and I’m wishing everyone the best. I appreciate the – all the details in terms of the potential scenarios this morning. And the first question really picks up where Bill left off on Page 14 on those scenarios…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Deane Dray: …because Andy, I want to say for the past year, you’ve been asked about the IDEX playbook for a normal recession.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Deane Dray: And it really feels like – I don’t even know what that is anymore, because we’re far beyond that.
Andrew Silvernail: Even do we, Deane.
Deane Dray: So it’s just – the idea here, as you said, if things progress or get worse, it just feels like we’re already there.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Deane Dray: So talk about it, and I know this is a tough conversation, but the deep – deeper cuts that you’re likely going to have to take, like is that $120 million of cost out, is that enough? What’s – what are the milestones that you’re looking for here and then maybe some comments on decrementals?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, you bet. So, first of all, that first look at the $120 million, that stuff that we are very actively putting our arms around and taking the cost out of. And obviously, you can see that it even impacted in a positive way to some degree in the first quarter, because we started those actions really as we are coming into February and early part of March, and so there’s some benefits there. So, we’re grabbing that lever already, and we’re grabbing it very aggressively, Deane. So that’s the first thing. One of the main priorities that I have going through this crisis is to maintain as much of the structure and the talent that we can in IDEX appropriately. And so, I’m willing for a short period of time to eat some of the incremental costing to maintain that talent base and to position the company well. That being said, as you know, we’re a very diversified and decentralized business. And so, you have companies that – some companies are absolutely growing in this environment and some are really taking it on the chin. And so, we’ll have to get the appropriate footprint in the appropriate places depending upon how much deeper and how much longer this goes. And – but our first priority is to certainly keep the integrity of IDEX intact as much as possible. So, I look at that that secondary group of actions, that the incremental $40 million as steps that we will take if we have to, but would prefer not to, Deane. In terms of decrementals, if you look at it on a sequential basis versus year-over-year, I think, that’s probably a good way to look at it. Obviously, we’re a very high contribution margin company. So, we’re – we have contribution margins in the low-60s. And so, if we can offset a good chunk of that and end up in the 40s or 50s without having to make massive structural changes to the company, we would do so within the short term. But obviously, in the longer-term, you’ve got to have the appropriate cost structure.
Deane Dray: That’s really helpful. And then I just – I appreciate the four phases that you’ve laid out. And I don’t want to minimize how much heavy lifting, and frankly some pain to get through all four of these phases. But looking beyond into that new normal and maybe the idea of when you will start to shift to offense…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Deane Dray: …and you’ve got balance sheet now. You didn’t chase expensive deals the last couple of years. When does M&A make sense? We know markets have to normalize a bit, but when do you start to flip the switch and play offense here?
Andrew Silvernail: Well, some of that is in our control and some is not. In terms of overall playing offense, we’re doing some of it right now, Deane. We are – if you look across our businesses, those places where essential products are booming, so disinfection, many of our Health & Science markets, pharma reshoring, which we think is going to be a major trend. We’re playing offense now. We have redirected our people and investment and are making sure that we can first and foremost help with this fight but also make sure that we’re doing the right things for our shareholders, our owners. And so, some of that’s happening now. As it regards to M&A, there are really two challenges with M&A. First – the first one is having enough confidence in your own situation to deploy that liquidity in that balance sheet, and the second is that you have willing sellers. We are doing an awful lot of work right now on both sides of that equation. So let me talk about the liquidity side. So, there’s liquidity that is to survive that a lot of people are having to utilize. And at the end of this, they will have a stretched balance sheet in the very difficult circumstances. That is not our situation, and I don’t want it to be our situation. Our drive and why we have so much focus on this breakeven level of cash flow is because I want a balance sheet that is deployable – aggressively deployable as the world starts to settle itself. And so, if we can maintain this north of $1 billion of liquidity, as cash flows become more certain and the markets stabilizes, we will get aggressive, no doubt about that. Now the other side of that equation is who are the sellers. And so, as you can imagine right now, and you guys are talking to a lot of folks, that’s frozen – it’s just a frozen marketplace. I think it will take through a quarter or so for that to start to unfreeze when Boards of Directors and families are going to look at this situation and recognize that it’s going to take a while and that an attractive price in this marketplace might make sense. But I think it will take a little bit of time, Deane.
Deane Dray: Thank you, and best of luck to everyone.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Deane.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Mike Halloran with Baird. Please state your question.
Michael Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning, Mike.
William Grogan: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Halloran: So a couple of things. First, when you look at that down 15% to 25%, what’s that predicated on? Is that based on what you’re seeing now? Are there signs of stability after that initial shock downward? Any kind of context on what kind of logic you’re using to get to the 15% to 25% down?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I’d – what I’d first say is that the 15% is our experience as March unfolded and what we’re seeing here in early April. And being a short cycle business, we certainly saw the reaction pretty quickly, both on the ups and the downs, by the way, in terms of the things that are struggling. The industrial businesses are certainly taking it on the chin, more so than other businesses. So if you look at FMT, that’s just going to be more painful there. You’ve got the combination of the coronavirus impact and then, of course, what’s happening in the energy world that that’s unfolding. So that 15% is what we’ve been experienced here for, call it, six, seven weeks, Mike. My view is, it’s likely to get worse than the 15%, and we see kind of slippage happening in a number of places that especially have more impact if you’ve got, say, if you’re in energy, you’re in transportation, those places, in particular, are really getting pounded and others are holding up. So I feel pretty comfortable with that range, Mike.
Michael Halloran: And then you alluded to it earlier, but maybe just talk about how you guys are thinking about what the structural changes could look like here? What are some of the things that you’re thinking you might rotate to, obviously, some of the pharma medical stuff you’ve already mentioned?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Michael Halloran: Anything else you’re thinking about? And then how do you prepare for it in the short-term here and bounce that with all the other things as you have up in the air?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I think one of the things that really works in our favor in this environment is our structure. It could be an impediment. We put that rapid response team in place very early on, because we knew that, that our decentralization and in terms of kind of how we’re structured worldwide, we knew that we could end up with kind of 45 different answers. And so there were certain things that you just couldn’t have 45 different answers on, and we’ve been able to move very quickly. In this case, in terms of playing offense, Mike, our structure helps us a ton, because the places that are really struggling with massive demand falloffs, you can isolate them specifically and you can start redirecting resources to things that are exciting. I’ll give you an example. So in the world of Health & Science, we have a significant demand for engineering right now because of all the new things that are developing, whether it’s from testing, which you’re seeing PCR tests take off that we’re helping with, we needed engineering and we actually redirected engineering from our business in rescue to help our business in Health & Science. And so we’re doing a bunch of things like that, Mike. So we’re definitely moving to those opportunities and moving people and resources. In terms of the big structural changes that they’re – I think they’re going to happen around a lot of things touching our Health & Science world. I think if I think about, say, the food, supply chain, that’s going to be an area that I think will be impacted. There’s a lot of talk of reshoring in terms of moving things out of more difficult or more risky environments. I think that will happen, that was already happening, but it’s not like a big boom, I think, it’s a relatively slow phase. But overall, I feel like we’re positioned well and our structure really helps us move to the areas where opportunity and demand are likely to be and move away from places they’re likely to be hit harder.
Michael Halloran: Thanks for that. And then one, just clarification on Slide 14, the break-even cash flow.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Michael Halloran: Is that a free cash flow before CapEx or after CapEx?
Andrew Silvernail: After. Correct, Bill?
Michael Halloran: All right, great. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Andrew Silvernail: Bill, that’s right, isn’t it?
William Grogan: Yes.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Michael Halloran: Yes, great. I thought, so I just want to make sure. I appreciate it.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Graham with Rosenblatt Securities. Please state your question.
Scott Graham: Hey, good morning. And as usual, Andy, thank you for your frankness and clarity.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. Thanks, Scott.
Scott Graham: Oh, sure. So I just want to make sure that, we’re – that I’m at least thinking about what you’re saying about decrementals correctly. So if we’re at 15% to 20% thinking for decline in this quarter’s sales, if I choose the midpoint and say minus 20%, just for example sake…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Scott Graham: …taking that number, multiplying it by 50% and that’s your decline in operating income this quarter, it is as simple as that, right?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, plus or minus. Yes.
Scott Graham: Okay.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, that’s close enough. Yes.
Scott Graham: And within that, how much of the $120 million discretionary are we talking about? In other words, what I’m trying to get to here is that…
Andrew Silvernail: Oh, I gotcha. Yes.
Scott Graham: …if it’s $50 million this quarter, next quarter, it could be $40 million and so on, that would be helpful?
Andrew Silvernail: Okay. I think I understand your question, Scott. But if I don’t get it, right, just reiterate or help me out here. So the $120 million is an annual number, right? And because we’re not that seasonal and our fixed cost structure doesn’t – isn’t that variable, you could basically take the $30 million a quarter. And that that’s going to come out of there. And that’s pretty much coming out now. It might be a little bit more as time goes on, but that – that’s coming up pretty darn rapidly. And that’s what enables you to go from instead of having to be a 62% or 63% negative flow through, that’s what helps you kind of ratchet or ratchet that down over time. So, Bill, is there anything you’d add there?
William Grogan: No, I think some of the items may be a little bit less in the second that would ramp up, but it’s close.
Scott Graham: Okay, okay. That’s…
Andrew Silvernail: Does that answer your question, Scott?
Scott Graham: Yes. For all intents and purposes, the $30 million quarterly is kind of the exit rate right now?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. It’s – I mean, we’ve clamped down so hard here that we’re not spending money on things that don’t have kind of a direct that aren’t essential, right? That $120 million is really clamping that down.
Scott Graham: Okay, gotcha. Two other questions. What would be the trigger for the $40 million? What level of sales? Is it this 35% to 40% decline in sales, that’s the trigger for the structural?
Andrew Silvernail: There is, to some degree, Scott, it is an amount. But more than anything else, it’s what we think the duration is going to look like, right? So if we’re going to reset the business, let’s just say, down 20%, let’s just use that number, just as an example. And you’re no longer a $2.5 billion company, you’re now a $2 billion company. You have to have a different cost structure, right, if you think that’s going to be sustained for a period of time. And so that’s what we’re really trying to evaluate is, what we think the duration and the depth is likely to be and it’s a combination of those two that would trigger us to look at the $40 million. We didn’t feel like we had to do that today. We felt like we should buy ourselves some time, and we have with the $120 million. And so we’ll continue to evaluate that, as you know, we took out a big chunk here. In the fall, we took out $15 million and we had another $5 million, which obviously we’ve gone and got. So we were – although, we hadn’t predicted this, we did predict a tough year. And so we went and proactively got that $20 million out. And so we’ll decide on depth and duration here as we go through this quarter to figure out whether or not we want to take out the other $40 million.
Scott Graham: Gotcha. That’s very clear. And then I think you actually in that answer, just answered my third question, which was sort of the way that Slide 14 was structured to do 30%, 35% and 40% and higher revenue declines, that is both depth and duration in these numbers, right?
Andrew Silvernail: It is, yes.
Scott Graham: Right, because your organic – you’re thinking for the second quarter if it’s minus 15% to 25%, even if it ends up at 25%, what you’re talking about here is, on an annualized basis, there would be a duration here that would get us to these numbers?
Andrew Silvernail: That’s right, Scott. And I want to be very clear Bill said that in his remarks, but just so everyone hears this correctly. We are not – do not use these as guidance for where we think the world is going. This is really, for example, only, and we’re trying to get a couple of messages across here and I think probably they’ve landed, but just in case. Message one was, there’s a lot that can happen in this world before we become – before we have a cash flow issue. And therefore, we don’t have a liquidity issue. We have tons of liquidity, but we’re not going to – I don’t believe we’re going to have to utilize that liquidity to stay afloat. I want to utilize that liquidity to play really aggressive offense. And so, hopefully, that came across the number one, we’re a great position from a cash flow standpoint; and number two, our liquidity is really being pointed towards playing offense from the moment is correct aggressively.
Scott Graham: Yep. Page 14 is much clearer to me now. Thank you, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Great. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please state your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Andrew Silvernail: Hey, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I guess, I’ll go a little further on the cash flow side. Slide 14, here, we’re looking at revenue changes and expense changes. Maybe we could look at the working capital side of this.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Nathan Jones: I guess, you should clearly have some source of cash out of inventory.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Nathan Jones: Maybe you can talk about, what you’re expecting there? If you’re seeing any slowdown in DSOs, or changes in receivable collections or any changes in customer behaviors, maybe they’re getting stressed out? Any more color you can give us on that side of the equation?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I’ll comment on this and then Bill, I’ll let you comment on it also. From – in terms of how we’re managing this, I think this in a couple of ways. The first one is inventory. We got to make sure it comes out naturally, as volume gets affected, right? And that is – that has been a winning move in any slowdown for us. And historically, we have taken out inventory, and that’s obviously had a very positive cash effect in any kind of slowdown. So you should expect us to continue to do that and take cash off the balance sheet, or cash out an inventory rather in – on the balance sheet. In terms of payables and receivables, my philosophy here is don’t be the bank, meaning, we can’t get caught between customers and suppliers. At the same time, I want to be very careful about not damaging customers and suppliers in here. So if we can end up neutral in that regard and really play that strategically, I think, that’s important. Obviously, we’ve got suppliers that we want to make sure they are healthy, they’re our partners, this is not a time to beat on them when they’re struggling, at the same time, we can’t finance them. And so, as our customers are coming to us and asking for a relief, we’re really weighing that against what we can do across the working capital spectrum. And so, we’re being pretty firm. We’ve got excellent service levels, we’ve got great lead times competitively. We’re not going to become the bank.
Nathan Jones: Okay. So the target, payables and receivables, net cash neutral and inventories at source?
Andrew Silvernail: Yep.
Nathan Jones: Okay. My second question is on pricing. You guys have reported positive net pricing every year for as long as I can remember, including 2009.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Nathan Jones: This is clearly a little different thing, maybe a little steeper in the short-term here. Do you guys think you can still be net price positive or at least net price neutral in this kind of environment?
Andrew Silvernail: I’m pretty hopeful that we can stay positive. The price that we put out in the beginning of the year is – was already out and going. And so I don’t see why that won’t stick. I think there will be some challenges next year as we think about pricing about whether or not we can – how aggressive we can be there. Bill, on those two topics, do you want to – you want to give your your view?
William Grogan: Yes. I would say, our price capture in the first quarter was in line with what we experienced for most of last year. And I guess, my only comment on the working capital piece is, there are some selective businesses that took some actions to target to build some buffer stock relative to supply chains in certain countries that were shutting down. So first quarter inventory performance was good, impacted slightly based upon some of those builds. And to Andy’s point, we fully anticipate to bleed that off here in the second quarter. But price capture is still strong across the portfolio.
Nathan Jones: Bill, what’s your view of price here as we think about the – this year unfolds?
William Grogan: I mean, obviously, we’ll hear more challenging as we go through the balance of the year, as customers are more impacted. But I think our core pricing initiatives that we have across the portfolio will remain positive. Does it come down slightly potentially, but overall, price costs still positive for us.
Nathan Jones: Yes. Okay, thanks a lot. I’ll pass it on.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys, good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Hey, good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: So, Andy, I just want to talk maybe higher level. IDEX, you build a really solid foundation here, you’ve talked about that.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: And then you mentioned through these phases, but particularly as we go to that normal – the new normal, is there anything that’s really coming to light here in terms of portfolio growth? It sounds like you’re starting to pivot some of that near-term organic investment to some of these new applications. I’m just trying to get a sense if that’s temporary or if it’s sort of potentially a new direction here for IDEX?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I think – we’ve had a lot of things come out of us, Allison, in terms of opportunities that – where people have come to us on trying to help with very specific things relative to the COVID-19 crisis. And as we have evaluated those, we’ve been pretty careful. And what I mean by that is, what we don’t want to do is take a bunch of people and resources and shift them to something where the lead time is so long, that effectively when you bring your solution to bear, it doesn’t matter anymore. And so there are going be a bunch of boom and bust cycles in this – of different things that are coming to market, both because they’re very effective and then they’re just no longer needed, or they weren’t particularly effective and they wash away. And so we’re trying to avoid those kinds of things. And we’re trying to move the portfolio to things that are really about helping a fight, where we have capabilities and we can ramp really quickly. And I use the the mobile medical tents out of our Vetter unit in Germany. We sold more in the month of March and we sold as much in the month of March, as we sold all of last year. And so we’ve ramped that up. They’ve literally quadrupled their overall capacity here as we go through the – with the rest of this year. And so that, that makes a ton of sense. It doesn’t take any major investment or capability that we don’t have. So we’re moving to those sorts of things very aggressively. As we think longer-term, I think there are some trends here that are very natural for us. So obviously, around global testing that was already a trend that was growing and it was what we had positioned ourselves behind an IDEX Health & Science, and that is going to accelerate, I think, that’s indefinite. And what I mean by testing is testing to kind of anything and everything that analytical equipment is used for and biodiagnostic testing is used for. That stuff is just going to continue to grow very aggressively and we’re going to continue to position ourselves against that. And then things like, I think the pharma reshoring is the real deal. And so our material process business, as an example, will absolutely play in that. And I think that’s going to be a long-term trend. It’s going to take a long time for that to happen. But I believe that sort of thing is going to develop. And then you have kind of all those other trends that I think are going to get accelerated, because people frankly, have had to change their lives so much, that it’s going to be easier to move into some of these trends. I’m thinking trends like digitization, mobile communications, and how that impacts even, say, a viking pump, where the customer is going to become a lot more comfortable utilizing and expecting digital results and information-based results, and I think that will move some of those things forward faster.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great. That’s helpful. And then you mentioned China, it sounds like it’s coming out of – it’s coming through this and going into the recovery phase…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: As this rolls through globally, any lesson learned or your approach has evolved differently as you hit each region based on what’s been going on in China? Any color there?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, that’s a great question, Allison. And I think kind of moving from East to West in terms of how this has – this crisis has unfolded, we’ve been learning along the way and we’ve done a few things. So our Chinese businesses, they really lead the way here in creating protocols for safe working. And we have every single one of our plants is up right now. Not everything’s at full capacity, but even our places in Northern Italy are up and working. And I’ll give a lot of credit to that, because we learned very early on how to ramp down, how to ramp back up and how to work in an environment, where the virus is with you. And we’ve created a protocol and a playbook out of that. We then changed that and augmented that for different parts of the world. And we actually very soon, we actually shared that with the Mapi Group, the Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity & Innovation, we shared with them that and they shared it with all of their members. And our team just did a great job putting that together. And so that that’s the basis of that and we’re continuing to learn. We also here, I guess, it was last week, we did a general managers call, a global general managers and site managers call and we had four of our general managers from Italy on that call, taking people through their experience. And I mean, the physical experience of what they’ve gone through the emotional side of it, how to keep people safe, we did a kind of a virtual lunch and learn for everybody around those learnings. And so one of the things that we’re trying to leverage here is the network effect of having so many sites around the world, where we can learn and share and get the best practices out in people’s hands. So we’ve been trying to do that really intently, Allison.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: It sounds great. Stay safe, everybody. Thanks.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Allison.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please state your question.
Joseph Giordano: Hey, guys, good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph Giordano: So you guys just closed an energy deal. I know it’s a kind of a specific niche technology. Can you just talk about your overall exposure there? What you’re seeing in the way you guys play in the energy markets?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So, Joe, I think as you know, we are principally a midstream player. And so we’re not really anywhere near the wellhead, for the most part, we have some things here and there, but not a ton. Look, across the energy business, which today is sub-10% of our total portfolio, we have an expectation that that’s really going to get hammered here. So far we haven’t had that – it hasn’t been as severe as we expected to be, but we are certainly seeing all of those indicators now on the order front. And so we’ll have to get our cost structure right and our overall footprint right to make sure that we can sustain there. We – I think everybody learned the lesson in 2015, 2016 that the overall impact of capital spending and how the energy economy impacts the global economy can’t be overestimated, right? It’s – that that’s going to be – obviously, it’s going to exacerbate this whole situation. And we’re going to have to make sure that our businesses are positioned correctly as we go forward. But thankfully, we’re not in the – on the wellhead and seeing some of these just ridiculous declines. And we will see declines, but it won’t be like we’re seeing upstream.
Joseph Giordano: When you think about, I mean, it’s hard now to think about like new investments you have to make when you’re trying to rip out costs at the same time. But…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Joseph Giordano: …as you think about your global footprint, does something like this make you have to step back and like rethink the way you even have your facility set up? Like does the workflow have to look different in the future? Do we have to…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Joseph Giordano: …the headcount has to be totally different and it has to be more automated? Like what kind of – how do you just think about how your global plants look coming out of this?
Andrew Silvernail: Joe, I think, that question as we move now through that, what I call Phase 3, is going to be one of the most important questions that we’re wrestling with, because when you think about a manufacturing facility, especially one that is principally assembly and test, I mean, obviously, we do have businesses that are more than that. But we tend to be like machining, assembly and test and we have a couple of businesses that have the foundries and that’s pretty unusual, though. In a world like that, obviously, we’ve all embraced lean manufacturing here for many decades. And the natural output of lean manufacturing is cellular manufacturing, which does not work with social distancing the way it’s constructed today, people are not six-feet apart. And so we’re already in the process of doing that is how do you see the elements, how do you keep the elements of lean manufacturing, which is the elimination of waste and bringing down lead times? How do you keep those while having the principles of social distancing in place, and that’s something that we’re working on. I know a lot of people are. And we’re not going to move to batch manufacturing. We’re not going to do that sort of thing and destroy three decades of great work. But it does change how people work and not just in the manufacturing environment, it’s going to change in the office environment, it’s going to change it how we interact with customers. So many things like that are going to change and tell people have that comfort to be closer together again.
Joseph Giordano: Thanks for the color.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please state your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: If you could talk – I’m getting the sense directionally for the year, FMT gets hit probably the worst and then Fire & Safety maybe second worst and then Health & Science maybe third worst, because there are some partial offsetting factors. Would you agree with that?
Andrew Silvernail: I would. Yes.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. In those other segments, are there – we’re talking about some partially offsetting factors, maybe in Health & Science. Are there any in the other two segments? Is there anything else you’re seeing that could go the other way as a positive?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, yes. So I think, as you look at, say, let’s look at FMT first. I think that, obviously, the whole agricultural space has been really beaten up. But I do believe that the food supply chains are going to be continued to be really critical. And I think that’s an overall a good trend as you talk about Ag in terms of where we play there. And that would be both for the material handling business, material process business and for Banjo. I put in both of those. Our ABS business, we are seeing some benefits of actually – there’s some very interesting analytics that can be done for what’s going on in sewer systems, believe it or not, I know that sounds incredibly strange. But there’s a whole bunch of modeling that – and analytics that are allowed to or can happen because of our ability to monitor those systems. So our ABS business, we think will probably hold up pretty well in there. And then I think that the more industrial facing, kind of general industrial is going to have a bunch of things that are pretty negative, offset by small things that are positive. So, example, if you’re selling into the chemical industry, obviously, there are some chemicals around disinfectants and things like that, that are absolutely booming. And then you have other things that are going into large CapEx that are likely to really struggle. So there are a few trends there over and diversified. On the Fire side, the – interestingly enough, there are a number of applications, where you can use some of that technology for disinfectant. So you’ll see some of that. You’ve got a really long – very, very long pipeline of – for – in the fire business for trucks in the U.S., particularly you’ve got over a year of backlog. What we don’t know yet is, whether or not we’ll see cancellations. We have not seen that yet, but we’ll have to monitor that pretty closely. The – we’ve seen in China the rescue business pick back up aggressively has slowed down as tenders slowed down and then has picked back up aggressively. And so I think those hold up. BAND-IT and dispensing both, I think, take it on the chin here in the short-term because of their exposure one, around the retail space and for dispensing and then for BAND-IT, you’ve got some exposure to transportation and oil and gas that will get hit, but other parts will do quite well.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, yes, that’s good – that’s some good color.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks.
Andrew Buscaglia: If you could – maybe just one last question on – same question, but related to margins. I would think FMT would get hit hardest, because it seems like in Fire & Safety, you’ve got some – you’ve made some changes there that structurally, and maybe those are okay or not okay, but fair better than FMT. Is that safe to say in terms of the decline we’ll see?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I think FMT will fair – will be the most challenged and then diversified and then Health & Science.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, yes. Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners. Please state your question.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Linzey: I wanted to come back to your comment on the past six to seven weeks, you mentioned you’re running down mid-teens.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Brett Linzey: What does the range look like there? And then just thinking about the complexion across the geographies, as we do reopen commerce, how are you thinking about the pace of return between the U.S. and Europe?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. Just to make sure I understand, Brett, the question you’re asking, are you asking kind of the range of outcomes kind of business-by-business, like how bad to how good? Is that what you’re asking?
Brett Linzey: Well, I mean – yes, I mean, you’re saying on average things around mid-teens.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Brett Linzey: I mean, there’s probably some growth in there, which does imply – there’s some businesses down 30%, 40%, is that the right way?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. We’ve got a couple of businesses that we think are going to be down in that 40% range. Very few are – is that severe, but they – you do have a couple. And again, it’s energy, transportation exposure, we don’t have really hospitality exposure, so to speak, so we don’t have that. But we do have some businesses that are down there that much. And we expect we’ll probably in the next quarter or two, we’ll have that kind of impact. We don’t think that will stay long. And I think that to your your question, our experience in China has been a very, very aggressive snapback and – but it’s actually bifurcated. You have businesses that are kind of COVID facing, so to speak, that are helping with the fight, that are growing like crazy. And then you’ve got a few businesses that are kind of really in the dumpsters, but it’s actually come back pretty quickly. I don’t think that that’s the model for the rest of the world and for a number of reasons. Obviously, China has some very unique circumstances in how they are able to manage people and businesses and democracies just don’t have those tools. And that’s the cost of democracy, which is, I think, a good cost. And so I think it’s going to look a lot more like we’re seeing in Europe, which is, you’re going to see people starting to figure out how to live with this virus and figure out how can you still have social distancing, but get back to work, get back to friends and family. And so that means, it just takes longer, and that’s what we’re seeing certainly in Italy and that’s what I expect here. And just to be clear, our expectation here is that this is going to be fits and starts. I’m not someone who has bought into a super aggressive, everything gets fine in the fall sort of thing. I think that’s crazy talk. And I think we have to face the reality that’s in front of us. And what if we get lucky and for some reason, this goes away with whether or something else or a vaccine is found more quickly than we think, or you have very, very effective treatments. Great news. I don’t think anybody should bank on that, and I certainly wouldn’t manage the company expecting that.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. No, I appreciate that.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Brett Linzey: And then just one last one. I was hoping you could spend just a moment. On the evolution of the portfolio, not so much from a product standpoint, you gave a lot of good examples earlier. But just in terms of service or the recurring elements of the portfolio. what’s that mix look like today? I mean, obviously, service is going to be impacted here near-term. But kind of in a new normal, what is the recurring alumni that looks like?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, we’ve never been a company that has the classic sort of high recurring revenue, so to speak. And the reason I say that is that, we don’t have a big parks business, but we tend to sell into like-for-like in a very, very high percentage of our applications. And so, Bill, I don’t know, what’s your estimate of total sort of recurring? How would you characterize that?
William Grogan: Yes, it’s greater than 50%.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I agree with that. And so, look, when you had the financial crisis, our total business was down 14%. during that year right after that over the entire year. Our Health & Science business was down 5%, and I think our industrial businesses were down, say, 20% in those environments, which set itself off. We have a better portfolio positioning than we did then, meaning, it’s less cyclical and there’s more Health & Science in the mix. And so I feel good about that. So overall, I think, our portfolio and our positioning is pretty good. Albeit, there will be a couple of places that will get hit really hard.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. I really appreciate all the detail. I hope everybody stay safe.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please state your question.
Walter Liptak: All right. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning. Wal.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask a question about the municipal businesses. Your comments so far that Fire okay, China picked up pretty quick. They wonder how the municipal businesses you think will do this time? There’s anything different, more challenging either financially or maybe benefits? I think you mentioned the sewer business could have some benefits. I wonder if we could just talk about muni?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I think historically, the municipal businesses have had 18 months to two-year lag time compared to other businesses. And that’s really driven by receipt, right, especially in the Western world. The – as you – as the receipts come in, that really sets the overall operating capital budgets. And so I expect there to be a little bit quicker reaction than you saw in the financial crisis. That – in the financial crisis, that took time, I remember that well, where the municipal businesses held up really well that we – as we went into that crisis. And then they started to really struggle as you got into 2008 – excuse me, 2010, 2011. It – that took some time for that to make its way through and then had – obviously had – has had a pretty strong overall run. I expect that will generally follow a similar path, although, I think it’ll be more. I think people act faster just because it’s been such a shock to the global system and everybody’s top of mind that municipalities are going to probably clamp down a little more quickly on their spending. I expect to see that, but I do think it will still lag the overall industrial economy.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Thanks. And then last one for me just about the share buyback. I wonder if you can just remind us how much is left…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Walter Liptak: …on the share repurchase authorization? And how you’re thinking about it in the second quarter and in the second-half?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, you bet. So we did buy just over $100 million of shares. We had a 10b5-1 in place going into this, and so we did buy just over $100 million. We did shut that 10b5-1 down, as we looked at the value of liquidity and the uncertainty that we were in. We valued this certainty more than we did the incremental share buyback. So we did pause that. Look, I know there’s going to be a lot of – people are going to be looking really hard at those who buy back shares and I know in some ways it’s turned into a political football. I don’t think that we are in that category number one, obviously, we’re kind of pretty low on the overall visibility food chain here, so I don’t worry too much about that. Second, we’re not going to be a company that takes cash from the government, I can’t see where we’re going to do that in a way that restricts us in any way to our behaviors. And then finally, look, we are going to utilize our liquidity the best way we can to help all of our stakeholders. And if what that means is to buy back shares, then we will do so appropriately. In terms of what we have in total, I can honestly say, we only have the $500 million that we got authorization for back a few weeks ago, plus you add that on, I think, Bill, to what about?
William Grogan: It’s a little over $700 million.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes…
William Grogan: ….yes, a little over $700 million.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please state your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just a quick one. Most of mine have been answered. But just with respect to life sciences and pharma, the strength you’re seeing there…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Matt Summerville: …is that COVID-19-related, or is that something else? And could you put that in the context of the $50 million improvement, I believe, you saw in overall backlog? How that component plays out looking forward?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. You’ve got – there are two stories in there, Matt. So the first one is yes, there is absolutely a pickup from COVID-related activities. There’s no doubt about that, that we’re seeing in life sciences. But also, we have a number of very important customers that have programs that are ramping. And we have won some substantial business and we had some really nice orders here in the quarter relative to that. And so that’s been strong. So it’s both ongoing programs that are really important and then you’ve got the impact of COVID-19 to get two things going at once. And, Bill, I don’t know what – in total, what does that make up of the $50 million of backlog, Bill?
William Grogan: It was a little over $30 million from HST.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So that will give you a sense, Matt.
Matt Summervill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Andrew Silvernail: Great. Thank you very much, and thank you all for being on the call. I know that we’re sitting in a time that has shaken us in many ways. And I think I’d like to close with a couple of comments. My first one is that, as I said in my prepared remarks, I could not be more proud of how the team here at IDEX has handled this. I have seen a level of collaboration and teamwork and positivity that – it really warms the heart. It’s just incredible. And when you see that, sometimes the news cycles have a tendency to get you down. And – but when you see how people are coming together in the real world and tackling this, it is awesome, and it’s why I’m in business. I believe that the purpose of business is to make life better, and I could not be more proud of the team at IDEX for what they’ve done. It’s just remarkable. Second, I’d like to say thank you to, everybody, who is on this call and your interest in IDEX. We – while the IDEX brand is not well-known in the consumer world, we play a very important role in a lot of places that really do matter. And that mission that I talked about trusted solutions and improving lives, we live that here at IDEX. And we’re seeing in this crisis in this fight with COVID-19 how important that is. And I want to thank the people who are investors in the company and prospective investors for your support, your partnership as we move through this, and we will move through this and we will get to the other side and we will have a very strong company that’s positioned extremely well. So thank you, everybody. I appreciate it and look forward to discussions as we go forward. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to IDEX Corporation’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Yates. Thank you. You may begin.
Mike Yates: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three months and the year ending December 31, 2019. The press release, along with presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast, can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call is as follows; we will begin with Andy providing an overview of our operating performance in the quarter and for the full year. Bill then will walk you through the fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results and the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, Andy will wrap up with an outlook for the first quarter and the full year 2020. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13694803, or you may simply log on to our company’s homepage for our webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder that this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in last night’s press release and in IDEX’ filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate you joining us to discuss our 2019 fourth quarter and full year operating results. 2019 was another record year for IDEX. We hit all-time highs on most of our key metrics. We continue to grow organically through our target growth initiatives and our ability to capture value through strategic pricing. We expanded margins by leveraging our top line, and we executed well on our productivity funnel. Our efforts resulted in records in sales, margin, earnings, free cash flow and return on invested capital. We built IDEX to outperform over a cycle and we’re doing the things to make IDEX different. We’re investing in great teams who focus on the critical few priorities within our outstanding businesses, all of which is in service to our customers. This is what separates IDEX from our competition and allows us to deliver for our customers, employees and shareholders. We’ve been candid in our view of the weakened global economy. This continued in Q4 and we believe it will for the next quarter or two. While the Phase 1 trade deal was signed, customers up and down the supply chain remain hesitant to spend in the face of uncertainty. Additionally, in 2020, we lapped three very successful multiyear growth initiatives worth $30 million that aren’t repeating. Our funnel growth initiatives are strong, but will face additional headwinds especially in the first half. Understanding the challenging environment, we proactively executed on the playbook we’ve previously discussed with you. We want to ensure that we’re well positioned to perform and invest for long-term profitable growth. To that end, we executed restructuring in the fourth quarter that will result in $15 million of savings in 2020. The current environment is challenging, but we’ll control our own destiny through focus and execution. I’m confident in our capabilities. The strength of our diversified portfolio and the quality of our teams are fully demonstrated in these times. Our proactive cost reductions along with a strong balance sheet put us in a great position to continue to deliver long-term value for our shareholders during volatile times. We have the team, the strategy and the capital available to perform and to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves. One such opportunity is the Flow MD acquisition we announced last night. Flow Management Devices is a leading provider of small volume provers used to ensure flow accuracy in the critical applications in the oil and gas industry. FMD has annual sales of approximately $60 million and EBITDA margins of about 20%. We think their innovative technology will provide above-market growth, and this will complement our ability to execute on operational efficiencies. We believe there are at least 500 basis points of margin expansion, and we’re excited to have them as part of the IDEX family. The rest of our M&A pipeline is solid, and we continue to actively assess several opportunities. With nearly $2 billion of capital available, we’ll aggressively pursue the right opportunities while remaining disciplined within our return framework. As for the other tenets of capital deployment, while CapEx was down slightly compared to last year, much of the decline was due to timing of a few projects moving into 2020. We continue to invest aggressively in opportunities to stimulate organic growth and drive margin expansion. We will also continue to focus on returning value to our shareholders. In 2019, we returned $147 million to shareholders via dividends, a 16% increase over last year, and we bought back $55 million of stock at an average price of $140.52. We remain focused on our capital deployment strategy as a significant source of value creation. I’m going to pause here. I’m going to turn it over to Bill, who’s going to talk about the financial results and the segment discussion.
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Andy. I’ll start with our consolidated financial results on Slide 4. Q4 orders of $617 million were up 1% overall and flat organically. I’ll get into more detail through the segment discussions. However, at a high level, the slowdown in our industrial end markets negatively impacted a significant portion of our portfolio. This was offset by positive momentum in our life sciences, fire and rescue and pharma businesses. For the year, orders were flat, both overall and organically with strong organic orders in the first half of the year, offset by the slowdown we experienced in the back half. Q4 sales of $606 million were down 1% overall and down 2% organically. Industrial market softness and the runoff in targeted growth initiatives negatively impacted us in the fourth quarter. Full year sales of $2.5 billion were flat overall and up 1% organically, driven by price and strong target growth performance in several businesses, offset by short-cycle industrial volume declines and the softness we saw in semi, auto and ag throughout the year. Q4 gross margins contracted 60 basis points to 44% in the quarter, driven by a decline in volume and unfavorable sales mix. For the year, full gross margins expanded 10 basis points. However, excluding the impact of the third quarter, Velcora inventory step-up, adjusted gross margins expanded 20 basis points to 45.2%, driven by price and productivity more than offsetting the volume and mix pressure and our continued investments in engineering. Q4 operating margin was 22.1% and full year margin was 23.2%. Adjusting for restructuring expenses and the fair value step-up in Q3, adjusted operating margin was 23.3% in the fourth quarter and 24.2% for the year. The 23.3% Q4 margin was flat to 2018 and the full year 24.2% increased 80 basis points compared with the adjusted prior year, mainly driven by our gross margin expansion and lower SG&A costs from decreased variable compensation expenses and overall tighter cost controls. Our Q4 effective tax rate was 20.6%, which was lower than the 23.8% in the prior year period due to certain onetime charges related to tax reform incurred in the fourth quarter of 2018 and several small discrete tax benefits in 2019. For the year, our effective tax rate also benefited from discrete items we realized in 2019 associated with equity vesting and option exercising. In Q4 adjusted net income was $102 million, resulting in an adjusted EPS of $1.33, up $0.02 or 2% over prior year adjusted EPS. Full year adjusted net income was $444 million, resulting in an adjusted EPS of $5.80, up $0.39 or 7% compared to prior year. Finally, free cash flow was $137 million, flat compared to prior year, but was 134% of adjusted net income. For the year, free cash flow was $477 million, a record for IDEX, up 13% versus last year and was 100% – 107% of adjusted net income. I’ll now turn to the segment discussion, I’m on Slide 5, starting with Fluid & Metering. Q4 orders were down 5% overall and down 4% organically, mainly driven by softening demand in the industrial market and continued declines in agriculture. Full year orders were flat overall, but up 2% organically due to chemical market strength and targeted growth wins more than offsetting weaker industrial and ag performance. Q4 sales were down 4% overall and down 3% organically, driven by the industrial market softness and runoff of targeted growth initiatives. Full year sales were up 1% overall and 2% organically due to the strong targeted growth performance in the first three quarters of the year along with strong chemical market and stable municipal and energy markets, again, more than offsetting the industrial and ag softness we experienced. In regards to our agricultural market, the market dynamics remain unchanged due to continued tariff pressures and depressed commodity prices, which put pressure on our Banjo business. While there is cautious optimism from the Phase 1 trade deal, we are not forecasting any near-term change to the U.S. ag market. OEM forecasts have improved, but are still negative. As it relates to the industrial space, in December, we saw U.S. industrial production post the lowest results in a decade. The contraction in the European markets we have seen over the last few quarters continued, and we see this pressure in both North America and Europe carrying into 2020. Finally, adjusted operating margin. For the quarter, it was 28%, down 110 basis points compared to the prior year, driven by volume declines in sales mix along with start-up costs associated with the new plant opening within our energy platform. Full year adjusted operating margin was 30.1%, an increase of 90 basis points year-over-year, mainly driven by price capture and delivering on productivity initiatives across the segment. Let’s move on to Health & Science, turning to Slide 6. Q4 orders were up 6% overall and 3% organically, driven by our life science OEMs and strength in MPT. Full year orders were flat overall and down 1% organically due to soft semiconductor, auto and industrial markets, offset by positive performance in life sciences and pharma markets. From a sales perspective, Q4 sales were up 1% overall and down 3% organically. Full year sales were up 2% overall and 1% organically, driven by strength in our life sciences business for the quarter and full year as they continue to experience growth tied to new product development and collaboration with key customers. On a comparable basis, life sciences grew 6% for the year. At Gast, we continue to see challenging market conditions in the fourth quarter due to weakened North American and European industrial distribution coupled with the runoff of targeted growth initiatives that began in 2018 and ended in Q3 of this year. For the full year, Gast was up organically due to strong performance with that initiative. For MPT, strong order performance continued in Q4 as we continued momentum within our key pharma markets. MPT’s backlog puts them in a great position for the first half of 2020. Finally, within Sealing, we saw pressure in the industrial and oil and gas markets, but some growth in semicon late in the quarter and are cautiously optimistic for that to continue into 2020. From a margin perspective, excluding restructuring expenses, fourth quarter adjusted operating margin decreased 60 basis points to 22.8%. This was primarily due to the volume decline and engineering investments in the business. Full year adjusted operating margin increased 20 basis points to 23.8% due to price and cost control efforts. I’m now moving to our final segment, Diversified. I’m on Slide 7. Q4 orders were up 1% overall and 2% organically. Full year orders were down 2% overall and flat organically, mostly due to the project nature of dispensing. Q4 sales were flat, but up 1% organically. Full year sales were down 2% and flat organically as well, primarily driven by an 11% decrease at dispensing. The balance of the segment was up low single digits for the year. Adjusted operating margin of 26.2% decreased 30 basis points in the quarter. For the full year, adjusted operating margin of 26.6% was down 20 basis points, primarily due to sales mix with dispensing. FSD’s performance was mainly driven by, on the fire side, North American OEM and municipal markets continue to perform well. We’re experiencing steady growth across our offerings as well as continued momentum around the new SAM product. In rescue, we saw a bounce back in Q4 with the release of FEMA spending we discussed last quarter as well as high demand for the new watertight tool they launched earlier in the year. BAND-IT’s performance moderated in the quarter with relative strength in transportation being offset by softness in the industrial and oil and gas markets. Finally, dispensing story continued with tough comps against project wins in 2018 and a lack of new projects occurring this year. For 2020, we do not see a recovery now and expect dispensing to be flat for the year. I’ll now pass it back to Andy to provide an update on our 2020 guidance.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Bill. Hey, everybody, I’m on Slide 8. So on an operational basis, as we look at the year, I expect market headwinds to persist in the first half. And overall for the year, we expect organic revenue to be flat to down 2%. We expect this to translate to EPS being up $0.09 to possibly being down $0.30 depending upon the top line results. We have price capture about 80 basis points baked into the guide. We expect our productivity initiatives to more than offset inflation, providing $0.02 of benefit. And as I mentioned earlier, our focus continues to be to invest in organic opportunities. These growth investments will be about a $0.04 headwind in 2020. As I mentioned, the cost actions that we took in the fourth quarter, this will result in $0.15 of benefit. Additionally, we can get up to $0.20 if market conditions worsen. We anticipate a $0.06 to $0.10 headwind from variable compensation as we reset our incentive comp for 2020. We expect our Velcora acquisition will provide $0.01 – excuse me, 1% of growth on the top line and $0.03 of benefits to EPS. As we look at some of the nonoperational items, FX and share count should offset. And we expect a $0.10 headwind from tax, primarily related to discrete benefits we got from – associated with the equity vesting and options exercising. So in summary, we’re projecting revenue to be flat to down 2% in 2020 and EPS to be in the range of $5.55 to $5.85. So let me wrap things up. I’ll provide some additional details regarding our 2020 guidance for both the first quarter and the full year. I’m on the last slide. That’s Slide 9. In Q1, we expect EPS to be in the range of $1.30 to $1.34 with market headwinds contributing 4% to 5% organic revenue decline and operating margins of about 23%. We don’t expect any significant impact from FX. We expect the corporate tax rate to be about 20% and Q1 corporate costs to be about $20 million. If you look at the full year 2020, again, we expect EPS to be $5.55 to $5.85. Full year revenue is projected to be flat to down 2% and OP margin should be somewhere between 23.8% and 24.5%. We don’t expect FX to have a significant impact. And for the year, we expect tax to be at about 22%. CapEx is anticipated to be about $55 million and free cash flow should be around 105% to 110% of net income. And finally, corporate costs should be around $75 million for the year. As always, our earnings guidance excludes any costs associated with future acquisitions or future restructuring. With that, Rob, let me turn it over to you and we’ll take questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Halloran with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Mike. How are you?
Mike Halloran: I’m all good. I’m all good. So could you help understand the dynamic as you’re seeing it today. When you look at the back half of the year orders, down 5% or so in the third, flattish in the fourth. The first quarter guide implies something worse than that trajectory maybe implies. Now maybe comps are part of the variability there. But talk about what you’re seeing in the short term that kind of leads to that decline, if you’re still seeing some deceleration in the market and customers psyche as you see it today?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Mike. So from where we are right now, we don’t see the industrial markets, in particular, getting worse. There’s no indication that it’s getting worse. You’ve got a couple – and I think – and that’s – I think that’s probably the most important thing. As you saw the deceleration in the fourth quarter particularly towards the end of the year of the industrials, that was the biggest negative for us in the fourth quarter and actually really in the back half of all of last year. We’ve been doing our annual planning. We finished up, what we call, our true-up just recently. And from what we can see, we’re not seeing a further deceleration in industrials. So the question, how does that turn into a negative 4%, negative 5%? And there are really a few pieces to that. The first is, you’re right, it’s a tough comp. We had a pretty strong first quarter of last year. Second, the overall order rate in the fourth quarter is a little bit masked by the fact that we had real strength in HST. And so that – if you remember, in the third quarter, we said that we felt like there was a blanket that usually land somewhere between the third, fourth or the first quarter. It came in the fourth quarter. So if you kind of – if you separate out from that, orders are a little bit weaker overall. And of course, that sale is going to happen kind of later in this year, possibly even bleeding over to the first quarter of next year. So you got comps, you’ve got that and you’ve got just the general industrial softness that we see generally bottling right now.
Mike Halloran: Makes sense. And then when you think about the guidance for the full year, what sort of environment is embedded in them. In other words, is there an improvement assumed in the underlying fundamentals? Or is it relative stability sequentially? And then secondarily and related, what are you guys looking for to get a little bit more confidence that your customer base is going to be willing to put more CapEx dollars to work. I’m assuming we look at a lot of the same quantitative things, but anything qualitative on that side would be helpful.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Mike. So I think if you take our top line guide of 0% to down 2%. And if you remember, when we were at the Baird conference, we bracketed it around plus 2% to negative 2%, right? So that’s kind of been our view for a while. So we’re now at kind of 0% to negative 2%. So let me talk about what I think would have to happen to land at one end or the other. So to land at 0%, you’d have to have a modest improvement – I mean, very modest improvement in the second half of the year. So we’re expecting the first half to be weak with all the stuff I just talked about and a very modest improvement. Part of that is we’re going to have that larger life science sales happening in the back half of the year, which is a positive. And then a very, very modest improvement coming up against much easier comps in the second half. So there’s no hockey stick. There’s no aggressive improvement assumed. It’s pretty dang modest to get to the 0%. The negative 2% assumes that what we were experiencing in the fourth quarter continues the entire year. So if you kind of look – if you flat line from here, that’s the negative 2%.
Mike Halloran: Appreciate it. Thank you, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. No problem, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Just want to go back to your comment about the targeted growth initiatives rolling off. And it doesn’t sound like there’s stuff behind it, but I assume there is. Just – is it just the market?
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Allison Poliniak: Can you just walk us through that a little bit?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So if you look back to kind of 2018 or so and when we were blowing the doors off of growth. And we said, hey, we can get – we can talk discretely about where that’s coming from. That’s what we call targeted growth. So – and what was happening was we were winning above where we thought we would win plus things being sticking and kind of building into the run rate. And so what we’re seeing right now is we have three of those initiatives. Two of that are in HST and one in FMT that are – frankly, as the market is softening, we’re not seeing that happen again. And one of them is very much discrete relative to going into a more consumer-facing business. So that’s kind of the $30 million headwind. To your point, we have – in any year, we’re tracking about 25 discrete growth initiatives at the corporate level that are worth anywhere from, call it, $50 million to $100 million. That’s the kind of the range that you’re looking at. And for us to hit our stated goal of trying to be 2% above our core markets, you got to win about half of those. And so I’m not worried about what we’re winning this year. I actually feel very good about what we’re winning. We just have a bigger hole than we historically have had, and that’s at $30 million.
Bill Grogan: I think the thing to add to is some of those projects are just taking a little bit longer to materialize with the end market. So as the end products are going to be launched by customers, those have just been delayed a little bit.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. That’s a good point, Bill. You do see kind of uptake or market acceptance be slower and softer in market conditions like this.
Allison Poliniak: Great. That’s helpful. And then just turning to the acquisition. It seems like a good fit for IDEX. What does it bring to the table that maybe you didn’t have or you couldn’t do yourself?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So we definitely could not have done this ourselves. It’s – so if you think of custody transfer, we’re in the custody transfer business already, but it’s in a different market segment in oil and gas. And this is kind of a perfect IDEX product where we’re going into the custody transfer market with a very distinctive niche technology that some of the bigger players and larger applications don’t have in the market and would be tough to develop, and it has some intellectual property associated with it. So it’s in adjacency to our custody transfer business. It’s in adjacency to our LACT business. And it kind of gives us a classic IDEX-like wonderful innovative technology that’s in a faster-growing overall segment than the marketplace and terrific positioning with good competitive moats.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thank, Allison.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Graham with Rosenblatt Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Hey. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Scott.
Scott Graham: So just – first one is a sort of a 40,000-foot question. If I look at the – on a full year basis, your organic was up a point. And I know your pricing was probably landed in the 1% to 2% territory, suggesting that on a full year basis, volumes were flat, maybe even slightly down. And I just – we could certainly triangulate where that came from? What’s the plan there? I know it’s not the goal even when you talk about the fixed businesses to have a potential negative volume. What are you thinking there, Andy?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So it really – it’s the entire – it’s the marketplace, right? So if you look at industrial production, if you – and we – obviously, we track pretty closely to industrial production in terms of our markets. If you were to track IDEX’ organic growth relative to industrial production over a long period of time, what you’d see is you’d see when industrial production inflects one way or the other, up or down, we tend to be slightly exaggerated in both cases, right? So when industrial production inflects down, we tend to be a little bit worse than that. Our markets tend to be a little bit worse than that. And when it inflects up, we tend to be better than that. When it’s relatively stable, our markets track to it pretty closely. So if you’re going to think of it as a graph, that’s what that would look like. And what we’re experiencing right now, Scott, is that inflection downward, right? So if you look at the ISM, you look at industrial production overall, that’s what we’ve been seeing here. And if you remember back this time last year, we were calling that. We said, look, that’s what it looks like it’s going to play out to us, and it is what’s played out. And that’s why we’ve been preparing really for the balance of this year to execute a restructuring if we needed to. And so that’s – when it gets me, really simplify it, that’s what’s going on in the world. I feel really good about how we’re executing and what we’re doing relative to those markets. I like our positioning. I like our ability to get price. Our overall moats around our business and competitive advantage are highly durable. So it’s just a function of the markets.
Bill Grogan: Scott, I think the other thing I’d add is, obviously, dispensing had some significant pressure this year, being down almost $15 million that contributed to some of that volume decline, along with some of the very specific things we had within semicon and ag that put probably close to another $20 million of pressure on this year’s volume.
Scott Graham: Understood. Thank you. Those are great answers. I really appreciate that. The other question I had for you is on your bridge here, where – I think it’s a tougher question to ask, of course, but could you explain a little bit more on the variable compensation, why that’s negative for 2020, given the guidance? Maybe explain...
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So – I mean, it’s actually pretty straightforward. When you don’t hit your goals, your comp comes down for the company. And then it basically kind of resets as you go into the year. So you’ve got that headwind between the two.
Scott Graham: Okay. Nothing more than that. No – there’s not like something that’s new as part of a comp plan or anything like that.
Andy Silvernail: No. No. No. We’re pretty steady around that stuff.
Scott Graham: Okay. Great. And if you don’t mind, I’d love to sneak in one more here. Could you tell us what exactly pricing was in the quarter? And you’ve always been able to do this or the last several years, at least, this 30, 40 basis point spread versus materials inflation. You expect to be able to maintain that next year, but also, of course, what was pricing this quarter?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So very consistent with the year, so just north of a point. And we did – for the year, we did a little bit better than that 30 to 40. We were – we had very strong productivity execution and inflation came in a little bit lower than we thought. It was actually pretty hot coming into last year. And so it was a little bit better than our normal 30 to 40. As you look at this year, we’ve got – as I said in my remarks, we’ve got about 80 basis points built into the guide right now with that same 30 to 40 spread. So we expect – as we look at the world right now, given the softness for us in the entire supply chain, we expect inflation to be pretty low. And overall, we actually expect to more than offset inflation with our normal productivity.
Scott Graham: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Just a follow-up to Allison’s questions on the growth investments and the headwinds there. Talking about a $30 million headwind in 2020, can you talk a little bit more about that headwind? Are these – were these sales that are onetime in nature and go away, they don’t build into the base and continue on that gets you to a $30 million headwind for this year?
Andy Silvernail: So you actually got two different things that you’re talking about, Nathan, so I’m going to separate them and hopefully, I’ll clarify. So the investments that are going into this year – we go into any year deciding on incremental investments. So you’ve got an ongoing level of investment that happens in the company around growth. And then depending upon the opportunities in front of us, we decide whether or not we’re going to put kind of incremental – above normal investments into some growth initiatives. And that’s what that headwind is that we talked about – that $0.04 headwind that we talked about. And the way to think about this is none of this is – none of the investment that we’re going to make in 2020 is going to do anything for us in 2020, right? It’s going to – it’s for future growth. And that’s just the nature of our markets. So that’s kind of the one side of it, which is we’re going to continue investing in our growth opportunities to help us outgrow our competitive marketplaces. And that’s what that incremental investment is. The $30 million that you’re referring to, those are really things that have been in play for a very long time, right? So the benefits that we’ve gotten over the years, you’re talking about stuff that’s been in play five, six, seven years in many cases. And what’s happening is they are coming to a natural end more abruptly than we would normally see in our marketplace. Some of it has to do – some of it is, for instance, in the LACT business, where the sensitivity to what’s going on in oil and gas, overall spending is down. So the uptake is there. But to be clear, that’s still – that’s gone from zero to a $30 million business for us in the last, what, three years, Bill? So it’s still a very nice business. It’s just going to be down versus last year. Another is on the Gast side, where we really took wonderful advantage of a market opportunity where we had developed a unique technology, where they built out a huge number of venues very, very quickly. And so we’ll still get parts and service revenue from that, but that kind of two-year really aggressive build-out won’t replicate itself. We’ll do it in other places in the market, but it’s going to be – it’s just not going to be the same size that it was in 2019, 2018. So it’s pretty unique for us to kind of have all those tailwinds all at the same time, and we’re kind of facing a little bit of that in 2020 as we go forward. But if you just kind of step back from all of this and you say, is our strategy of investing for above-market growth working? The way I think of it is – if you think about the last three years in total, so 2017, 2018, 2019, we’ve had organic growth that’s averaged about 5% when you look at all those. With industrial production, I want to say around 2.4% or so. And so we’re basically double industrial production. We’re beating that 200 basis points that we’ve set as a target. It’s not going to happen every single year. But over a three-year period, boy, it should happen and it has happened.
Nathan Jones: Okay. That makes sense. And my follow-up question is on the restructuring that you did in the fourth quarter, taking out $15 million of cost for a midpoint of down 1% organically. That’s a bit more aggressive than I would have expected from you guys. I know you’ve always said it’s easy to ramp the business up than to run it down. So is this kind of – you’ve taken cost out. If things are a bit worse than you anticipate in 2020, you’ve already kind of addressed that cost there.
Andy Silvernail: You’ve got it exactly right, Nathan. When – these things are painful. They’re traumatic to businesses. And we don’t like to be in the business of pressing this button. And so if you have to press it, you press it once. And our intention – we’ve got about another $5 million of more variable stuff that’s not people related that we can address if things get softer from here. That’s why it goes up to $20 million in the down 2% scenario. But a big piece of who we are as a company, a big piece of our culture is that we don’t engage in these never-ending restructurings that cause uncertainty. A big piece of our value proposition to the marketplace for people is that this is a company that grows, this is a company that invests in people and our culture is a huge piece of who we are in terms of our identity. And so we do this with real trepidation and you do it one time, if you can.
Nathan Jones: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks very much for the time. I’ll pass it on.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just a question on HST, first. Can you maybe talk about what kind of organic growth rates you think you’ll experience in life science and the pharma business in 2019, or excuse me, in 2020. And then conversely how much contraction you’ve built into that industrial side of the business?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, I think generally you’re looking at 5% to 6% Matt. If you look at the combination of what we would call IDEX Health & Science LLC, which is Life Science and MPT which is principally going into food – pharma and food. So I think with those two combined, you’re looking at, call it 5%-ish, maybe a little bit better if you can get to 6% which I’d have to back into the math. Bill, do you know what the math is, say we’re down for the other stuff. If we went down 3%. Is that what that we count you?
Will Grogan: Yes, about.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, about, I want to say down about 3% Matt, that’s more kind of industrial facing. Analyst
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you. And then you mentioned I think in your prepared remarks beyond Flow MD that you do indeed have other things in the pipeline. Can you sort of talk about relative size, magnitude of maybe actual actionability on those deals and maybe the end markets you’re targeting?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So it’s really, it’s not a lot different. The funnel doesn’t look a lot different than it’s looked for quite a long time. It’s – we’ve got a few things that are decent sized. I won’t say big, but a decent size that we’re working on, and it’s hard to say actionability, right? Two, in particular that we’re working on they are both auctions. As you know we have an incredibly disciplined methodology that we go about in terms of our ability to get to returns. And if we’re able to make that happen then that would be exciting, at the same time the discipline of our return framework is important and we’re not going to break that.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you, guys
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Deane. Good morning.
Deane Dray: Hey, Andy was hoping you could comment on where you see things playing out in China with the Coronavirus business disruptions. Are you baking anything in today’s guidance for 2020 on today’s guidance for 2020 on what’s going on there?
Andy Silvernail: So, Deane, as you know, it’s a pretty fluid situation, there is a lot going on. What we’ve done so far is we have paused travel to and from China, and then of course everything within China, we’re following the guidelines of what’s happening there in terms of people, people movement and just overall what’s happening with the Lunar New Year. We’re just – we’re sticking to the policy that’s out there. Because China isn’t a big piece of our business, right it’s – what’s it now 6% Bill, 5%, 6%. I don’t expect it to be material and we don’t have a huge supply chain coming directly from China or into China. That being said, we will face what everybody else faces if this gets really, really significant and all of a sudden we see this grow and spread across the globe. But I don’t expect it to be material in a differentiated way for us.
Deane Dray: That’s helpful. And I also appreciate the first thing you led with was you restricted travel, because it’s your employee safety that matters most here. So I appreciate that. And then what more let’s just say things do deteriorate further? And you’re able to do restructuring, what are kind of the trigger points for you. Because we’ve talked about the playbook here and discussed earlier. But what is it decrementals, where and how do you surgically make decisions if things were to worsen?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So if you remember what we’ve talked about for quite some time is we’ve looked at kind of a down 5% scenario, and I won’t walk through all the math again. But if you recall, kind of how we work through that was essentially, if we were down 5%, we thought we could safely remove about $25 million from the company, half regarding people investment and half regarding variable investment. And so what I would say is that as we stand today, we’ve addressed the half that is going to impact people. If this deteriorates further the next steps are not to take further actions where we have to restructure people out of the company. We’ve essentially addressed that. The next $5 million that we have teed up, we talked about earlier, we know exactly where that is, we know exactly how to pull that. And I mean like down to the $0.01, we know exactly how to do that. So that’s pretty clear. The following $5 million we have pretty good general buckets of how to do that and we’ll monitor whether or not we have to get in there and get – and just pull that lever. We don’t think we’ll have to do that. So, let’s imagine Deane that we go below the negative 2% scenario. If you go below the negative 2% scenario, there is about $5 million more in costs that we would go after. And then from there frankly we’ve ride the decrementals. And they are – as one of the wonderful things about IDEX is we have incredible incremental margins, but it is painful on the downside. And so if we get kind of below 2% we will remove another $5 million. So we’d have about $25 million of cost out. And then from there, we’d probably ride that out to a down 5. If it’s more than a down 5, we got a different scenario and we’ll have to get more aggressive. I do not see a scenario where that happens.
Deane Dray: Great. I really appreciate you segmenting out headcount versus fixed and that roadmap gives us good color as to how you proceed going forward. So, appreciate it. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Deane.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: I just wanted to clarify something. You – so you kind of walked down a preliminary guide. I know it’s very early on, but you were saying down 2% to up 2% at one point and then to get to flat to down 2%. But then you said early on in the Q&A that industrial is not really getting worse. So can you – it seems like the guide implies that things – you’re a little more pessimistic here. Can you just kind of bifurcate that?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So let me just – I want to separate a little bit of what you say, make sure I understand it well. I think you’ve got a question there that’s about the tightening up of our range and...
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. To the low end.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. And then about the impact on the full year. And then I think there is something in there you’re asking about the first half, is that correct Andrew?
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. All right. And you made the comment on the industrial. You thought industrial – you don’t think things will get worse from here.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So if – so, I think I answered when Mike asked the question earlier. If you look at that guide of zero to negative 2%. So back in the fall, we thought the range was plus 2% to negative 2% depending upon what happened with the industrials. The industrials weakened further, so that’s what really brought us to the zero to negative 2%. That’s the first part of it. When Mike was asking, kind of what would have to happen relative to the year, effectively if we stay exactly where we are today and things in the industrials continue to be as weak as they were at the end of the fourth quarter. And that’s where I would see a negative 2% scenario. And that is – I don’t believe that is the basis of where we should be. And so that’s why it’s a low-end of the range. If things get a little bit better in the industrials, in the second half of the year that’s how you get to the zero. So that’s that range it may or – so it really is what happens to the industrials for the balance of the year. My expectation is because the comps are pretty tough in the first and second quarter is that that’s going to be a harder part of the year. So, first and second quarter, the first quarter being the hardest with very modest improvement in the second half of the year.
Andrew Buscaglia: Got it. Okay. And then in Health & Science Technologies, you had good growth in the past couple of years. And then this year it kind of moderated, but it seems as though you’re on the – from – EBITDA margins and margins in general are – well, on the EBITDA margin level, they flattened. The – what – I guess what is the long-term goal for margins here? What do you need to get those growing? And is M&A in this space something that you’d be missing – the missing link to push those margins higher?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So in terms of growth, we would expect over the long term. And so I’m going to say over a three to four or five year period, a good part of the cycle that HST is going to modestly outgrow the company as a whole. We kind of said over time, probably 1 point or so better in growth. And I believe that will still hold. I think that would be true over a given period of time. In any one quarter who knows, but in over any given period of time, I think that will be the case. In terms of margins, the story at HST is no different than the story with the rest of the company. Our margin expansion comes when we were growing organically, we have high variable margins and so we really get nice margin expansion, especially as we drive productivity. We have a little bit less pricing flexibility in HST than we do in FMT, but still we get positive price in total in that portfolio. So I’d expect us to expand margins as we continue to grow the business. Acquisitions in HST, we’ve made several, we’ve built the entire ceiling platform in the last number of years and so we’ll continue to do that. I don’t see that as a margin enhancement. I don’t see us buying things at 30% and 40% EBITDA margins. What I would expect is we’ll buy things that have high structural barriers, good fundamentals and things that we can improve margins over time. So I’d expect us to buy things that are kind of in the high teens to low 20s EBITDA margins and things that we can get into the mid to high 20s.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Brett.
Brett Linzey: Hey. Could you just provide some context around inventory in the distribution network, and specifically for FMT and I guess really how that stacks up against what you’re seeing in POS and sell-through rates in January?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, Brett, as you guys know, we don’t have a lot of stocking inventory at distributors. So our distributors generally don’t have a lot of our stuffs on their shelves waiting to be sold. So it’s a little bit different model than some people who are selling to the classic big distributors. So we don’t – we tend not to have that phenomenon of restocking destocking in a big way. It happens in small ways, but it tends not to happen in big ways. That being said, there are places that we track POS and it gives us some good information. What I would say, in those places is that inventories seem to be at about the right levels, and so I don’t expect some significant destocking, I think, sell-through and sell-in are pretty close right now. That being said, I think generally distribution is pretty hesitant. I think there is an awful lot of hesitancy happening in distribution. They’re watching their cash flows very, very carefully. So the best thing that we you can do in those things is drive lead times down, right. So we can drive lead times down, those folks who do have stocking distribution, it’s a better overall cash flow scenario for them and that drives differentiation. So if you look at some of our businesses that do sell into distribution, there’s an awful lot of focus on bringing down lead times as a piece of competitive advantage.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. And I just wanted to come back to restructuring, I was wondering, you gave a little color around the nature of the actions you’re taking, but are these simply just shift reductions to help you navigate the near term. And then as we think about the back half or even next year and growth starts to inflect positive. Some of these costs come back? Or are these structural moves that you think you can just do more with less?
Andy Silvernail: It’s a little bit of both. And it’s a balance between some corporate costs coming out and cost coming out at the business units. What I would expect is that as business comes back, there will be some costs that comes back for volume related. But I don’t think all of it would come back kind of equivalent to revenue growth certainly in the short term, right. So one of the things that we’ve said very consistently is, we’re a business that can react very, very quickly on the upside. And so we tend to hold back a little bit so we don’t find ourselves being over capacitized or having too much overhead structure. So I’d expect it to come back a little bit, Brett. But we probably – if things improve, what you would expect from us are better than average incremental margins on the upside in the near term.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Francisco Amador: Good morning guys. This is Francisco on for Joe.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Francisco.
Francisco Amador: So just wanted to get clarification on one of the remarks made on the Q4 highlights of FMT, you guys mentioned the chemical market and targeted initiatives driving positive sales in the quarter, but you expect the project funnel to decrease. Is this funnel decrease specific to chemical or broad-based in general? And do you have any expectation specific to the chemical market?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So it’s very specific to the niche parts of the market that we serve. I would not use this as a great barometer for the chemical market. We’re probably not the best people to tell you what’s going on strategically in the chemical market. We have had one business unit, in particular, that’s had a wonderful penetration with new products and new markets specifically into China, which has been a big win for us. But even just globally, that business unit has really turned itself and won a bunch of market share. And I think that will continue. And so we feel pretty good about that piece of business in those applications in the markets that we know well. But again, I wouldn’t use this as a general barometer, Francisco.
Francisco Amador: Okay. That’s helpful. And then specific to dispensing, I know sales are – have been challenging here. And I think you guys said you expect it to be flat for the year. If we could just get a little more color on the nature of the market? Do you have recovery expectations on the longer term and any more details around this?
Andy Silvernail: Actually, the core markets are healthy. So if you just kind of look at the core underlying markets, there’s not significant deterioration or anything like that. And I don’t think we’re losing market share. It’s really the nature of these projects that come in and out. So if you think of the big purchasers that are out there, they tend to run in multiyear cycles. And as we look at 2020 – if you look at kind of the back half of 2019, there was – we had a pretty good size order in 2018 that we finished out. 2019 was obviously softer in the fourth quarter – actually through the year in terms of those bigger things. And we don’t have an expectation that one is going to land in 2020. And so what that would say is probably, as we think of 2021, it’s probably likely that we would see one of the big players come back to the market for a refresh, but you just don’t know. So as we’re planning right now, we’re planning on 2020 to not have a big refresh of any kind.
Francisco Amador: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Kearney with Gabelli Funds. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Kearney: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Brett.
Brett Kearney: Your fire business continues to perform well. Can you talk about what you’re seeing in that area, some of the municipal markets you serve. And then how the SAM system is plugging into your overall efforts to serve fire customers?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, no problem. So I would say that overall the municipal markets are kind of benign. They are not growing particularly quickly and there – and we’re not seeing a slowdown from where we’ve been. So it’s very similar. Fire has been, we’ve really – if you go back to the Akron acquisition back in 2016, and then the small technology acquisition that we made here a little while ago, it’s a combination of those assets that has been driving growth for us. And we would expect low single digits to continue. The strategy that the team has put together there and is playing out in terms of being able to bring more high-value content to customers and now moving more into technology, we think is a winning move is going to play out for a long time. We have seen a lot of interest in SAM. We do have some initial orders, as I’ve said in the past, it’s going to take a long time for this to seed the market to get to a tipping point just because these markets move so slowly and there is already a year backlog. And so you got to kind of work through that, but I would say the initial signals for SAM are really encouraging.
Brett Kearney: Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Brett.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we’ve reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I’d like to turn the call back to Andy Silvernail for closing remarks.
Andy Silvernail: Well, thank you everybody. I appreciate your time here this morning and your interest in IDEX. I mean, obviously, the world that we’re in right now is challenging, but it’s not unfamiliar, we’ve seen this before. And I think the key to it is, is our ability to really control our own destiny. So, continuing to invest in growth, continuing to drive productivity, continuing to get strategic pricing in the marketplace. And most importantly, investing in our people, that has been the differentiator for us around our culture and we’re going to continue to do that. And I’d like to thank everybody at IDEX for their incredible work that they’ve done over time and really turning this into a wonderful company. So I look forward to talking you all again here in the next 90 days. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, Mr. Yates. You may begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter financial highlights.  Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3 months ending September 30, 2019. And later today, we will file our 10-Q. The press release, along with presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com.  Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call is as follows: we will begin with Andy providing an overview of our operating performance in the quarter, Bill will then discuss our third quarter financial results and walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, Andy will wrap up with an outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2019. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for your questions.  If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13684164, or you may simply log on to our company's homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in the last night's press release and in IDEX' filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  With that, I'll now turn this call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody. I appreciate you joining us to discuss our 2019 third quarter operating results. In the challenging macro environment, I'm extremely proud of my team. As you know, I've had concerns about the overall demand volatility and the potential for further erosion. We have a short-cycle business. We go into any given quarter with only about 50% of the quarter booked. We were prepared. We got ahead of the challenges, and we're executing.  In the quarter, team delivered outstanding margin expansion, hitting all-time highs for gross margin and operating margin. The healthy margin expansion helped us deliver another record quarter of adjusted EPS, and we reduced working capital to drive another record quarter of free cash flow. The results were achieved in a decelerating commercial environment. Organic sales were flat in the quarter. The global demand for industrial products definitely weakened in the third quarter with manufacturing decontracting for the first time since 2016, and we're certainly feeling it. Lingering trade tensions and uncertain trade policy have weighed on global growth with customers and business leaders hesitant to spend. This has led to a slowdown in most geographies.  With that said, we remain confident in our ability to thrive in this environment. We're executing the playbook we've spoken about to you all year. We're being prudent about costs, and we're focusing on productivity while continuing to invest aggressively in our exceptional long-term growth prospects.  We've built IDEX to perform throughout a cycle, and we're doing the things that make IDEX different. We're investing in great teams who focus on the critical few priorities within our outstanding businesses, all of which is in service to our customers. This is what separates IDEX from our competition and allows us to deliver for our customers, employees and shareholders regardless of the macro environment. We're fortunate that our durable, diversified business model produces exceptional free cash flow, and we have an outstanding balance sheet. These facts allow us to have abundant capital to both invest aggressively in organic growth and drive returns through capital deployment.  Let me take a moment to talk about capital deployment before turning it over to Bill for some color on the financial results. The integration of Velcora is going extremely well, and the teams are delivering on the key value drivers. And as we get inside the business, I'm even more excited about the possibilities that Velcora brings to our Sealing platform. M&A continues to be a top focus for us but remains a challenge in the current environment due to valuation. Our teams are hard at work on both the cultivation and evaluation of several deals. With nearly $2 billion of capacity based on existing cash, availability under our revolver and a very healthy balance sheet, we have the capacity to support the right opportunities while remaining disciplined within our return framework. We will only move forward on a deal when the target fits the IDEX criteria.  Along with the acquisition of Velcora, we returned $38 million to shareholders via dividends in the quarter.  With that, let me pause here, and Bill, I'll turn it to you for a discussion on financial results and the segment details.
William Grogan: Great. Thanks, Andy. I'll start with our third quarter financial results on Slide 4. Q3 orders of $586 million were down 5%, both overall and organically, driven by softness across all segments and tough comps versus last year. Q3 sales of $624 million were flat overall and organically. We did see growth in FMT and HST, but it was offset by a decline in FSD that was primarily driven by project timing.  We expanded gross margins in the quarter by 20 basis points to 45.2%. However, excluding the $3 million fair value inventory step-up charge related to the Velcora acquisition, adjusted gross margin was at an all-time high of 45.7%, up 70 basis points. This was primarily due to strong price capture and productivity initiatives partially offset by continued investments in engineering related to new product development. Q3 operating margin was 22.7%, but adjusting for both the fair value inventory step-up and restructuring expenses, adjusted operating margin was 25.2%, an all-time quarterly high for IDEX and up 120 basis points compared with the adjusted prior year period mainly driven by our gross margin expansion and lower SG&A costs, which were driven by decreased variable compensation expenses and tighter cost controls across the business. Included in the restructuring charges was an approximate $10 million impairment charge related to the wind down of a small business line within HST.  Our Q3 adjusted effective tax rate was 19.1%, which was lower than the 20.3% in the prior year period mainly due to changes in U.S. Treasury regulations as well as the mix of global pretax income among our jurisdictions. The adjusted ETR of 19.1% was also 340 basis points lower than our previously guided ETR due to a higher excess tax benefit from greater-than-expected stock option exercises as well as a favorable impact from the 2018 income tax return to provision adjustment. This lower ETR provided $0.06 of EPS favorability in our quarterly results compared to our previous guide back in July.  Q3 adjusted net income was $117 million, resulting in a record adjusted EPS of $1.52, up $0.11 or 8% over prior year adjusted EPS. Finally, free cash flow was very strong at $146 million. It was up 28% over last year and 125% of adjusted net income. This was our highest free cash flow of all time.  I'll now turn to the segment discussion. I'm on Slide 5, starting with Fluid & Metering. Q3 orders were down 1% overall and flat organically mainly driven by softening demand in the industrial market and continued declines in agriculture. Q3 sales were up 1% overall and up 2% organically, attributable to the growth in our pumps, valves and energy businesses due to strong performance around our targeted growth initiatives but partially offset by the slowdown in the industrial short-cycle book-and-turn activity during the quarter. The municipal water business remains solid with stable spending projected for the remainder of '19.  In regards to the agriculture market, the market dynamics remain unchanged due to continued tariff pressures and depressed commodity prices, which has put pressure on the Banjo business all year. Preseason orders are flat compared to prior year period, and we are not forecasting any near-term change to the U.S. agriculture market performance. Finally, operating margin was outstanding at 32.2%, up 270 basis points over the adjusted prior year quarter mainly due to a widening price cost spread driven by the team's ability to continually capture value for their products and deliver on their productivity initiatives. FMT really executed during the quarter.  Let's move on to Health & Science, turning to Slide 6. Q3 orders were down 4% overall and 6% organically mainly driven by continued market pressure in semicon and automotive as well as the industrial slowdown impacting about 1/3 of the sales in HST that are industrially exposed. Orders were also impacted by timing as a few large life science blankets got pushed into the fourth quarter. From a sales perspective, Q3 sales were up 3% overall and 1% organically driven by strength in the life science business as they continue to experience growth tied to new product development and collaboration with our key customers.  At Gast, we continue to see MPT project wins, but as discussed earlier, we started to see challenging market conditions in the third quarter due to weakened North American industrial distribution demand. For MPT, strong results in Q3 were driven by shipments of some long lead time projects, reversing the negative trend we experienced in the first half of the year. We're seeing positive momentum within key pharma markets, and our commercial funnel continues to grow. Expectations are to deliver positive growth for the year.  Finally, within Sealing, pressure across the semiconductor, industrial and auto markets continue. Although we're beginning to see signals of reaching the bottom of the semi decline, their orders and sales are still challenged. From a margin perspective, excluding the fair value inventory step-up charge and restructuring expenses, operating margin increased 30 basis points to 23.8%. This was primarily due to the higher volume and price capture partially offset by higher growth investments and amortization related to the Velcora acquisition.  I'm now moving to our final segment, Diversified. I'm on Slide 7. Q3 orders were down 10% overall and 9% organically mainly driven by pressure on the projects side of the business as customers remain cautious around making large investments, as well as tough comps in dispensing and rescue to large project orders in the prior year period. Both dispensing and rescue orders were down over 20% organically in the quarter. Q3 revenues were down 5% overall and 3% organically, and I'll provide a little bit more color on that in a minute. Adjusted operating margin of 27.2% decreased 50 basis points in the quarter. This was mainly due to the reduced project volume. Sequentially, the segment was up 10 basis points versus the second quarter.  FSD's performance was mainly driven by the following: on the fire side, core OEM and municipal markets continue to perform well. We're experiencing steady growth across our product offerings as well as continued momentum around our new SAM product launch. Turning to rescue. Sales declined mainly due to project delays associated with political uncertainty, coupled with a tough comp from the prior year period. U.S. performance was slow due to a delay in FEMA spending, but expectations are that we'll see a rebound in the fourth quarter.  BAND-IT performance remained strong based on wins with our targeted growth initiatives. Even as we see general softness in the auto and energy markets and pressure within the industrial space, BAND-IT continues to take share and grow in these areas. Finally, dispensing story remains similar to the first half of the year due to a tough comp against some large project wins in 2018 with no new projects occurring this year. As such, the business was down double digits compared to prior year, but we do expect to cycle back to growth in 2020.  I will now pass it back to Andy to provide an update on our 2019 guidance. 
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Bill. So let me wrap things up, and I'll provide some details here regarding 2019 for both the fourth quarter and the full year. I'm on the last slide, that's Slide 8.  In Q4, we're projecting EPS to be in the range of $1.33 to $1.35 with flat organic revenue. Operating margin should be about 23.5%. We're estimating about a $0.01 top line headwind from FX based on the September 30 rates. This translates to about $0.01 on the bottom line EPS headwind. The Q4 effective tax rate should be about 22%, and corporate costs in the fourth quarter will be around $18 million.  If we look at the full year 2019, we're projecting full year EPS of $5.80 million to $5.82. Full year organic revenue is projected to be about 2% with operating margins at approximately 24%. We should have about a 2% headwind from FX based on the September 30 rates. The effective tax rate for the year to be about 20.5%. CapEx is anticipated to be about $55 million, and free cash flow should be about 105% of net income. And finally, corporate costs will be about $73 million for the year.  As always, these earnings guidance expectations excludes anything from acquisitions or restructuring.  With that, Doug, let me turn it over to you, and we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird.
Michael Halloran: So let's start with the underlying trajectory, what you're seeing right now. Lots of puts and takes in the order numbers. SMT is flattish, which is typically a more cyclically sensitive business. The other pieces had some project timing related things. So maybe you could just talk about what you're seeing as like the core underlying demand characteristics today. What that trajectory looks like through the fourth quarter? And then maybe some puts and takes on how you're looking at growth for 2020.
Andrew Silvernail: Sure. So Mike, first of all, good question. That's the biggest one that's on our minds. If -- you do have to kind of separate out the puts and takes, and this is the way I do it: you've got some project timing issues, meaning last year, we had an exceptionally strong third quarter if you look at rescue and dispensing, and those are some pretty good-sized numbers. And then in -- last year, we got some larger orders in our life science blanket orders that we typically get that we're going to get in the fourth quarter. If you take those 3 things and you neutralize those 3 things and you look at the underlying run rate of the business, it's basically flat to down 1%. It's about 0.5% if you just kind of look at the underlying day rate businesses, and I think that's pretty consistent with what we've seen.  And so as we get into the fourth quarter, I think you'll see some other puts and takes around there with that day rate business. What we've seen in early October or in October so far is basically kind of meeting our expectations of where we went into the quarter. And so I think we're kind of holding at this flattish to down 1% right now in -- on the core order rate of the businesses. So I don't see a reason for that trajectory right now to change meaningfully as we go out.  Now that being said, we have an easier comp in the fourth quarter versus what you saw last year, and then you got 2 pretty tough comps in the first and the second quarter of next year. So if you assume that you don't get a change in trajectory, I think that kind of flattish revenue growth in the fourth quarter feels about right. And then you'll face some tougher comps in the second -- first and second quarter with that getting easier in the third and the fourth quarter of next year. That's kind of how we're looking at it.  Look, it's early to call 2020 based on our short-cycle nature of our business. What I would say, the first pass, that looks like a tougher first half, easier second half, balanced out with somewhere in a range of, I want to say, plus 2% to negative 2%. That's what that feels like right now. But again, really early on. We're in the process of tightening up our 2020 annual plans, but that's what the first pass kind of looks like, Mike.
Michael Halloran: No. That makes a lot of sense. And then on the margin side, very strong execution this quarter. Walk through any puts and takes you think that might help us on a forward basis to figure out sustainability at this level. Were there -- anything on the incentive comp that's different? Any other kind of one-off things that would move this around one way or another?
William Grogan: No. Yes, I think overall, obviously, with the revised results for the full year, there's a decrease in some of the variable compensation stuff. I think fundamentally, obviously, FMT's margins were really strong. That's where we're going to see probably the most decline is if we are in this industrial softness here recently, and they'll delever probably more than the other businesses. So that'll put more pressure. I think for the third quarter, we guided around 23.5%, which is probably what you'd see going forward at a consistent revenue run rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Andy, I appreciate that you made the comment that you were signaling that there was slowing going on. In fact, you were among the first senior guys back at the EPG Conference in May to say a slowing was happening. So as -- so no one should be blindsided by this. But as you -- orders inflect negatively here, what -- and I know you're short cycle, but you talked about customers hesitating to spend. What's the discussion at the margin right now in terms of committing -- willingness to commit capital? The order rates as they look in the fourth quarter? Are we going to stay negative? Or is it worsening versus the way we started the third quarter?
Andrew Silvernail: I don't see right now, Deane, that it's worsening, but let me kind of back up and talk a little bit about the hesitancy. And like you said, we talked about it publicly at EPG. The -- as you look at this, the issue at hand is that there's just a real hesitancy based on the uncertainty in the marketplace, right? There's no -- there aren't kind of big demand bubbles, meaning negative issues that things are kind of imploding outside of what I've talked about in the past, these kind of human-made issues that are around the world. But what that's doing is it's reverberating back and people are just hesitant to spend, they're hesitant to hire. We are seeing more layoffs in the manufacturing sector than we've seen here in quite some time.  And so I think this world of uncertainty, unfortunately, doesn't -- isn't likely to revolve -- resolve itself anytime soon, right? So you've got the constant back and forth regarding trade tensions that are out there. The folks who seem to -- with anybody who knows what's going on, the folks who spend a lot of time on this are very doubtful that any meaningful positive improvement happens, except for maybe a standoff, right? So it just doesn't get worse. So you've got that. And then really, as you get into the election cycle next year, these are not areas of our expertise, but in terms of talking to people out in the field, people are holding off as long as they can to commit large chunks of money into either hiring or into capital in really uncertain times. So my view is that it's going to be bumpy here for quite some time.
Deane Dray: All right. So the macro commentary is really helpful, but let's pivot now into your end markets. And if we just go back to the second quarter when we talked about where the softening was showing up, it was auto, it was semicon, it was ag for you guys. And that was like 10% of the portfolio. It really does sound like that's still the kind of ground zero of where you're seeing the slowing. Has that spread to these -- any other verticals?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I think that's the change in the third quarter. And if you remember, that was what I said I was concerned about was you've seen those 3 continue to struggle and then you've seen the industrial start to come down, right? FMT, which is 2/3 of our industrial exposure or 1/2 our industrial exposure, you can see, although it's still good relative to what I think the rest of the world is experiencing, you're definitely seeing that. And I expect that to continue here for a little while.  I think that the -- let me -- the puts and the takes, right? So I think the negatives are general industrial slowing, and I think we're going to face those headwinds here, at least through the second quarter of next year. It's hard to imagine that, that's not the case. And then you've got the question of whether ag, semi are bottoming. If you look at kind of the auto side, you're probably bottoming in China auto, and then you probably -- if you look at the expectations of auto builds, those are down for next year, so maybe a little more pressure there. But I do think that net-net, those are still going to struggle for a little while until we see some uptick in semi, which, by the way, we have seen some things that look like a bottom in semi. Ag, I think, is still a question mark here with the trade tensions. And then municipal and health of science, those are going to hold in.
Deane Dray: Yes. That's exactly what we'd expect. And look, you cannot control the slowing on the end markets, but you're obviously doing a great job on margins and cash flow, so congrats on that.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, thanks, Deane. I think the important thing there is controlling our own destiny. We've talked to all of you guys about the playbook. We've looked at it in a slowing environment. We're certainly working that. We know how to deal in those environments and make sure that we deliver for our customers, our people and certainly our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: Come on, Andy, control the end markets. Question on working capital. I mean it looks like you guys managed inventory really well in the quarter in the face of probably some slower revenue that you were anticipating. Maybe you can talk about whether you need to reduce your inventory levels here in the face of this lower demand environment, whether you can generate some cash over and above what your excellent free cash flow conversion normally is here in this environment?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I think, Nathan, so first of all, this is something from a business model standpoint we've talked about a lot that even in times where you're getting pressure on the top line of the business and pressure on margins that the balance sheet delevers really nicely. And so from a cash EPS perspective, that will hold up well. I expect we'll see more delevering in the fourth quarter. And then we'll kind of see where we are in terms of what we're planning for next year. But certainly, in the fourth quarter, I expect more delevering.
Nathan Jones: So you're not in any kind of heavy downturn here. You're talking about flat 4Q, kind of plus 2% to minus to 2% 2020 outlook. Are there any meaningful cost action plans that you take here? Are there particular businesses where you're seeing worse demand where you think you need to take some cost actions, and maybe what those would be?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, you absolutely do. And to be clear, in this kind of environment and really for IDEX in total, these kinds of things are never broad-based, right? We're never -- we are not a company that does these kind of wacky 5% reductions across the board. The key to any kind of -- facing an environment like this is, number one, you want to invest in the things that drive long-term, sustainable competitive advantage and value. And for us, that really comes down to two big things. The first: our people. And we view people as being central to the business model. It's what scales in this company. And so we're going to continue to invest in the leadership development around the company and making sure that we're very focused on that. Second, it's really kind of innovation in our core markets. If you think about the 80-20 and the segmentation work that we do around where are the profit pools? How do you continue to make those growth bets going forward? And then what you do is you look kind of around that outside of those core strategic areas and you just have to be prudent, right? There are places that we're already making targeted cost reductions. We're going to have to do some more of that if we see some weakening there. And that's just the right thing to do for the long-term competitiveness of the company. And so we're executing that playbook. We're looking out into the future. As I said, my expectation in this current environment is what you really have in 2020 is a pretty tough comp in Q1, Q2 and then an easier comp in the back half, weighing out to that kind of plus 2% to minus 2%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson.
Matt Summerville: A couple of questions. First, can you maybe give a little bit more geographic granularity in terms of incoming orders and organic performance in the quarter?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, Matt. Bill, you want to tackle it?
William Grogan: Yes, sure. No, I think it was -- Europe is going to maintain its lower level that we've seen over the last couple of quarters. It was really more declines in North America that we started to see that broader orders -- order number down. We actually did outperform a bit in some of the emerging markets, but again, relative to the fundamental macro situations within -- in India and in China, our teams really delivered on their targeted growth initiatives and grew in the upper single digits in those areas.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So the incremental softening, Matt, has really been around North America.
William Grogan: Exactly.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then just back maybe to FMT margins, up $270 million sequentially. Up, I think -- or $270 million year-over-year, up $170 million sequentially. On a sequential basis, that's on lower revenue. So can you talk about are you pushing more price through that business? Are your input costs coming down meaningfully? Maybe just kind of parse out how you're getting that margin and what the right way to think about FMT margins are kind of going forward at what you're calling kind of a more subdued general industrial environment for that business?
William Grogan: Yes. I would say 30% is probably closer to what its normal run rate is. Those businesses, even on lower volume, are running lights out with the remaining projects that they had. And then the input costs have decreased. I think the teams, as they looked at where they're getting some pressure from tariffs, they've been able to come up with some supply chain solutions to reduce the impact of those. And the pricing that we put out last year in Q3 to offset some of those just levered better within the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners.
Brett Linzey: Just wanted to come back to price cost. It sounds like you got a very good price traction in the quarter. You do start to lap a tough like-unlike price in Q4 next year. But given the moderating commodities, does price start to flatten out as we get into 2020? Or do you still think you can achieve positive price in some of those businesses?
Andrew Silvernail: Brett, we'll get positive price in 2020, I feel very confident in that. The nature of the business model, the nature of our competitive positioning, it'll be lighter than certainly in 2019, there's no doubt about it, but I don't see any reason why we won't sustain that kind of 30 to 40 bp price cost leverage that we've gotten in the past.  Bill, anything else you'd add to that?
William Grogan: Yes. I think the spread as we come into the back half was -- is higher than that. But next year, as we calibrate around our 2020 pricing actions, it'll come down a bit. But to Andy's point, I think we'll still be significantly positive on the price cost differential.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. And then just shifting to the funding delays in rescue. It sounds like that gets resolved in Q4. What informs that, I guess? And then have you seen any type of funding delays broaden to other agencies as we enter this election cycle?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So with rescue in particular, there are kind of two things that you saw. One is just around the world, we've seen this in the past, it's happened many, many times, you get -- the sovereign governments who are buying product from us, as things get tight, they can pull back. And so we're seeing that relieve. Why? Because we're very close to our customers, and we know when money is going to be relieved just generally. So we feel pretty good about that. And then you've got the FEMA issue that Bill referenced. For some reason, and we don't quite understand why, FEMA money got tied up here in the third quarter, and it feels like it's been released already. There's no reason to believe that's not going to happen or hasn't happened already.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg Capital Markets.
Andrew Buscaglia: Can you make -- can you comment more, you said that you think semis was showing signs of bottoming, and that's -- can you just remind us, first off, what -- how big is that as a percentage of your sales at this point? And then what -- why do you say that? Or what are you seeing specifically?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So it's not a big chunk in total.
William Grogan: About 3%.
Andrew Silvernail: It's about 3% in total for the business. The biggest impact there is in our Sealing business, and then we have a small pump business that faces that also. And when I say bottoming or inflecting, there's no reason to believe that this thing is picking up dramatically, but we've gotten significant signals from a handful of the big players that they're projecting stronger demand. Now that is mixed with a couple of other things that they see some softening in there. But we're converting a lot of customers over time. And so it's -- a lot of that has been a share game on top of what's happening to the market. So in other words, Andrew, we're getting direct signals from people on higher demand to get our supply chains ready. But to be clear, I would not use us as a bellwether for the semiconductor market. We are not the right people to talk to about that.
Andrew Buscaglia: Got it. Okay. And then I know people are kind of taking up this question a bit, but it's -- you hurt your sales only about 2% -- or you'll do about 2% this year. And you really -- you drove a really impressive incremental margin off of that. That's on the heels of strong incrementals in the prior year. So the question is how long can you keep this up at -- if you're only -- it sounds like, correct me if I'm wrong, you're implying about 2% plus or minus in 2020 for the top line. So it just seems unrealistic that expansion is likely.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I think -- so there are a couple of things that really matter there. The first one is the overall top line, when you -- when we are -- I want to call it 2% is kind of the tipping point, right? And 2%, you're covering your inflation, you can still get incremental margins. You get north of 2%, 3%, 4%, you start to really drive those incremental margins in that 30% to 35% range. But 2% is about where you hit parity with just offsetting normal inflation that happens in the business. So overall, kind of that volume number matters. Second, that price cost -- what you get between price and cost, if we can keep that 30% to 40%, that will play into that first part and certainly adds to any kind of expansion that you drive for here going out. So look, if we're sub 2% growth rates, it's going to be harder to get any kind of expansion, and we work to really hold the line is what we work to do. And if you get north of 2%, we'll absolutely get expansion just with the normal contribution and the price leverage that we get.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And I guess, the flip side is you're -- you sound like it's unlikely margins will degrade much, if anything.
Andrew Silvernail: So let's take the other scenario. So let's say we're down next year. And we've talked about kind of how we thought about that, and I'm going to bore you guys for a second, but our overall playbook is looking at what I call a vanilla recession, looks at kind of 5% down. That's $125 million of top line coming down, that would be about $75 million unabated that would hit the bottom line. Our goal would be to offset that by about $25 million of cost reductions, and so you can do the math on how that works out. We're -- in that kind of environment, we're going to be super thoughtful. I mean could you go further? Could you go deeper? Have we done that in the past? We have, but we won't do that. And as I've said to you all in the past, if that scenario plays out that I'm talking about, we are going to make sure that we keep reinvesting aggressively in the business. And so that $25 million range is about what you can do and not have to make other very, very hard trade-offs. And so we would make sure that we're super thoughtful. Again, we're investing in those critical priorities around our people and the really attractive businesses we have in terms of innovating in those profit pools. But that's how we're thinking about it generally.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen.
Joseph Giordano: Apologies in advance, you might have covered this. I got disconnected for a little bit in the beginning of the Q&A here. But when I look at your CapEx, generally, it scales up in the second half of the year. Clearly, you have some markets moving other ways and you're being cautious, but how should we think about that level for the rest of the year and into next year?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So we're going to be at about $55 million, which is about $5 million less, and that was not our intention. It's a matter of timing and the ability to actually get some stuff in within the fourth quarter. So that $55 million, $60 million range, that's a healthy range with our business right now, and I would expect that to be similar going into next year, plus or minus.
Joseph Giordano: Okay. And then is your fourth quarter in HST -- I know some of it seems timing related with the order decline there, but is that like a direct impact into the revenue number that you anticipate for Q4 there?
Andrew Silvernail: I don't think it's a big impact. It's just that timing of that order, those things are blankets that are going to be in the future. So I'm not -- I don't think that's a real impact to the fourth quarter.
William Grogan: Yes. I mean, OEMs, when they place it, we've had some volatility between Q3, Q4 and Q1 that have created some noise in the comps there.
Joseph Giordano: Okay. And then if I could just clarify something, Andy, I think you -- in your downside analysis that you just ran through on a 5% decline, did you say $75 million would come off, like, unabated to the bottom line on $125 million decline. Did I just hear that?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I'm just using the -- if you do nothing, right, and effectively, it flows through at what we call material margin, right, so material contribution or value added, that's what it would be if we did nothing, right? So that's 50% of the contribution margins of the company.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. There are no other questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing remarks.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, thank you very much, Doug. I appreciate it. And thank you all for your time and attention here on our call. Again, in this kind of volatile environment that we've all been living in, I could not be more proud of the team in terms of how they have executed and delivered for -- really, for our customers first and then for our people and also for you, our shareholders. So we're thrilled about that. We appreciate the support that we get from the investment community. And with that, we will say goodbye and talk to you here again in 90 days. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you. You may begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, I'm Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX second quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our Company's financial and operating performance for the three months ending June 30, 2019 and later today we will file our 10-Q. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our Company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today as follows: We will begin with Andy providing an overview and an update on market conditions, geographies, and our capital deployment. Bill then will discuss our second quarter financial results and walk you through our operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, Andy will wrap up with an outlook for the third quarter and the full-year 2019. Following these prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 136-841-63 or you may simply log on to our Company's homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder, today’s call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn our call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate you joining us to discuss our 2019 second quarter operating results. Let me start with a few summary points on the results. Q2 was solid and I'm very pleased with these performance in a choppy economic environment. Bill is going to walk you through some financial details in a bit, but overall we delivered 3% organic growth in the quarter, our 10th consecutive quarter of organic growth. The 3% was slightly below our expectations, but considering the lingering trade tensions and the uncertainty in the macro environment, I was happy with the result. Our price and productivity initiatives continue to drive outstanding margin and capital return regardless of commercial environment. We delivered another record EPS in the quarter. As we look at the balance of the year, we're confident in our ability to execute in times of volatility. As such, for raising the low end of our full-year guidance by $0.08, our guide is now $5.78 to $5.85 per share. Finally, before I go into details, I want to take a moment to welcome Velcora Holdings and its two product lines Roplan and Steridose to the IDEX family. We're very excited about the possibilities this acquisition brings to our Sealing Solutions platform and I'm confident the acquisition will prove to be a great addition to our portfolio. With that, let me start the call with the look at the regions we do business in. The overall global economic output remains uncertain. Companies are employing a wait-and-see approach and slowing down larger project activities as they wait for some resolution to the various geopolitical situations across the world. We believe that the underlying fundamentals in North America remains strong due to high levels of employment and expanding wages. Markets continue to grow, but at a slower rate versus the first quarter. In Asia, there are some pockets of strong performance, but the overall Asian economic performance decelerated due to uncertainty driven by the ongoing trade conflicts in China and the election cycle in India. Finally, the Eurozone was flat year-over-year. We see pressure in Germany as auto, tooling, and general industrial markets softened, given the apprehension in the UK as the future of Brexit is still unknown. All right, let me turn to the markets we serve. The industrial markets are generally performing well, driven by OEM and project wins. However, we're seeing softness in daily distribution orders and project closure timing is becoming harder to predict, despite the strong funnel. Demand continues to be robust across key life science markets. Strong performance continued to in IVD/BIO as our partnership with our customers continue to drive innovation and bring new products to market. The energy market is relatively flat with strong North American truck demand and good performance of commercial aviation offset by lower LPG project volume. U.S. ag, continues to be solid. Our overall farmer sentiment is low with continued tariff impacts and the challenging 2019 planting seasons. OEMs are reacting to the slowdown with an extended mid-year shutdowns. Municipal markets in North America remain stable. We see some slowness in Europe were political uncertainty is leading to project delays and the China markets are softening, but India remains strong. The semiconductor market continues to be driven down at high inventory levels and memory chips as well as lower consumer sales of smartphones. We do not expect this market to pick up in the back half of the year. Finally, the slowdown in global light vehicle sales drove softness in our automotive exposure, especially in China. Okay, let me switch to capital deployment. As I mentioned earlier, I'm very excited to welcome Velcora Holdings and the Roplan and Steridose product lines to the IDEX family. These businesses will mess nicely with our Sealing Solutions of portfolio, and we're confident at our current product offering. We deployed $137 million in capital on the deal to paid about 13x 2019 EBITDA. We expect the deal to achieve double-digit cash on cash returns in the near future. We're still working through the purchase accounting associated with the transaction, but we don't expect to deal to the material to a 2019 adjusted EPS. As usual or closely with their teams integrate the business in IDEX family, and we look forward to the long-term returns I'll provide. M&A continued to be a priority for us and the funnel remains strong. Our teams continue to evaluate several deals as we continue to look for high quality assets to that portfolio. In addition in the quarter, we were purchased $3 million of stock at an average purchase price of $155 and we returned $38 million to shareholders via dividends. With that, we pause here for a moment. I'll turn it over to Bill, who's now talk about the financial results and the segment discussion.
William Grogan: Thanks, Andy. I'll start with our second quarter financial results on Slide 4. Q2 orders were $628 million were down 2% overall, the flat organically, each of the segments were flat year-over-year. I'll get into more detail and covering the segments, but I would say there are three main drivers for order performance. First, the softness we are seeing in ag, semi and auto impacted orders by about 150 basis points. Secondly, you unresolved trade conflict and continued geopolitical uncertainties are creating caution in the markets and we're seeing customers pause on large projects investment across the segments. And finally, we're comping back to back years of over 8% organic growth for the second quarter. Q2 revenue of $642 million was up 1% overall and 3% organically, driven by 3% organic growth across all segments. We expanded second quarter gross margins by 20 basis points to 45.5%, primarily due to price, volume leverage and production efficiencies, partially offset by continued investments in engineering related to new product development. Q2 adjusted operating margin was 24.5% and all-time quarterly high for IDEX and up 90 basis points compared with the adjusted prior year period, mainly driven by our gross margin expansion in lower SG&A costs. Q2 adjusted net income was $150 million resulting in record, high adjusted EPS of $1.50, up $0.10 or 7% over prior year adjusted EPS. Our second quarter effective tax rate was 21.7% same as prior year, but 80 basis points lower than our previously guided amount, primarily due to higher access tax benefit from greater than expected stock option exercises in the quarter. Free cash flow was solid at $118 million of 8% over the last year and 103% of adjusted net income. This was our highest Q2 free cash flow of all time. Finally, in regards to the balance sheet, gross and net debt leverage remain very healthy. The combination of our strong balance sheet, capacity on our revolver and free cash flow provides us the ability to deploy $2 billion in the next 12 months for the right M&A opportunities, while still maintaining our investment grading. I'll now turn to the segment discussion. I'm on Slide 5, starting with Fluid & Metering. Q2 orders were down 2% overall and flat organically, mainly driven by the market cautious sediment we mentioned earlier, market contraction in the ag market and lower projects and energy. Q2 sales were up 1% overall and up 3% organically. All businesses other than Banjo grew organically in the quarter. Despite some market choppiness in North American distribution, FMT continues to perform well overall driven by a successful targeted growth initiatives in the industrial space along with solid OEM demand as well as our ability to capitalize in the favorable chemical market conditions. Both our Viking and Richter businesses posted record sales for the second quarter in a row, driving strong growth in our pumps and valves businesses. The municipal water business remains steady and the oil and gas market conditions have stabilized a bit. As I mentioned before, the only business in this segment that contracted year-over-year was Banjo, which is impacted by the overall Ag market dynamics. We're keeping a close eye on preseason order patterns that generally occur in Q3 as an indicator to see if there is a chance for a rebound in 2020. Finally, excluding restructuring expense, operating margin was 30.5%, up 100 basis points over the adjusted prior year quarter, mainly due to price, volume, leverage and productivity initiatives, partially offset by higher engineering investments. Let's move on to Health Science turning to Slide 6. Q2 orders were down 1% overall, but flat organically, mainly driven by the market pressure in Semicon and automotive. From a sales perspective, Q2 sales were up 2% overall and 3% organically, driven by our strong performance across all segments of our life science business. As we continue to grow through targeted MPT efforts in collaboration with our key customers and leveraging strong secular growth trends. At gas, we continue to see project wins with our MPT launch in the food and beverage space, driving double-digit revenue expansion. In MPT, they have built a strong backlog driven by growth in the Pharma market and we look for them to have strong back half of the year. Finally, the unfavorable market conditions in Semicon and Auto negatively affected our sealing platform and created headwinds the overall sales and orders for the segment as sealing was down 18% in orders and 6% in sales organically for the quarter. From a margin perspective, excluding restructuring expenses, operating margin increased 100 basis points to 24.6%. This was primarily due to higher volume and lower amortization, partially offset by higher growth investments. I'm now moving on to our final segment diversified. I'm on Slide 7. Q2 orders were down 3% overall and flat organically, driven by a tough comp in dispensing due to a larger project order in the prior year. They were down 22% in orders for the quarter. Q2 revenues were flat overall, but up 3% organically and I'll provide more color on that in a minute. Operating margin of 27.1% decreased 100 basis points in the quarter. This was driven by dispensing as they delevered on their lower project volume. Sequentially, this segment was up 130 basis points versus Q1. Our FSD segments performance was mainly driven by solid results in our fire and safety businesses. On the fire side, we continue to capture OEM demand and our cast products are performing well and the launch of our SAM product is getting a lot of attention in the market. Within rescue, we are capitalizing on strong tool demand and seeing positive momentum around our MPT programs. Our hydraulic watertight tool that we launched at the beginning of the quarter is seeing high demand. At BAND-IT, its performance remained strong despite general softness in the auto market and lower industrial sales. However, we continue to win in the aerospace and several other niche verticals. Dispensing story remains challenging. As I mentioned earlier, the business was down double-digits compared to prior year due to a tough comp against some large project wins last year. We expect the business to be marginally better in the second half, but still down. There will continue to be a drag in the segment for the balance of the year. I'll now pass it back to Andy to provide an update on our 2019 guidance.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks Bill. So to wrap things up, let me summarize some additional details regarding our 2019 guidance for both the third quarter and the full-year. I'm on the last slide, Slide 8. In Q3, we're projecting EPS to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.47, organic revenue growth of approximately 3%, and op margin at about 24%. We are estimating a 1% topline headwind from FX, assuming the June 30 rates, which translates into $0.01 impact of EPS. Q2 effective tax rate should be about 22.5% and we expect to spend about $20 million in corporate costs. If you look at the full-year for 2019 again, we're raising the low end of our full-year EPS guidance $0.08, our new guidance is $5.78 to $5.85. Full-year organic revenue is projected to be 3% to 4% and op margin again about 24%. And the same with the next quarter, we expect the total FX impact as June 30 rates to be 1%. The full-year effective tax rates should be about 21.5%. We're expecting to spend about $60 million in CapEx, free cash flow should be about 105% of net income, and corporate costs should be in the $78 million to $80 million range. As always, our earnings guidance excludes any associated costs with future acquisitions or restructuring. With that, operator let's turn it over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Deane.
Deane Dray: Maybe we should start with the macro since that seems to be where most of the uncertainty is. And Andy, we were with you last at EPG and you were clearly signaling at that time, you were seeing choppy daily orders and that seems to have come through in the results today. Couple of questions to start with. What was the cadence of the quarter? You've heard a lot of different commentary from the company's about the months in the quarter. So how did that progresses you? And then some color on the distribution side, sell-in and sell-through?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So the overall cadence was different Deane than we've been experiencing here for the last year. I think in several conversations that I've had with people, I've noted that in the past year, maybe year and a half, we've seen this cycle in the quarter where you've had – have a weak month, and maybe a slightly better month and then a relatively strong month. That's been the pattern here for quite some time. And the pattern was different. For the first time, we didn't see that ramp up in the last month of the quarter. I will say that the early part of July is stable, right. So you're not seeing a decline in any time, which I think is positive. But you didn't see that uptick in the last month of the quarter like we have seen in the past. And so, I think that really notes well to a decelerating environment, which is what we're experiencing certainly from last year, first quarter to this year. So frankly, no surprise, it's kind of what we've been expecting here for some time. I think we've tried to do a good job of communicating that and I think we're in the environment that we expected to be here coming into the year.
Deane Dray: And the view from the distributor sell-in and sell-through?
Andrew Silvernail: Unlike a lot of folks, we don't have a lot of off-the-shelf distribution. We do have some, it's been fine. We don't see any major areas of stocking or destocking. I think that the biggest thing relative to folks is, they're very cautious, whether it's in the distribution network or the OEMs, people are pretty cautious about anything with the big ticket. And so I think we're going to see that until you get some certainty back into the marketplace. The interesting thing about it is it doesn't feel like it's driven by what I'll call fundamental demand of under capacity or overcapacity, which is typically what happens. This really feels a manmade. And so the encouraging part of that is did you get some resolution on some of these things, I think demand snaps back pretty quickly. I think the discouraging part of it is, it doesn't really look like that's going to happen anytime in the near future.
Deane Dray: Yes. That’s really helpful. And just kind of extend the manmade observation, it's manmade and not execution. And that's pretty clear to us. And just last question for me, and if there's ever a time to be asking this, it's now your barometer business. You always BAND-IT, Warren Rupp and gas, and BAND-IT looks like it's holding up versus even with auto being weak and gas had a good quarter. So take us through the barometers.
Andrew Silvernail: It's a mixed bag. What I would say is on the daily rate business, you definitely see softness. BAND-IT and gas in particular have actually won nice chunks of business, but there are larger chunks of business that had been part of our targeted growth list. Warren Rupp is actually holding in. And so if I look across the board, it's a mixed bag, all in all equally in deceleration.
Deane Dray: Terrific. Really good color. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks Deane.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak-Cusic with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Can we go back to Health & Science orders, I think Bill you said, the semi and auto part was putting pressure about, I think it was down 18% in orders. Can you talk to maybe the life science and MPT and some of what the order trends you're seeing on that side?
William Grogan: Yes. So life science is really solid and no concerns there. The MPT has a very good funnel of work, they've been working on, Allison, as well as anyone that's pretty lumpy, but generally, it's a good funnel of work they have there. The concerns are all around semiconductor and auto, the Sealing business you said 18 down, that was a Sealing business in particular. And that they have our largest chunk of semiconductor exposure. So they're facing some headwinds, they’re semi and auto. And so they're facing some headwinds there, but really good execution and most of the Sealing platform, which is nice to see. So I think those are just part of those cyclical markets generally, otherwise very happy with the profit expansion that we saw in HST that's a record for us. And I know this time last year we had some questions about whether or not we were going to expand margins at the same time of click that we had in other parts of the company. And I think we've demonstrated that we can do that. And I think the life science stuff is in really good shape.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great. And then can we just touch on Velcora's, a little bit more color on there. Just in terms of growth rate margin? Is it leveraged to any significant customers that we need to be mindful of?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So first of all, and this is a terrific business. We've known about this business for a long time. But we cultivated the business ourselves. It's a wonderful thing principally road plan, which is that the 85% of business is a mechanical Sealing business. A lot of exposure into faster growing parts of the market into life sciences and just generally good positioning across the board, the businesses is profitable, it's an eidetic like business and we think quite a bit offside frankly. It's a well-run company that really terrific team of people, but we think not unlike when we bought PPE back here quite some time ago and nine years ago now, that business, the margins have I think more than double that PPE in a period of time. Probably won't do that, but there's a lot of upside in terms of profit and growth rates.
William Grogan: And not heavily concentrated across a small group of customers.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So it's life science, food and beverage and then general industrial.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: You bet Allison.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Halloran: So just a quick tack on to that, what's the accretion embedded in the guidance associated with the acquisition?
William Grogan: Nothing as of now, we're still working through final purchase accounting. We'll give guidance once we complete that come out of the third quarter, but nothing material, maybe a penny or two or most.
Michael Halloran: Okay. So then – on the acquisition M&A commentary very strong robust pipeline. Maybe you could talk a little bit about actionability. I know that's been a hurdle in the past. It's on a little bit more constructive.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so it's, look we've talked about here for quite some time. We've been working on a ton of stuff and walked away from a lot of things. So it's the pipeline looks good. We've got a bunch of things that we're working on. Actionability is very hard to estimate. In this environment we found time and again that you've had people who have been willing to pay, kind of an exorbitant price at the end of a discussion. The quarter was terrific because we were the only ones in there at a very constructive long-term conversation going on and was in an auction, the rest of the environment frankly, is unchanged from when we talked about it 90 days ago Mike.
Michael Halloran: All right, makes sense. And then just from a guidance perspective, understanding how you get to that 3% to 4% range, obviously orders, 3%-ish plus or minus starting the year here. When you look to the back half of the year, is this about comps easing where the time you hit the fourth quarter that that helps get to that range? Is it about the cadence that you're expecting from an end market perspective? Maybe just give some puts and takes and how you get to that 3% based on the environment today and then whether or not there's continued deceleration in the environment embedded in that assumption?
Andrew Silvernail: We don't have anything competitive in terms of further deceleration. We have not estimated that basically at the levels that we're at today. We kind of take it in straight line and that's what it is. It's the fourth quarter that we have a much easier cost. The second, third quarter is a tougher comps, a fourth quarters, a significantly easier comp. There's no significant change. There's no one major inflection that has to happen for us to get to these numbers.
Michael Halloran: That makes sense. I appreciate it.
William Grogan: Q2 is the larger order. We decelerate a little bit just for the seasonality in Q3. So to your point, flat orders at a larger number yielding into Q3 is not straight math.
Michael Halloran: I appreciate that Bill. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone. Just maybe following onto Mike's question and your answer to that, I mean it sounds like you're – the back half off of the year guidance embed normal seasonality, not getting better, not getting worse, largely across the portfolio. Maybe you could talk about the things that could make it get worse, could make it gets better, relative to what your current expectation is?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I wish I had a brilliant answer for you, Nathan. I think it's all the macro, frankly. We're going to work our body of product and customer opportunities and continue to push for our consistent 200 bps above market. I think is all going to depend upon the global economy. I'm not sure that we're going to swing at one way or the other, meaningfully off our current trajectory different than that.
Nathan Jones: Fair enough. Maybe on margins particularly FMT in case anybody missed it, I think you crossed 30% margins there for the first time, so congrats on that. Is that the kind of level that you guys think you can maintain there? What businesses in that segment have the opportunity to improve margins a bit more? If we're starting to slowing growth there, should we expect to see incrementals dropping to that kind of 30 to 35 range? I think you expect when you're seeing lower growth here. And does that mean we should see margins flatten out year?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I think at the current volume levels that we're at, I'm not – I think we're about at the right level of profitability. On an increase in volume, you've still got headroom here, because of the very high incrementals. At the end of the good part here is, we have – we don't have a huge mix of margin. We have some margin mix here, but we've got a lot of businesses that are now kind of pushing up against this higher 20s number. So assuming that the world that fall apart on us, that margin will feels pretty good. At the same time, we've all got to be candid. This is a very high contribution margin business and if the business turns down, it's going to have a steep dropdown. That's just the way it is. We have continued to plans that we've talked about before on these calls. And it's why we have been cautious in some degree about our market outlook. And so my point of view is we're a very healthy margin level now. We have further incrementals and FMT and in other parts of the business, based on the high contribution margins and our ability to get priced. And we are preparing as we always do, if we have softening to make sure we're appropriately, resetting the business and taking out some costs in line with volume.
Nathan Jones: You guys have always made it pretty clear that you have those kinds of contingency plans for economic downturns. Are there businesses now where you actually need to enact some of those plans? Are they places where you need to take costs out currently with where the economy is?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, definitely. If you look across the 40 businesses, if you look at the folks who are more focused on auto, semi, ag, you absolutely have got to do that. And they've been doing that here since basically this time last year, in one way or the other. Just from a process standpoint and we're looking at this – number one, we're looking at this all the time. We'd go into any year, having a contingency plan that's very, very specific and I know I've said this in many venues before, but just the high level math of this whole thing. Our broader contingency plan is one that says, okay with the what I call, vanilla recession. We think the topline is down five points plus or minus, right? And that five points is equal do about $125 million unmitigated, that's going to be about $75 million in pretax profits. And we think that we can take out and not damage the business somewhere in that $20 million range pretty quickly. A bunch of it's volume related, a bunch of it services related, right size in certain places that have a larger overall impact. The end up with downside of call it somewhere between $50 million and $60 million. So $0.50 to $0.60 a share and so what that's kind of 8%, downside on a 5% in a topline downside. And that's the mentality that we've had and obviously as you move into the businesses, the contingency plans look different than that and not everybody is the same. But that's our mindset. And so as we things decelerated here, I mean, I don't – I'm not going to call it a recession, but we're prepared if that happens and we'll pull the trigger on things and some things make into your point. We are pulling the trigger on now, the small things that are being hit specifically with the volume declines. Bill, anything you wanted to add there?
William Grogan: Yes. I was going to highlight, we did take a couple of restructure actions in the quarter on those businesses that are seeing fundamental softness. So we continue to evaluate and as businesses underperform take action.
Nathan Jones: That's helpful color. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Two questions. First, just on the quarter, where were you in terms of price realization year-over-year and how did that compare to the inflationary pressure you're seeing in your businesses.
William Grogan: We continue to trend is that little over a point of price capture and at the high end of our historical price costs spread, about 30 to 40 basis points historically a little on the higher end here in the second quarter.
Andrew Silvernail: The team has done a super job with price and managing the spread and to build a point, we're on a little above our higher end that 30 to 40, which is good.
Matt Summerville: And then with respect to the HST overall, may be to an earlier comment, Andy. At this point, do you feel like that business is breaking into a new sort of higher level of margin potential? And can you maybe talk about, what areas you still can see sort of material improvement from here with the platforms that are currently in the HST portfolio?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I'm actually really, really proud of that team. We're at our record op margin there with Sealing down 18% with a pretty high incremental margins in that business. So when you set Sealing aside and you look at what the performance is of the rest of the business, it's pretty extraordinary and actually I’ll get the Sealing team a lot of credit managing that downside. They actually manage the cost structure really well too. So that's a good note. So I think we're in a good position. I’m line in it a little bit. If you went back to 2015, 2016. One of the things you guys couldn't see because the industrial businesses were getting kind of kicked around is we were in the process of restructuring a number of businesses within FMT. And that breakout and profitability that we've had here in the last 2 years, 2.5 years was about that, right? We have reset the margin structure of the business and when volume came back, you've now see what has happened to profitably at FMT. I don't think HST has that much upside. I'm not going to say that, but I think what you're seeing with us having a record with a key piece of the business being down and the fact that they're holding margin. When you see that pick back up, I think that bodes well for improvement in the overall HST margin structure in the future.
William Grogan: Yes, we did two plant consolidations with an HST in two, one with an MPT and one within the life science space. So there were some structural actions, I think to help us get it.
Matt Summerville: Yes.
William Grogan: And to this point to add Andy's comment probably not hugely increases going forward, more relations – yes it's that.
Andrew Silvernail: One thing to note, Matt and everyone should pay attention to this. Velcora is going to land into HST. They're bringing some amortization there. It's a little bit – the margins are a little bit lower than the HST average anyway. And so you will see some dilution on that as we go forward a little bit.
Matt Summerville: Thanks you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Linzey: Hey, just wanting to come back to incremental margins and really thinking about the Q3 framework and the implicit in Q4. If you just look at incrementals, at the midpoint, it does imply incrementals that are just naturally above what those businesses typically do? Are you throttling back some investment spending, or is it just some of that price cost benefit you're going to see here in the second half? Any color there?
Andrew Silvernail: We are not throttling back investment spending at all. You're going to see – we're going to hit that $60 million number for CapEx. As I've mentioned to you before, they're kind of 25 major programs or projects that myself, Bill and Eric Ashleman and then the rest of the team really focusing on and we are funding those. There are some places that are in cyclical downturns that we're pulling back. But in our places that we're betting – we're continuing to – into that. And one of the things that I'm really intent on and we're having – one of the reasons I'm so straightforward with you guys about what we're going to do if there's a downturn and it's exactly the conversation we're having with our Board because if you get the scenario that I outlined before, what I don't want to do is go and take another $10 million or $20 million out because with that you will cut throttled down investment. And if you have a recession that's six or 12 months, the last thing we want to do is might go a bunch of really critical people that you wont be able to hire back in this tight environment in the future. So I want to invest that $10 million or $20 million, so we can continue that to have better than market growth rates. So we're keeping going and we're going to trim back on places that are weaker. But we're going to keep investing.
William Grogan: And I think our price capture helps enable that.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, absolutely.
Brett Linzey: Okay, good. And then I guess just a follow-up to that. Specific to just restructuring, you did a little less than $4 million in the first half, I think $12 million in 2018. Do you expect this step that up in the second half for the year here?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I think you'll see a few more things happen here that that we've been seeing up. But unless things materially weaken, I think it will be maybe a little bit higher, but it's not going to be a breakout number.
Brett Linzey: Okay, good. And then just the last question, regarding the channel. Maybe you could just compare and contrast what you're seeing in distribution versus direct in OE specific to orders. How did that look in the quarter and then really into July here? Thanks.
Andrew Silvernail: I'll have Bill comment on this, it sounds too. He's done a lot of work in this area, but there are two things that were different in the second quarter on the orders front then in the first quarter. The first thing is that larger projects and we've seen this pattern for the last eight years, since I've been CEO. We see this pattern happen with when the softening kicks in, the larger scale stuff gets pushed out and you started to see that happen. That was one thing we have seen kind of larger projects get delayed. And then secondarily, what we saw happen in the throughout the quarter was the day rate business in some of these very short cycle businesses came down. And so that's what kind of played out. The good news is again, July has held up that if you're not seeing a sequential decline anymore, which is a good thing. But you are seeing a little bit lower level than if you compare it to the first quarter or the fourth quarter of last year in terms of the order book.
Brett Linzey: Okay, good. I appreciate the color?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Joh. Berenberg. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey guys. Can you talk a little bit about, so you mentioned you made the comment that some of this is – sluggishness is man-made? But have mind suggest with semiconductors and auto and even ag, I would say that could be a prolonged decline. So trying to triangulate what you're seeing maybe are too niche to be impacted by that. But what is your comment on that.
William Grogan: Well, maybe one comment. The corollary we saw in May when there was a tweet around potential tariffs with Mexico, our industrial business saw immediate response in reduction in day rates. So that corollary around this being not fundamental economics versus caution in the broader economy is somewhat of what we're basing at early on.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. And also – and you recognized that auto, semi, ag and total is 12% of the business, 10% of the business.
William Grogan: Yes, we are less.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So you've got to recognize it that I'm referring to basically 90% of the business that is not bad stuff. And so as you look, if you break down life sciences, you break down municipal, you break down general, industrial, that's more of what I'm referencing. And look, if we couldn't see that – Bill described, if you couldn't see that corollary between those things and how fast that happens, it's really remarkable. And back to the question that I got earlier about our canary businesses, we saw those in particular, I mean, if you snap your finger and as you get good news, bad news out of some of these trade and economic issues, we see it show up in our order book really quickly.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then maybe just a more specific one within Health & Science technologies, one of your larger customers, Illumina had a weak quarter, did you guys look into that as anything concerning there given that they're kind of a barometer for what you do in biotech?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So we're super careful about commenting on any customers. I think what I would say, and this is a broader statement – sometimes people forget what we sell into these marketplaces and we're selling components that are going into instruments. And a lot of these businesses you see some of their outsized impact, positive or negative is really their reagents. And so the key to look at for us is our growth versus instrument sales. And what I can say very broadly throughout the marketplace is we track well and I would say take incremental share. And that's a broader statement than any one customer.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Joe Giordano with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is Robert in for Joe. I just wanted to go back to [indiscernible] trajectory that we saw in Q2, is that slowing down. Would now be the time to start to think about the possibility of orders start to turn negative going forward. Could you provide any color on that?
Andrew Silvernail: I don't think so. Robert, the information that we have thus far wouldn't suggest that. But with that being said, let's just, I mean I think all of us are looking at this environment the same way. It is materially slowed sequentially. I think that the risk of recession has absolutely gone up, there's no doubt about that. But we have not seen any evidence of that as yet.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Silvernail for any final comments.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Melissa. I appreciate that. Thank you to all of you for joining us on the call today. Once again, very proud of the work that the team has done in this pretty choppy environment. The levels of execution, the levels of focus on the areas that matter most to us and really building the culture of this company to continue to perform regardless of environment is what we have worked very hard to do. And so I appreciate your time and I look forward to talking to you again here throughout the quarter and then in the next 90 days. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, Mr. Yates. You may begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Doug. Good morning everyone. This is Mike Yates. I'm Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX first quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months ending March 31, 2019. And later today, we will file our 10-Q. The press release along with the presentation slides be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview and an update on market conditions, geographies and our capital deployment strategies. Bill will then discuss our first quarter financial results and walk through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, Andy will wrap-up the call with an outlook for the quarter and the full year 2019. Following these prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID number 13684162 or you may simply log onto our company's homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn our call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining us for our first quarter call. I'd like to start with some key themes. Q1 results were strong and somewhat better than our expectations from 90 days ago. Bill will walk you through the details, but overall I'm pleased with our organic growth in both orders and sales, the team's execution was outstanding driving operating margin expansion and cash flow and this helped us deliver another quarterly EPS record driven by both operational outperformance and favorable tax rate. Momentum continued in our industrial, municipal and life science markets both partially offset by softness in ag and semicon as well as some lumpiness in our project-oriented businesses, specifically dispensing and MPT. There were some concerns of slowing global economic – the global economy and those do remain, but we're confident in our ability to grow faster than the underlying markets as result of our market-leading positions, our ability to capture price, and deliver on our targeted growth initiatives. Putting it all together, we're raising our full year EPS guidance while maintaining our organic revenue growth expectations. Now, I'd like to take a moment and talk about what we're seeing across the markets we serve and the regions we do business in. In the industrial market, the overall conditions remain favorable with continued strength in OEM and our targeted growth initiatives. We are however seeing some day rate volatility in pockets of our business, due to customer caution about the macro outlook. In Scientific Fluidics and Optics, our life science, our markets continue to expand. Our IVD/BIO business is leveraging new product launches and platform wins to our growth and the AI market demand remains solid. In Energy, we're seeing some rebound due to the higher oil prices. Mobile truck builder demand is increasing and we're seeing positive signs in the aviation fueling space. In municipal, the North American market continues to modestly expand. Our focus remains on new product development notably a recent launch of new hydraulic tool in our SAM system and Fire & Rescue, as well as continued expansion in emerging markets. In ag, we're expressing some contraction due to macro uncertainty around the soybean tariffs and the OEM slowdowns. We are seeing some growth in Latin America and Europe, but North America is a challenge. In semicon, we continue to see broad-based pressure by lower investments in Asia and the downturn in memory chip demand after substantial growth in 2017 and 2018. In auto, as you all know, there's been a slowdown of global light vehicle sales and that's driven some softness in this market, but as you know that's a relatively small piece for us. Now, let's move on to the geographic outlook. Sales across the majority of geographies performed well in the quarter with North America leading the way. Asia was positive, specifically India and China was primarily driven by our initiatives versus the macro trends. The European economy lost some traction in Q1 and we saw some supply chain disruptions ahead of Brexit. And finally, we are seeing some softness in the German economy. Nevertheless, our targeted growth initiatives and new products continued to drive positive results around the globe. All right. Let me turn now to capital deployment. M&A continues to be a priority for us. With that said, there remains a challenge in the current environment, due to valuation. Our teams have evaluated several deals, but our approach has not changed and we will remain very disciplined with our return framework. We will only close on a deal that fits the IDEX sales competition and delivers long-term value for our shareholders. This remains our number one priority. As I said, our balance sheet it is very healthy our gross leverage is 1.3 times and our net leverage is 0.6 times. When the right deal comes along for IDEX, we will capitalize on it. In terms of the other capital deployment, we did repurchase $52 million of stock in the quarter at an average price of about $140 a share. We also returned $33 million to our shareholders via dividends. Let me know turn it over to Bill, who is going to go over our financial results and our segment discussion.
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Andy. I'll start with our first quarter financial results on slide 4. Q1 orders of $655 million was an all-time record, and was up 4% overall and 6% organically. All three segments were up with FMT leading the way. Q1 revenue was $622 million, up 2% overall and 4% organically. We expanded gross margins by 40 basis points to 45.6%, primarily due to price, production efficiencies, and volume leverage, partially offset by investments in engineering related to new product development. Our Q1 operating margin was 23.8%, up 120 basis points compared with the adjusted prior year period, mainly driven by our gross margin expansion, lower intangible amortization, and lower variable compensation costs. Q1 net income was $110 million resulting in record-high EPS of $1.44, up $0.15 or 12% over prior period -- prior year adjusted EPS. Our Q1 effective tax rate was 19.5%, which was lower than the 24% in the prior year period, mainly due to an increase in foreign tax credits, discrete tax expense in the prior year period, and the mix of global pre-tax income. The first quarter ETR of 19.5% was also 300 basis points, lower than our previously guided amount, mainly due to a higher excess tax benefit from greater than expected stock option exercises in the quarter. This lower tax rate accounted for five out of the seven EPS favorability compared to the midpoint of our previous guidance. The remaining $0.02 of EPS favorability was operationally driven. Free cash flow was solid at $76 million, up 12% over the last year, and 69% of net income. This was our highest Q1 free cash flow of all time. In regards to the balance sheet no change here. Gross and net leverage remain very healthy. The combination of our strong balance sheet capacity on our revolver and free cash flow provides us with an ability to deploy $2 billion in the next 12 months for the right opportunities. I'll now turn to the segment discussion. I'm on slide 5, starting with Fluid & Metering. FMT continues to deliver strong numbers, from both an order and revenue perspective. Q1 orders were up 8% overall and 10% organically. Q1 sales were up 4% overall and 6% organically. Op margin was strong at 29.6%, up 110 basis points over the adjusted prior year quarter, mainly due to price, volume leverage and productivity initiatives. As Andy mentioned earlier, we are seeing some day rate fluctuation in pockets of the business, but overall the fundamental strength within the industrial sector continues to drive solid results. Our Viking and Richter businesses posted record order and sales in Q1 with continued project wins in the processing and chemical markets across the globe. The municipal water business remains steady, and the oil and gas market conditions have improved due to oil price increases and stabilization. The only business in this segment that contracted year-over-year was Banjo. The concerns we highlighted with the ag market in Q4 materialized in Q1, and we continue to be cautious on the balance of the outlook for Banjo. Overall, the targeted growth efforts across our businesses in this segment continue to gain wins and market share. Let's move on to Health & Science turning to slide 6. Q1 orders were flat overall, but up 1% organically. We highlighted on our last call, we expected a tougher comp for HST orders due to an OEM blanket we received early in Q4 of last year. Along with the last time buy we offered customers in Q1 of 2018, as we eliminated the product line as part of the Rochester COE project. Normalizing for the items, orders would have been up 5% organically for the segment. From a sales perspective, Q1 sales were up 2% overall and 3% organically. I'll give you a bit more color on this in a minute. Operating margin increased 10 basis points to 24%. This was primarily due to lower amortization. Core margin performance was negatively impacted by lower project volume in FX and MPT. Overall, HST's performance was primarily driven by continued success in Scientific Fluidics and Optics. Underlying AI and IVD/BIO markets remain positive and we continue to grow through targeted NPD efforts in collaboration with our key customers. Gast saw strong underlying industrial OEM demand and solid execution on our growth initiatives in the food and beverage market. On the negative side, organic growth was impacted by contraction in our sealing business, which was affected by both a downturn in semicon and lower auto sales. Finally, MPT backlog remains strong and has grown sequentially versus last quarter, but timing of project shipments is skewed towards later quarters in the year due to longer lead times. I'm now moving on to our final segment, Diversified. I'm on Slide 7. Q1 orders were up 5% overall and 9% organically. Revenues were down 2% overall, but up 1% organically. Operating margin of 25.8% increased 90 basis points in the quarter. This was mainly attributable to price, productivity initiatives, more than offsetting our volume decreases. FST's performance was driven by our Fire & Rescue business continuing to see growth across most of the product categories and geographies with several project wins resulting from new product launches. Band-IT saw growth in several of its verticals with aerospace leading the way. They also had some nice project wins in cable management. Our dispensing business was down around 15% organically for the quarter as they had a tough comp against some larger projects last year. We expect them to recover some as we progress through the year but will be down overall for the full year based upon timing of customer replenishment cycles. I'll now pass it back to Andy to provide an update on our 2019 guidance.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Bill. So, let's wrap things up and I'm going to summarize here with some additional details on 2019 for both the second quarter and the full year I'm on the last slide and that's slide 8. In Q2, we're estimating EPS $1.47 to $1.50 with organic revenue growth in the range of 4% to 5% and operating margin about 24%. We're projecting 2% topline headwind from FX based on the March 31st rates which translates to $0.02 headwind in EPS. Q2 effective tax rate is expected to be about 22.5% and corporate cost will be around $20 million. Looking at the full year, we're raising our full year EPS guidance. We now expect earnings to be in the range of $5.70 to $5.85. Full year organic revenue growth remains the same at 4% to 5% with operating margin of about 24%. Topline FX impact will be about 1% based on the March 31 rates. For the full year, we expect our tax rate to be about 22%, CapEx to be about $60 million, and free cash flow in the range of 105% to 110%, and finally corporate cost in the range of $80 million to $82 million. As always our earnings guidance excludes any costs associated with future acquisitions or restructuring. With that, Doug, let me pause here and we're going to turn it over for questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak: Can we go back to commentary around MPT. I want to just make sure I understand that. I think Bill you were saying sales were weak in the quarter but you have a strong backlog so it's really timing of when those projects are getting delivered. Is that correct?
Bill Grogan: Yes, MPT is going to be down for the first half, but they will back up in the first half and overall positive for the full year.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, Allison, we actually did build backlog and we actually have a great backlog position in MPT, but it's along with dispensing. Those two tend to be -- is the most lumpy of our businesses and so we're going to see that backlog flush itself through in the back half.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then what are those one-time events that you referred to on the slide? Is that just the order commentary you are talking about?
Andy Silvernail: Correct.
Allison Poliniak: Okay, perfect. And then on acquisitions, we see a lot of dislocation in the markets here. Are you sensing -- I know it's been a long haul, but any sense of multiples kind of starting to pull in and any sort of change there that you think?
Andy Silvernail: Not really. It's been pretty consistent and I think for us, Allison, it really continues to be working it very hard and being patient and disciplined. Eventually something will break here but the last thing we want to do is do a really expensive deal that doesn't fit our framework. So, we're going to keep our discipline.
Allison Poliniak: Fair enough. And then last corporate expense, it looked that it was adjusted down a little bit. Is that just your cost control or is there something else in there?
Andy Silvernail: No, just a flow through of the favorable variable compensation that we incurred in the first quarter.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Allison.
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Michael Halloran from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Halloran: Good morning gentlemen.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning Mike.
Michael Halloran: So, I'm hoping to triangulate a couple of things here Andy. If I think back you were essentially projecting from an end-market perspective kind of a low single-digit environment with choppiness quarter-to-quarter. Is that still the case, any change there? And then secondarily could you triangulate that that with some of your leading indicator-type companies? I know you didn't -- I don't think you mentioned Warren Rupp could've missed, it but Gast and BAND-IT both were really strong in the quarter, so I'm hoping you can put those pieces together for me.
Andy Silvernail: So, it was actually mixed Mike. So, if you go back and you look at how the quarter developed, it was pretty soft in the first half of the quarter and then strength picked up pretty broadly as we got into the second half of the quarter. So, that was a good sign and obviously building backlog in the quarter and the 6% order rate is a good sign as we walk into Q2. That being said those businesses as we look it's been very short cycle that was mix too right. So, we had some -- if you strip out some really specific wins that we know we got and you look at the day rate business, pretty choppy in some places and then relatively strong as you lean more industrially pretty strong. So, I actually don't think that the point of view has changed much from when we talked 90 days ago.
Michael Halloran: Any different on the regional side?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, a little bit. I think Asia is probably a little bit better than we had expected, North America is just about what we had expected, and Europe's a little weaker.
Michael Halloran: Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hey Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey, maybe we can start with a review of some of these sector puts and takes that a number of the multi-industries have been commenting on either there were or were not affected. So, let's start with there were some issues about pull-forward of demand out of the first quarter into the fourth quarter. There was a company last night reported at the close, where it ended up being much bigger than they thought. Did you see any of that dynamic? Was that at all related to the softer start of the year for you guys?
Andy Silvernail: Not really. We had that one order in HST that we talked about at the end of the -- when we entered the quarter fourth quarter, but not a big deal.
Bill Grogan : And that wasn't tariff related somebody get ahead of something that was pure timing.
Andy Silvernail: No, no, no. no. That was pure timing with the customer. So generally, Deane, we're so short-cycled that we don't tend to -- we're so short-cycled and we're not generally an off-the-shelf product that we don't play a lot in some of these lack of better term games that you see out there. Last year we did see -- as the tariff stuff was taken in, we did see some crazy activity there between the second and third quarter, but in terms of looking at 2019, 2018, I don't think it's material for us.
Deane Dray: Good. And then I didn't hear weather come up at all, but when I hear about ag softness, there was a company Pantera had issues there with weather. Anything on your side?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. The only weather here was my house being shut down by the weather but…
Deane Dray: That was last quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Exactly, you're right. That was a little bit here and there, but not enough to have mattered. Specific to ag, look that market is just soft, and we saw it coming late last year. We had that bolus of activity that we cautioned everybody on that we didn't think was going to hold and that has been reality. And they're just going to have to work through their cycle. In terms of weather or not that's bottom yet. You got some people saying that I'm not sure. And so we're going to kind of hold off making that call at this stage. And -- but it's an important business for us but we think we have it triangulated in terms of the rest of the year.
Deane Dray: Good. And then just last one from me. Can you comment on price costs in the quarter? And any changes in the outlook for the year?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So we're still above 1% in pricing. Inflation did settle in a little bit, so we had -- we definitely had a little bit of incremental benefit relative to the expectation of that 30 bps to 40 bps so a little bit better than expected. So we think we're in a good spot for the rest of the year.
Deane Dray: Great to hear. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Deane.
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Two questions. First, in the prepared remarks, you referenced supply chain disruptions you saw in Europe. Can you get into a little bit more granular detail on that? And whether that's still with you here as we're into the second quarter at this point?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So Matt the bigger thing there was really specific to the U.K. and we have a number of businesses fire and sealing in particular that are in the U.K. And what you saw was you saw some hoarding of product as people were ramping up to that expected Brexit date. And so we'll see how that plays itself out now that we've got that kick down -- that can kick down the road again. But you definitely saw some behavior around relationships between the U.K. and the continent in terms of supply chain. It's not that big a deal to us, but to that -- those businesses it is. And so we'll keep an eye on it, but I expect as this continues to unfold, we'll continue to see some of that wackiness.
Matt Summerville: And then are you seeing any evidence? You mentioned sort of the short-cycle day rate business, but beyond that are you kind of thinking in some of your longer-cycle businesses, are you seeing any evidence that customers are delaying capital decisions awaiting some sort of outcome with all of this trade stuff?
Andy Silvernail: Absolutely. I actually think that if you go back to last summer, what changed was people pulling in capital being much more hesitant about releasing larger chunks of capital, while this tariff stuff is working itself out, and obviously, with the government shutdown in the U.S. Those combined events I think made people skittish. And if you look across -- I was in China last week, and if you look across kind of behaviors what's happening in Asia, it's a big time wait and see. And then any U.S. businesses that do have a lot of China exposure is a big time wait-and-see attitude on how things are going to play out. So I do think that there is some constrained relationships between kind of natural supply and demand with this situation.
Matt Summerville: Thanks Andy
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Hi Andy. Question here just on FMT and the impact that Banjo had in the quarter. I mean, you got pretty phenomenal order growth 110 basis points of margin expansion, and I think Banjo is one of the higher-margin businesses in there so it probably was a bit of a drag on margin expansion. Can you maybe talk about what the drive from Banjo was? You're getting pretty close to 30% operating margins now. Can we see that number breach this year?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So it was -- it's less than you might have thought. There is definitely some impact, but it's lessening we think for a couple of different reasons. Most importantly, the margin profile of the rest of FMT has closed some of the gap on the rest of -- relative to Banjo. So the mix impact isn't quite as big as you would think. And when it's all said and done you're talking about this a company that is sub-5% of IDEX sales. And so even if you look at it relative to FMT you're still talking about, what, 12% 14% of FMT business is that about right? So plus or minus. So it's not immaterial, but it's not that big a deal -- not as big as it would have been, say, five years ago.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Then maybe -- you did talk about pockets of weakness in FMT and you've danced a little bit around what those are. Maybe you could give us some more details on which of the businesses or which end-markets that you're seeing that weakness in?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. More generally, the pockets of real weakness across the company are around ag, are around semicon and in auto. Now the good part is, is we don't -- I mean, those -- all those things together are sub-10% of revenue for IDEX. So when all said and done, yes, there's pockets of weakness there. The bigger thing that I was referencing in my prepared remarks was around the volatility of day rates. And so, we've seen this in a couple of different periods, kind of, going into 2015, 2016 coming out of 2015, 2016 and then last summer. You start -- as you look at it, one kind of inflection, positive our negative, you kind of tend to see some of this volatility and, I think, that goes back to the earlier question that was asked about capital being held up. I think, if capital gets held up, the book-and-turn business tends to have more volatility in it and also projects get kicked out. So, I think, it's a combination of those things. The good new story here is, if you get some relief on that, I think, that volatility goes away and you inflect upwards.
Nathan Jones: Okay. So going to 2015, 2016 and coming out of 2015, 2016, that volatility clearly resulted in a big downturn and a big upswing. I guess the volatility last summer didn't really move the needle in a big way one, way or the other.
Andy Silvernail: I'd say, we're still -- Nathan, I would argue that we're in a six-month period. If I were to go back kind of the third quarter through the first quarter, I'd say it's been six months of that, right? We've had months that have been weak and months that have been very strong. And so, I think, we're still in that question mark zone.
Nathan Jones: Okay. So you're still in the period of volatile day rates waiting to see whether that's going to sort itself out or jump off a cliff or inflect up, or something like that. Any sense from you of what you think is going to happen around that?
Andy Silvernail: The issue, I think, is this isn't tied to normal economic activities. It's very big macro and political issues and so I don't have any idea.
Nathan Jones: Fair enough. Fair enough. And I'm glad to stay in market and praise you there. All right. Thanks guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Nathan.
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Hey. So some of like the higher-profile OEMs and some of the HST areas like on mass spec and chromatography, et cetera, talked about having -- it sounded like there was some buildup here in the channel perhaps. I'm just curious as to what you're seeing. I know its longer side -- sales cycle for you guys there. So what are you seeing relative to that? How temporary does that feel like for you guys?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So did see -- if you actually look at the life sciences piece itself that was actually pretty darn healthy. And so, we have not seen that play through. With the major customers, we have electronic Kanbans that are in place with all of them and so we have a pretty good visibility. How that might play through their supply chain -- their forward supply chain to their customers and back to us, we have less visibility on. But I don't think you're looking at something that's going to be a really big deal.
Joe Giordano: Right. FSD, I mean, I guess, the pop-in order is probably -- is a bit surprising for most people. How sustainable do you think that it is? Is that a business, as a segment, that might be down organically this year, full year? Or how you kind of -- how do you call-in that now?
Bill Grogan: No., I think, -- this is Bill. Overall, it's going to be up for the year. I think, there will be, again, quarter-to-quarter volatility for dispensing, right. Sales were down 15%, but orders were up 10%. We called on the fourth quarter we had something to push in the first quarter. We landed that order, but Fire & Rescue, really strong mid-single digit and just got the same expectations for BAND-IT.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Joe Giordano: And then just last from me. I mean, we've talked about day rate volatility a bit a bunch here. Andy, I know, that's something that really gets you kind of laser-focused. So how are you kind of -- when you're not sure which way it's going to break how do you kind of act? Do you kind of see -- think -- do you're going to get ready for one side or the other, or get actions in place that if it goes one way we're ready cap that? I know you hate getting behind that either, but just how are you...
Andy Silvernail: We are as, I've said many, many times in the past we react much better to the upside than we do to the downside. And so, we can move pretty quickly as demand inflects upwards. And I'm happy to have to chase that a little bit. That's all right with me. The contribution margins are going to be high and you're really chasing it with supply chain and labor. And so, I can deal with that. Getting way out in front and having the markets turned over on you is very painful, right? Because now you're firing people and you've got a really difficult contribution margin on the backside where the decrementals become painful. So I'd rather be conservative going into that, I have to chase the upside a little than I would, getting out in front and having to dramatically react to the downside.
Joe Giordano: That’s fair. Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Blair with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Blair: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Blair: Nice start to the year.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Bryan Blair: I was hoping you could offer a little color on the SAM launch in Fire & Safety. I know, you literally just introduced to the market, but it seems like that's going to be a game-changing technology. Curious about initial reception? And whether it's already contributing to FSD order rate?
Andy Silvernail: I appreciate the question, Bryan. So we had the North American fire show in Indianapolis here a few weeks ago and we introduced both, the SAM system and the new eDRAULIC tool. And, I think, it's fair to say that the SAM system had incredible reaction. The number of people at that booth, the reaction from customers has been terrific. We have already secured our first major customer around that. I don't want to talk about who at this time. And it's a big deal, right. We made that small acquisition -- technology acquisition last year. That was all about bringing the user interface and our ability to link all of our components into a singular system and it's really -- in terms of -- everyone was talking about IoT and digital and this is a great example of we're really on the forefront of that. And what's going to happen is over the course of years, we're going to change the productivity and the safety profile of a fire truck and that's a really big deal. Now that being said this is the stuff that happens really slowly and it happens slowly for two reasons. One there's already a year of backlog in the fire truck OEMs right. So things have all been ordered. So unless somebody wants to fundamentally change the nature of their order, it's going to take some time for that to go through the system. And then second, there's going to be conversion, right. You've got a huge installed base over time. But I think what happens is you're going to see this over the course of three to five years I believe we're going to start taking significant chunks of market share. We've got great intellectual property around this. And I do think it's a game changer for us. As you think about over a decade, our positioning in the fire market relative to this capability and how it pulls through complementary, it's a big deal.
Bryan Blair: That's extremely helpful color. Thank you. And if we could follow-up a little on M&A. Obviously you have a lot of dry powder right now and good scale and diversification across platforms. With the resources you have in place is larger scale or more transformational M&A prospective going forward?
Andy Silvernail: You know Bryan, we're pretty cautious about that. If you look at the universe of businesses that would be transformational. So let's say, our size to have our size, right. If you look at businesses of that scope and scale there are very few that fit naturally with IDEX. There are a handful and those are the things that we keep up on and we work on all the time. And there are a few that we could do that would be wonderful combinations with IDEX, but it's not very many. It has to be at the right price and you've got you be able to drive real synergies. That being said, as you look from say that size down to $300 million, $500 million or so call it $300 million to $1 billion in revenue, there's quite a bit of stuff out there. And it's really a matter of timing and being able to do a deal at the right kind of economics that fits our style of competition. And if that happens, we will move really quickly. We looked at a bunch year, we put a ton of effort into them and we just need to keep to our style of competition and the discipline around our return frameworks and not get seduced into doing mid single-digit ROIC deals that are "accretive" but are really disastrous to the capital structure and the return structure of the business over the long-term. And we're just not going to do that.
Bryan Blair: Makes perfect sense. Thank you again.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing comments.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks very much, and thank you everyone for joining us here on the first quarter call. More than anything else, I want to thank the teams here at IDEX who do just a tremendous job being laser-sharp focused on our customers, understanding that in a market like this we really do need to execute and execute well and they've done that. And then, discipline around how we spend this free cash flow. And so the teams, I'm very proud of the teams that we have and the culture that we've built. And I look forward to catching up with everybody in the next 90 days. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Bill Grogan. Thank you. You may begin.
Bill Grogan: Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everyone. This is Bill Grogan, Chief Financial Officer for IDEX Corporation. I am stepping in for Mike Yates this morning and will cover the introduction. Mike unfortunately lost power overnight due to the pool of vortex hitting Chicago and he is anxiously awaiting power to get restored to his house. We are hoping to get back power soon, Mike. Okay. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for discussion of the fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the 3 months and year ending December 31, 2018. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our company’s website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview and update on market conditions, geographies and our capital deployment strategies. I will then discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results and walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And then Andy will wrap up with our outlook for the first quarter and full year 2019. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13684161 or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night’s press release and in IDEX filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will now turn over the call to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Bill and good morning everybody. I appreciate you joining us here to discuss the fourth quarter of last year and also the full year operating results from 2018. I am going to start with some highlights from 2018 and then move to the outlook for 2019. 2018 was another record year for IDEX. We hit all-time highs of all of our key metrics and we continue to outperform the market. The overall macro economy was strong and our teams capitalized. When we leveraged our target of organic growth initiatives to deliver results above and beyond the underlying market support, we continue to invest back in our businesses with record levels of CapEx and engineering investment in 2018. Those investments helped drive our terrific top line performance as well as margin performance. We saw over 100 basis points improvement in op margin in all three segments. Our balance sheet is in great position and we have plenty of capacity to deploy capital across our framework and drive long-term value for shareholders. Looking ahead to 2019, we are monitoring the geopolitical and global economic environment and its volatility. However, we are confident in our long-term strategic objective to grow faster than the underlying market. We are able to do so as a result of our leading positions and diversified product portfolio and we look forward to another solid year in 2019. Now, let me take a moment to talk about what we are seeing in the markets that we serve and the regions we do businesses in. In the industrial market, the conditions remain favorable and we see this in both FMT and in HST. Day rates for our book-and-ship businesses continue at high levels, project activity is decent, and our growth funnel is very solid. In Scientific Fluidics and Optics, our life science markets continue to expand. We are seeing strong growth across IVD/BIO and DNA sequencing driven by new product, project traction and share gains. In energy, we did see some softness in Q4 and with the fluctuation of energy prices we expect to see that kind of throughout the year as it firms up now that could get better as we go into 2019. The teams continue to drive growth through new project activity and over serving our customers. In ag, the OEMs are holding up, but depressed commodity prices and lower net farm income are concerning. We are watching that closely as we head into 2019. On the municipal markets, the North American market is stable and expected to modestly expand. Our focus remains on new product development in water and investment in emerging markets within fire and rescue. The semicon market is small for us relative to our portfolio, but it’s growing rapidly in the last couple of years. It was a difficult market in Q4 and we see more softness into next year. Now, let me move on to the geographic outlook. Sales across all geographies performed well in the quarter with North America leading the way. We are starting to see lower market support in Europe and in Asia, but our targeted growth initiatives have driven positive results across the globe. Looking ahead, the fundamentals are still decent as evidenced by stable day rates and strong project funnels, but we do have pockets of concern in some markets and general caution with the overall 2019 global economic condition. Let me switch gears for a second here and talk about what we are seeing with tariffs and inflation. In the current tariff environment, if we expect that to continue, our best estimate is an incremental $5 million to $7 million of impact in 2019. We will continue to employ internal countermeasures to offset these additional costs and we do not see them as significant headwinds for us as we go into this year. Inflation has slowed down on the materials side, but we are experiencing wage inflation. However, we have and will continue to mitigate inflation through productivity and price realization. Again, regardless of the external environment, which we expect to be more challenging and remaining volatile in 2019, we are committed to outperform our markets. Let’s turn now and talk a little bit about M&A. The current valuation environment remains the biggest hurdle for us when it comes to acquisitions. Our team is hard at work with evaluating several deals, but we are going to be disciplined with our return framework and we will only move forward when our target has great strategic impact and financial impact and it fits our style of competition. Shareholder returns is our number one focus and we will continue to evaluate deals with our commitment of providing long-term shareholder value. Our balance sheet is in very strong position and when the right deal comes along, we will capitalize on it. Our gross leverage is 1.3x and our net leverage is only 0.6x. Consistent with our balanced capital allocation framework, we repurchased $174 million of stock in 2018, with $122 million of that coming in the fourth quarter with opportunistic purchases. We also returned $127 million to shareholders in 2018 via dividends. I am going to pause now. I am going to turn it back over to Bill Grogan who is going to talk about financial results and our segment discussion.
Bill Grogan: Thanks, Andy. I will start with our consolidated financial results. I am on Slide 4. Order rates slowed down in Q4. We were up 1% overall and 2% organically. For the year, orders were up 7% overall and 6% organically, a solid year from an order intake perspective. For the Q4 slowdown, I will get into more detail as we go through the segment discussions, but I would like to say this, our core industrial franchises did extremely well in the quarter. Secondly, we did see some timing related issues where we had some early receipts in Q3 and some delays out of Q4. And finally, we did see some true softness in a few markets, but we think the quarter is closer to 5% organic growth number if we normalize for some of these items closer to where we think our new run-rate will be for 2019. From a sales perspective, Q4 revenue was up 5% overall and organically as well. While fiscal year revenue was up 9% overall and 8% organically, this was our highest organic sales growth since 2011. We expanded gross margins by 10 basis points for both Q4 and the year primarily due to production efficiencies and volume leverage. This was partially offset by investments we made in engineering related to new product development. Q4 adjusted operating margin was 23.3%, up 120 basis points and fiscal year adjusted op margin was 23.4%, a 150 basis point increase. The teams did an excellent job of leveraging the great organic performance throughout the year in the bottom line results. Q4 net income was $98 million, resulting in EPS of $1.27. Excluding restructuring expenses, adjusted EPS was $1.31, up $0.19 or 17%. Full year net income was $411 million with EPS of $5.29. Again, excluding restructuring expenses, adjusted EPS was $5.41, up $1.10 or 26% higher than last year. Our Q4 effective tax rate was 23.8%, resulting in an ETR of 22.4% for the year. Both rates were lower than our previous guidance resulting in $0.04 of EPS favorability in the quarter. The difference was primarily due to additional interpretations the IRS provided in tax reform, along with the reduction in the statutory rate in the Netherlands. Free cash flow for Q4 was strong at $137 million, up 14% and 136% of adjusted net income, which resulted in full year free cash flow of $423 million, which was up 9% and 101% of adjusted net income. Free cash flow was only up 9% for the year, primarily due to working capital and capital expenditures investments that we made to support our long-term growth. In regards to the balance sheet, it remains very healthy. Gross debt leverage is 1.3x, while our net debt leverage is at 0.6x. The combination of our strong balance sheet, capacity on the revolver and free cash flow provides us the ability to deploy well over $1.5 billion over the next 12 months. I will now turn to our segment discussion I am on Slide 5 starting with Fluid & Metering. FMT continues to deliver strong numbers from both an order and a revenue perspective. Q4 orders were flat overall, up 2% organically, while full year orders were up 6% overall and 7% organically. The lower order rate was primarily driven by the timing of precision orders for Banjo, wherein Q3 orders were up 36% and Q4 orders were down 5% as well as we saw some project push out in the quarter in the chemical and energy markets. Q4 sales were up 7% overall and 8% organically, while full year sales were up 8% overall and 9% organically. Adjusted for restructuring expenses, Q4 op margin was 29.1%, up 70 basis points over the prior year quarter. Full year op margin was 29.2%, up 150 basis points. FMT’s performance was primarily driven by market growth across the industrial and chemical sectors, coupled with continued stability in the muni market. Those served as the core drivers of growth or year as evidenced by strong global demand in core distribution and project wins across the group. Oil price fluctuations in Q4 did postpone some investments, but we are seeing market conditions improve as we have seen prices increase and stabilize. Ag order rates did slow in Q4 primarily due to the timing of the pre-season orders I mentioned earlier, but the fundamental economics in ags do give us some concern heading into 2019. Project funnels in various end-markets remains strong and active, but have been less predictable in timing as we close out the year with the backdrop of caution in the global market. However, overall, the targeted growth efforts across our businesses in this segment continue to gain wins and market share regardless of the slower market support. Let’s move on to Health & Science, turning to Slide 6. We are very pleased with the Health & Science results both for Q4 as well as the fiscal year. Q4 orders were up 10% overall and 9% organically, while full year orders were up 10% overall and 7% organically. In the quarter, the 9% organic growth was aided by some timing shifts related to receipts of annual POs by some of our large OEM customers. Q4 sales were up 8% overall and 7% organically, while fiscal year sales were up 9% and 6% organically. Excluding restructuring expenses, Q4 adjusted op margin was 23.4% and full year adjusted op margin was 23.6%, both margins up over 110 basis points over the prior year. HST’s performance was primarily driven by continued success in our IVD/BIO and our Life Science Optics businesses, where they continue to outpace the market due to targeted MPT efforts in collaboration with key customers. HST industrial remains strong with double-digit growth due to some large wins within our gas business and also continued strength in their day rate distribution business. Strong execution in MPT drove customer lead times and helped enable growth. We also had some solid project wins in the pharma and food space that drove double-digit orders increases. Finally, despite the downturn in the semicon market, our Sealing Solutions continue to perform well in oil and gas and the industrial end markets. I am moving on to our final segment, Diversified. I am on Slide 7. Q4 orders were down 10% overall and 8% organically primarily due to the lumpiness of our dispensing business, coupled with the timing of large annual blanket order at BAND-IT, while full year orders were up 5% overall and up 4% organically. Q4 sales were down 2% overall and 1% organically, while full year sales were up 9% overall and 7% organically. I will give more details on that in a moment. Excluding restructuring expenses, Q4 adjusted op margin of 26.5% was flat with the prior year, while adjusted fiscal year end operated margin was 26.8%, up 170 basis points from prior year. FSD sales performance was primarily driven by our fire business reporting high single-digit growth due to strength across most of their product categories and geographies. Rescue sales were up due to strong project volume in emerging markets and several wins in key markets in the U.S. BAND-IT saw growth across most of its verticals with transportation sales up due to significant volume increases in their airbag applications through new platform wins. They also had some nice project wins in the Middle East. The sales growth in Fire & Rescue and in BAND-IT was muted by the lumpiness of the dispensing business, which was down 25% for the quarter, but it was up 7% for the year. Dispensing does have market leading positions across all of their geographies, but it is our most project oriented business and creates tough comps from time-to-time. The dispensing sales decrease was the primary reason for op margin being down – being flat for the quarter as well for FSD. I will now pass it back to Andy to talk about our expectations for 2019.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Bill. Everybody I am on Slide 8 and we can walk through 2019 guidance. So, on an operational basis we expect full year organic revenue growth to be in the 4% to 5% range, which will provide $0.30 to $0.50 of benefit to EPS. We expect our productivity initiatives to offset inflation and then leverage these actions to drive about $0.03 of benefit over 2018. As I mentioned earlier, our focus has always been to invest on our best organic opportunities, people, new products as well as new applications for existing products. We will continue to make these investments across all three segments and these growth investments will create about $0.05 of pressure in 2019. Although our two acquisitions in 2018, Finger Lakes and Phantom will provide very modest boost to the top line in 2019, we are not expecting a significant benefit to the bottom line because of deal amortization. Let’s take a quick look at a couple of non-operational items. First, FX, it will be a headwind in 2019 based on the December 31 rates and provide about $30 million of top line pressure. The bottom line pressure from FX, it has two pieces to it that together add up to about $0.15. $0.11 is from FX translation due to the higher rates plus an additional $0.04 on foreign currency transaction gain that were recorded in Q1 of 2018 as we unwound intercompany loans relative to 2017 tax reform that we talked about last year. Second, share buyback activities that we mentioned before have taken our share count down and it boosts our EPS in 2019 by about $0.06. So in summary, we are projecting organic revenue growth in the 4% to 5% range and have EPS expectations of $5.60 to $5.80. We are going to wrap things up here. I will summarize things regarding 2019, the fourth quarter and the full year I am on our last slide, that’s Slide 9. In Q1, we are estimating EPS of $1.35 to $1.38 with organic revenue growth again in the 4% to 5% range and op margin at about 23%. We are projecting a 1% top line headwind from FX again based on the December 31 rates, which translates to about $0.02 of EPS. However, as I mentioned earlier, we are also facing an additional $0.04 of FX headwind from the transactional gain that we incurred in Q1 of 2018. The Q1 effective tax rate is expected to be 22.5% and corporate costs should be about $20 million to $22 million. If we turn to the full year 2019, again, EPS is expected to be $5.60 to $5.80. Full year organic revenue growth should be in the 4% to 5% range and op margin ought to be about 23.5% to 24%. Top line FX will be impacted by 1% again based on the December 31 rates. Full year effective tax rate should be about 22.5%. CapEx is anticipated to be about $60 million and free cash flow should be about 105% to 110% of net income and corporate costs are expected to be in the range of about $80 million to $84 million for the year. As always, our earnings and guidance exclude any potential associated cost, future acquisitions or restructuring. With that, Matt, we are going to pause here and I will turn it back to you for questions from folks on the phone.
Operator: Great, thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Allison.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Want to go back to, I think I heard it correctly on the order rates in Q4 I am trying to normalize some of the puts and takes, were you saying the order rate was around 5% organically or did I hear that wrong?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. We will talk to it and let me give a little bit of high level and Bill if you want to jump in, go ahead. So, it was a pretty unusual quarter from an order perspective, Allison. And what I mean by that is if you kind of look at our normalized book and turn business and our normalized funnel that was kind of right in that 4% to 5% range. So, it was real solid, but we had a bunch of things that moved around. In dispensing, we had some – it had some pretty big overall project things that moved around and actually in BAND-IT too. And so in both those places, we had some pretty good sized chunks of things they got pushed over into 2019 and so, I can I would certainly understand the concern of the headline organic 2%, but I do think that the underlying day rate support is more in that mid-single digit. Bill, anything you want to add?
Bill Grogan: Yes. As Andy said, lot of puts and takes, but if you normalize our core as we reconcile the business, as we prepare to go into 2019 really comfortable with a close to 5% organic number in Q4 hence our guide for the balance of ‘19.
Andy Silvernail: What I would add to it too, Allison that I did mention, on the positive side, in the fourth quarter, we had a real nice blanket order that happened in HST, and so we will see a hole relative to that, that usually has happened historically in the first quarter and it happened in the fourth quarter so as we when we are talking again here in 90 days, you will see some headwind from that, on an order rate basis in HST, so just so just you understand the puts and takes.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great, that’s helpful. Thank you. And then you talked about project push I think you mentioned chemical specifically is this just typical project push-out that happen or is there some feel like something underlying is going on there at this point?
Andy Silvernail: The fourth quarter was a pretty lumpy quarter I mean historically what we’d see is we’d see strength ramp through the quarter in the fourth quarter, it happened right up until the holidays, that’s what kind of things would look like and what the quarter looked like here was a weaker October, actually a really good November and then a weaker December and what we and so, obviously we’ve been talking with our customers to make sure it’s not something systemic, and what we just heard time and again is with all the craziness in the world, there was a big pause in December and so and by the way, what we’ve seen in January supports that so I walk out of January not feeling really concerned about what we saw in December and I think it’s normalizing now Bill, anything you want to add?
Bill Grogan: Yes, I’ll just say so that point is, the things that we saw push in December, we realized several of those here in January.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thanks so much.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Allison. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Halloran from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Halloran: Hey good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Halloran: So, just following up on that, when you think about the non-lumpy pieces of the business, so getting rid of dispensing and any of the other project-oriented stuff, how have you seen trends track trying to strip out comparisons, they’ve been relatively stable in the context to that, or has it seen some of that same December stall and then reaccelerate?
Andy Silvernail: No, there’s been well, it may be a little bit of that, but not as much, is the I call it the project related stuff, Mike and so, generally the day rate businesses and if you look at if you got to think of day rate businesses, it’s basically everything except for a couple of things in life sciences that happen once or twice a year, dispensing, MPT and then the BAND-IT thing, they’ve got a couple of large customers that they typically put in blankets that move around but that’s it’s not really project related, Mike, it’s more just when does the blanket hit. Everything else in the portfolio so you’re talking 75% of the business is, you’re looking at day rate type stuff or maybe two-thirds of the business and that’s real stable, nothing surprising there.
Michael Halloran: And you always offer a good broader perspective so maybe you can try to balance what is will its, certainly confident commentary on your side and growth expectations for ‘19 that are healthy, with a lot of the headline news we’re seeing and some of the regional risk and geopolitical risk out there, and how you’re blending that all together?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So maybe Mike, the way to take a step back and think of it is, we believe we’ll deliver 200 basis points 200 basis points to 300 basis points better than the underlying market and as we have triangulated on global industrial production forecast, those look to be in kind of the 2% to 3% range and that’s what kind of gives us confidence around that 4% to 5% as we think about this year that being said, we were very purposeful in our written commentary here in our prepared remarks about the volatility that we continue to see in the world I think that the fourth quarter that variability that you saw, October, November, December, is really is a good example of what I think the world is going to look like we had eight quarters of sequentially ramping growth rates and I think, we mentioned a quarter or two ago, certainly last quarter that we thought that was going to change and become more lumpy, more volatile and that is where we are and so if we, if we buy into a 2% to 3% industrial production, we will land at that 4% to 5% we feel very confident but that underlying volatility is real and it’s something we’re paying a lot of attention to.
Michael Halloran: So, just one follow-up on that then when you because there is volatility month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter here, what are you guys tracking or looking at internally to get a sense for what is just volatility or cause for something more cause for more concern?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so there honestly there are kind of two or three things that really matter, right so if you think about what accelerates our business or decelerates our business, Mike, one is, is what’s happening to day rates and so and day rates actually matter more to us than anything else because so much of our business is quick turn, and so we’re monitoring those and in those, we’ve always talked about the BAND-IT core industrial business, the Gast business, the Warren Rupp business, those are three really good beacons and right now they tell us that things are okay that’s what they’d say so that day rate piece is something we spend time on as you look at project, as you know, Mike, we don’t typically do big projects I mean, there is one here, one there, that’s really meaningful what matters though is the size of them and what’s happening to where they sit in the scheduling when you start to see projects shrink in size, number one and number two, they get multiple kicks down the road, that’s when you start to worry, right when you get something pushed from December to January, you kind of get it, especially when it shows up in January, you understand it and you get the January no, it’s now April, nope it’s not when you start to get that and things that were $1 million have now gone to $2.50 million that’s when you start to get concerned the last thing I’d say is, just really close relationships that we have with our OEMs and our value-added distributors those are conversations that are just happening every day now, sometimes they don’t know their own business as well as we do sometimes and so understanding kind of what’s happening to their turnaround, we don’t see a lot of things stocked for the most point, but we do have electronic compounds at major OEMs, so we monitor those and we do have a handful of distributors who are a little bit more classic in their inventory setups and so we watch those too.
Michael Halloran: Good context is always appreciated.
Andy Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Deane.
Deane Dray: And a special shout out to Mike to get his power back and get back to normal.
Andy Silvernail: No kidding, [indiscernible] below, Deane, when I drove in, that didn’t include the wind.
Deane Dray: That’s just gets dangerous, so good luck with all that I think you’re sending it our way to the East Coast.
Andy Silvernail: Oh boy.
Deane Dray: Just let me echo Mike’s comments just then and how helpful It is that you were able to parse out your business and the indicators, that’s real helpful to us and just to clarify, I heard Bill chime in at the end on Allison’s question about those two orders that were pushed, the dispensing and BAND-IT so, are they in that January category, maybe just to provide color on those, just it’s so fresh.
Bill Grogan: So, the BAND-IT order, they split their annual PO into two 6 month PO’s so we expect that to get the BAND-IT piece later in the first half in dispensing, a couple of projects we have landed and expect to land here within the next couple of weeks.
Deane Dray: Good. You said BAND-IT, it’s typically a blanket type order and so that’s not the price.
Bill Grogan: Deane, that is a very specific large Aerospace customer that we have, most of the balance of their business isn’t that type.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Bill Grogan: It’s isolated really to a single customer and how they’re breaking up their orders in 2019 versus what they’ve done in the last two years.
Deane Dray: And we’ve seen some softening in the whole dispensing supply chain, is that also what you’re seeing there?
Andy Silvernail: So, the issue you have with dispensing is, we monitor market share gain pretty carefully, right, because of our leadership position and to make sure that we’re not losing anything significant so that’s kind of number one number two, when you get into some of these larger programs, they hit periodically and it just makes for frankly a really difficult comp when you go for and you can’t go for a year or two without having that and so we had some activity in ‘18 as we closed out ‘17 as we closed out ’18 we didn’t have that and we’ll see what happens here in ‘19, right we track every single age of machine and replacement cycle and et cetera, but it’s really driven by some of these larger paint retailers and whether they’re going to refresh or not and we just don’t know that really until a few months until they’re ready to move.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just to swing over on the 2018 free cash flow, came out on the right side of that 100% threshold that everyone watches.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Deane Dray: And you parsed out the two factors, which makes sense, a higher working capital and the CapEx so maybe some color there, how much of the working capital reverses and then on the CapEx, can you call out any of the projects and what kind of IRRs that you’re seeing or that you expect on those investments?
Andy Silvernail: Want to tackle that one?
Bill Grogan: Yes, sure so I would say specifically on the CapEx, I think this year we looked at a bunch of investments relative to new products and getting the capabilities to enhance our ability to get to market faster we looked at several businesses that we had the opportunity to upgrade equipment to improve productivity and throughput to support the increased growth that we had these are 12 to 24 month returns, higher than our overall IDEX return on invested capital number, so no-brainer from an investment perspective and the team has really took a hard look as we’ve seen CapEx ramp still significantly below most of our peer groups relative to the capital we need to operate the business in but high-return projects relative to the working capital, there is some opportunity here as we level out on the growth side to unwind some things and you see our guide is higher than the 101% that we saw in 2018.
Deane Dray: Great. And just last quick question on Fire and Safety have the orders started to show up yet in India? I know, that’s a big growth opportunity for you guys where does that stand?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I was actually over there between Thanksgiving and Christmas and we did a specific review on that and that’s actually starting to play out nicely we are starting to get some of the wins the spend, as you know, it is a little bit of a national and then it turns into kind of regional or state, how the funds are distributed and we are seeing some of that break and we’re seeing some pretty nice growth there.
Deane Dray: Terrific thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Deane.
Operator: Our next question is from Nathan Jones from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I’m going to go to the margin side of this the guidance for 2019 has only 30 basis points to 40 basis points of margin expansion.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Well, it is significantly less than what you guys have been doing for the last few years so I’m wondering, if we could if we can talk a little bit about the puts and takes there, I’d imagine that there is probably not that much left in your fixed bucket at the moment that says margins crop up a bit obviously, there is some impact from higher investments here, probably a little bit lower incremental margins because you got little bit lower organic growth but just if you can walk through kind of the puts and takes of that margin increase in 2019?
Andy Silvernail: I think, let me talk about it first and if Bill wants to kick in too, we’ll do that but I think the increase that we’re looking at, to me is what a normalized expansion should look like based on the kind of growth that we’re factoring, right so that to me feels right frankly, in 2018, our margin expansion was a little high right? So, it obviously we outgrew our expectations and so you just got much stronger incrementals throughout the year I’ve said a few times that, look, if you’re below 30% incrementals, you’re probably investing too much and if you’re above 40% for a long time without kind of structural actions, then you’re probably not investing enough so this feels about right and I think we can sustain that at those growth rates and then if you saw the world get tougher, our job would be to boost that and not lose a lot of ground here, right and if for some reason we saw some improvement in growth rates, we’d probably invest a little bit more probably not as aggressively as we have the last two years, but we’d probably invest a little bit more, Nathan, than we have and part of if you go back to the bridge, you looked at Bill, I may get this wrong, so correct me but I think last year we laid out $0.16 of incremental investment for the year in our bridge.
Bill Grogan: A little bit less than that, it was double digit.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, and this year it’s kind of 5-ish so you can see we are definitely tailing that back down a little bit based on how quickly the environment is expanding.
Nathan Jones: Does currency impact the margins at all or is it primarily just translation that just affects the actual dollar number but not the margin?
Bill Grogan: Correct.
Andy Silvernail: Translation. That’s right.
Nathan Jones: Got it. But maybe just I know everybody is fairly concerned about the environment in China I don’t think you guys do less than 10% of revenue over there, but you do have a few businesses that participate over there so just any color you can give on what you’re seeing in China at the moment?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, absolutely. And part of that trip where I was in India, I was in China in that same period too so that was a big question we were talking about here just a month ago. Look, it is definitely slowing, there is no doubt about that there are the concern on the ground in China is pretty substantial when you get when you start talking to people who are living it day to day, they are concerned about the growth rates we have had some really strong growth in China in the last year or two, because we’ve frankly fixed a problem that we’ve had for a while and so we’ve had some good growth, and we expect to see some continued good growth because of that but I do think overall that market support is coming down now, the key to it then I think, Nathan, is where are you picking, right. So which markets are you picking in, this isn’t a ubiquitous statement that everything is slowing but more things that not are and so I think we got to be in China, for China, to sell into the region you got to be in there for the long term, but I do think certainly in 2019, I think, it’s going to be more challenging.
Nathan Jones: Just last one on capital allocation you guys got a bit more aggressive in the fourth quarter on share repo is that just a function of the market melted down, and you saw an opportunity to get your stock at a good price and we shouldn’t read more than that into it?
Andy Silvernail: I think that’s exactly right we are following the framework that we’ve always talked about relative to intrinsic value and being more aggressive when we see disconnects and we saw a disconnect.
Nathan Jones: Okay, thanks very much for the time.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Graham from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Graham: Good morning, Andy. Good morning, Bill.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Graham: I was hoping you could tell us what pricing was in the quarter and then what materials inflation was relative to that I know that’s not how you do you look for productivity, but I am just for the purposes of the old price cost question if you could help us out thanks?
Bill Grogan: Yes, price capture was a little bit over a point and the inflation we maintain that 30 point spread that we’ve been able to do throughout the last 2 years.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Scott Graham: And that’s just materials inflation or was that overall inflation?
Bill Grogan: That’s material and wage at a gross margin level.
Andy Silvernail: How about they were just materials, it slowed a lot yes.
Bill Grogan: Right. So there is – materials leveled off material inflation leveled off in the back half and a little bit of kicker as we saw some of the tariff increases come through in the third and fourth quarter.
Scott Graham: Got it. Bill, you went through the capital allocation thinking for 2019 you mentioned the $1 billion number forgive me, but I wasn’t able to write that fast so could you kind of say kind of where you guys are at in capital allocation heading into the year?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Scott we are at 1.3x gross leverage and 0.6x net we have we said in our commentary it was over $1.5 billion, it’s closer to $2 billion, that we have availability on at any time here in the next 12 months.
Scott Graham: So, would it suggest that in the absence of M&A that your $0.06 of share reduction benefit for ‘19 might prove conservative?
Andy Silvernail: Fully depends, right so we’re going to stick with the framework, and as we’ve said several times, but just to remind folks. In our framework, we take a look at and we just did it in the fall with our Board, we take a look at what we think the long-term intrinsic value is we build in a buffer relative to opportunity cost of capital and then as we see our stock behave relative to that, we decide how aggressive we’re going to get, and we build that framework into a 10b5-1 in closed periods and we use the same framework in open periods and so what we try to do, Scott, is really bring disciplined to it so it’s not people reacting emotionally to good good or bad news.
Scott Graham: Got it. Last question, can you tell us after essentially what is now the first month, you indicated that your sort of run rate, your day rate orders are – was kind of 5-ish in the fourth quarter. What does that number look like in January?
Andy Silvernail: It’s not much different, right. It’s – we’re basically kind of on our plan so far through the year. So, we feel pretty good about it, I mean, just we started the year, not – I wouldn’t get overly excited about it and it’s not bad news, it is basically what we expect.
Scott Graham: Understood. Thanks a lot.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just two questions. First, can you give a little bit more geographic granularity around how you performed in North America, Europe, Asia for Q4 around that 5% and then what the expectation is sort of around the 4% to 5% that you’re guiding organically for ‘19?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So we – so North America as we said in our comments, North America continues to lead the way and has so for quite some time. And all indicators, Matt, suggested that’s going to be the case in ‘19, unless we see a material global softening, right, which – that is the biggest concern that I have, right. The biggest concern that I have is the volatility that we have, the geopolitical instability that’s out there, the length of duration of the expansion overall, not the industrial, but the overall. That’s what I think the risk is, but North America has continued to be strong. Asia and Europe both started to soften 2 quarters ago. I think we mentioned that in the last call and that’s continued. Now Asia is – it kind of depends upon where you are, right. So, China has softened. India is still pretty good and other parts of kind of Asia-Pac have been okay. Europe, I think the biggest concern in Europe is Germany, right. We’ve got a pretty good footprint in Germany, we export a lot to other parts in the world from Germany. And the softness that I think everybody experienced was above expectations, right. It was softer than people had thought. And so that’s a place that we’re keeping a pretty close eye on.
Matt Summerville: And then as my follow-up, can you just give a little more detail on what you’re seeing in your energy-facing businesses in FMT and with respect to BAND-IT, maybe tying in sort of up, mid, downstream commentary there?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, as you know, Matt, we got to be somewhat careful in this commentary, because we’re not the best barometers for what’s going on in the energy field just by the nature of the nicheness where we play; number one, and the fact that most of what we do is kind of midstream. And so, I would just caution people that we’re not the best barometer. But that being said, when oil prices – energy prices kind of tank there, we did see a slowing and it was reasonable, I mean, it was a material slowing for that piece of business, which has since – we’ve seen a pick back up here. Some of what we’re experiencing in terms of positives, we know are driven by our own activities. So, we’ve got some very specific wins that we’ve got in BAND-IT that we can put our finger on, they were kind of non-market related. Same thing I’d say over LC and Corken. And so the – I would say that the general market conditions have been softer with recently a little bit of improvement, but I still think that that’s – I’m going to put that in the cautionary category. And our job is to keep getting wins and frankly keep taking down lead times. One of the things that we’ve certainly learned around energy is that the folks who are deep in the upstream, the pricing sensitivity is brutal when things go South and we just don’t have that. So, that’s not a place we want to put big bets into the future. But also lead times really matter, right. So, your speed of service and quality of service is a major advantage in those markets. And so, we’re spending more time there trying to build that advantage.
Matt Summerville: Thanks, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Giordano from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Joe.
Joe Giordano: So, Andy, I got to say you sound more optimistic than I expected on this quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Well, I think, Joe, it’s – I obviously – everyone gets a little bit of reputation. Yes, I think my optimism is more on our ability to execute than it is on the markets, to be clear, right. I just – we’ve built some really excellent capability around executing and look we’re calling – we are kind of living with what the global "experts" are saying around global industrial production and that’s a really good starting point for us. But where I feel good is our ability to consistently outperform. And so, a lot of this depends upon what’s your view is, right, of the markets. And at this stage we’re not bucking the trend. We do tend to be earlier cycle. And so, I will tell you there are parts of the fourth quarter I got a little nervous during the fourth quarter because of the clunkiness that we were seeing. And that coming back has given me a better feeling about certainly earlier in the year.
Joe Giordano: So, you’re talking about the 200 bps that you expect to do over market and I think you’ve proven the ability that that’s a reasonable expectation. But when you think about that market component, that other 200 bps, we – I have a couple auto guys that we talk to, it’s a different market clearly, but they’re guiding like way underneath what current third-party estimates are for growth. So, do you feel like you’re gaming the market at all or you just like this is the number with it will probably go down, but we’re using what they say for now like, that makes sense?
Andy Silvernail: It’s hard to tell, right. So, our – my point of view of this is, we kind of start with what do we think the world – what does the world thinks going to happen or the experts saying is going to happen and we tend to be a little more bearish on that than average, right. So, if you – if the world is saying two to three, we will tend to go more towards two than we will towards three, right. And then from there, it’s really starting to dissect where we have exposure and where we don’t, right. And the nice part of our portfolio is we have really broad exposure, and so there is no lot on the margin that happens relative to our exposure versus global exposure, except maybe in a quarter, right, a quarter or a half year. And then it’s really driven by our ability to get some things done. And so, as I sit here, my confidence level on our ability to execute is high. My confidence level on the responsibility and the capability of the folks who are in the geopolitical discussion is exceptionally low. I have no confidence that they’re going to get it right. And so, my concern then, right, is an event that gets driven by the intersection of the aging cycle and the irresponsibility of global leaders.
Joe Giordano: I think that’s definitely fair. Last thing from me. So, you guys spent a lot on growth investments this year, you’re calling out another $0.05 next year, so obviously less of an incremental, but still a big number off a big year like in growth dollar terms. So, are you – do you feel like you’re teeing up more and more things to start restructuring and taper down like maybe not executing on them yet that things have gone – day rates still look good, but are you like teeing up more of this stuff now than you were like maybe a year ago?
Andy Silvernail: I think this – if I actually take a look at cap spending, let’s go back 2 or 3 years, right, that’s when it started to pick up a little bit, we went from kind of 1.6%, 1.7%, we’re now kind of 2.1%, 2.2%. So that, call it four-tenths to five-tenths of a point of increase in cap spending. What that’s been associated with is really is the function of all of the segmentation work we’ve been doing for half a decade and getting better and better at picking the organic growth opportunities and the productivity projects that have much bigger banks of the block. And so if I go back to my comment just a few moments ago, my confidence level about our ability to execute over and above whatever the market does is really based on that, and so that investment is mirroring that condition. And so, I think where we are is, I feel pretty comfortable that we’re in a range of where we like it to be for a while.
Joe Giordano: Fair enough. Thanks guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Our next question is from Walter Liptak from Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks, guys. I think I’ve got one question left for you. We covered a lot. I want to go back to the margin questions and you’re netting inflation with productivity. And so, I wonder if we could just drill down into that productivity part of it. How do you feel about productivity in 2019 and how much more is there to go on – bringing up margins in 2019, 2020. Is there still lot of work to be done?
Bill Grogan: Hey, Walter, it’s Bill. I would say a couple of things. First, I would refer to Andy’s earlier comment on margin expansion in that 30 basis points to 50 basis points relative to the 4% to 5% growth that we’ve seen. Relative to our ability to drive incremental productivity, there is still stuff out there. I mean, the teams had a rolling 12-month funnel that, that we leverage, actively looking at ways to improve material costs through alternative sourcing, re-engineering parts to take cost out, labor efficiencies, overhead streamlining through. We did a site consolidation this year and other capital investment to improve our overall throughput with enhanced technologies. So, as we look at the funnel, our projects that we have signed up for this year from our internal plans is on par with what we delivered in 2018.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And just thinking about that longer term, you guys have done a great job with productivity over the last few years. Are we – are margins sort of peaking out here or is this the kind of a process where you can keep on going for a number of years and continue to be at that 30 basis points to 50 basis points margin improvement?
Andy Silvernail: You know, Walt, I think we can still go get more. And I’ve kind of two pieces of thinking around that. The first one is, we spend a lot of time looking at the difference between our contribution margin and our op margin. And when you do that walk, right, you’ve got about a 40 point walk that we call conversion cost. And so, you can still reinvest aggressively back into the business and still very, very actively improve conversion cost to get the kind of lift that we’re talking about without starving the business. So that’s kind of the first, just I think structurally one of the things that I think makes IDEX different, far more – on average more attractive financial engine, for lack of a better term, is that reality, right. And so, if you assume you’re going to get positive growth in the business, once you get kind of past 2%, at about 2% you’re paying the bills, right, you’re covering your normal inflation. And once you get past that, you have the ability to get some level of expansion. And if you’re in the mid-single digits, you’re going to get that 30 basis points to 50 basis points, chances are. And I think that, that reality of the IDEX economic engine, I think is really, really important. And so, we just spend a ton of time, when we say productivity, right, we’re not trying to grind out kind of marginal productivity. We go into every cycle. When I say cycle, Bill said we got a 12-month rolling funnel. Every time we have a business review, we’re looking a year forward and we have a base expectation that the people are going to cover or do better than inflation. And when you partner that with a business to get positive, it gets positive price, there’s really no reason why you can’t continue to see margin expansion. Certainly, as you move from what we’re calling now 23% to 24% into the mid-to-high 20s.
Walter Liptak: Okay. That sounds great. Okay, thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Walt.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back to management for any closing comments.
Andy Silvernail: So first of all, let me just say thank you for everybody for your time and your effort that you put into – to following IDEX. We appreciate the analyst community and we appreciate our investment community. I think it’s important to note, we are very cautious about the underlying environment, right, that’s out there in terms of where we are in the cycle, in terms of the likelihood of a recession. We very much believe that somewhere in the next 24 months to 36 months, there’s going to be a recession, and we believe that to be true. At the same time, we think that the long-term relative to the industrial cycle, we actually think is really attractive. And so, we want to put ourselves in a position to really win over the long-term. And I like what we’re doing in terms of focused investment, putting our money in our highest priorities, continue to segment our business, building our team and the team has done a great job and I want to congratulate them. They’ve really been outstanding. And so, I want to thank everybody there. And then just as a final word before we go, being a main native from New England, I’ve got to say Go Pats. So, with that, we will cover things, we will finish up the day, I want to thank you, Matt, and thank you, everybody again. Take care.
Operator: Great. Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Yates - IDEX Corp. Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp. William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.
Analysts: Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matt J. Summerville - D.A. Davidson & Co. Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC Charles Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Tristan Margot - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Yates, Chief Accounting Officer. You may begin.
Michael J. Yates - IDEX Corp.: Thank you, Sherry. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Let me start by saying thank you for joining our discussion of the IDEX third quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months ending September 30, 2018; and later today, we will file our 10-Q. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Andy providing an overview and an update on market conditions, geographies and our capital deployment strategies; he will then discuss our third quarter financial results and walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments; and finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the fourth quarter and the full-year 2018. Following the prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID number 13675421, or you may simply log on to our company's homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder, today's call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everybody. I appreciate you joining us here to discuss our 2018 third quarter results. Let me start with a brief summary of some key results and also our guidance. And I think as we go through the call today and questions later on, these are the points that I think really matter. Overall, the organic landscape of our business remains very positive. Our targeted growth investments continue to pay off. The economics of our end markets are fundamentally strong and we continue to see growth across all geographies. Our balance sheet is strong and we have ample dry powder to play across our framework to drive long-term value for shareholders. Tariffs and inflation are ramping. Our teams have been able to offset the headwinds through pricing actions and productivity to remain ahead of the inbound pressure. Finally, our effective tax rate for the third and the fourth quarters have been more variable than normal. In the third quarter, we had favorability in our rate due to excess tax benefit related to stock compensation that drove $0.04 EPSB (00:03:24) versus our guide. In the fourth quarter, we have approximately $0.07 of EPS pressure in our guide to revise assumptions impacted by a repatriation of a tax estimate associated with tax reform. However, our full-year ETR is still expected to be 23%, which is in line with our guidance. At the end of the day, we exceeded our Q3 performance and we're raising our full-year guidance. All right, onto the quarter. We had great execution by our team, along with healthy market conditions, which drove another quarter of outstanding results for IDEX. We, once again, achieved high-single-digit organic growth rates for both orders and sales and we outperformed our markets. I continue to be very pleased with our results and here are some highlights. Orders were up 7% overall, 8% organically. Sales were up 8% overall, 9% organically. Adjusted op margin was 200 basis points up, is 24% for the quarter. Adjusted EPS was $1.41, which was another record, up $0.33 or 31%. The $1.41 is $0.10 higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance, and I'll walk you through some details of that shortly. Free cash flow was $114 million, 104% of adjusted net income, it was impacted by a couple items that I'll talk about here in a minute. Continuing the momentum we had in the first half, our Q3 operating results were strong across the board. Our targeted growth efforts continue to pay dividends, we're driving high-single-digit growth rates in orders and sales across our business. Finally, the IDEX difference continues to be the catalyst behind our results. Great teams, focused on critical few initiatives in their businesses that are driven by our customers. We see example after example throughout our units, it's what separates us from the competition and allows us to deliver for our employees and for our shareholders. Now, I'd like to take a minute and just walk you through what we're seeing in the markets we serve and the regions we do business in. The industrial markets conditions continue to be favorable, day rates for our book and ship businesses continue at high levels, project activity is strong, and the funnel remains full. In Scientific Fluidics & Optics, our life science market remains healthy, our teams continue to drive expansion in IVD/Bio and DNA sequencing through customer intimacy and innovation. The Energy market has rebounded with oil prices rising and stabilizing, we're seeing project activity across liquid petroleum gas, refined fuels and commercial aviation. In Municipal, the North American market is stable, our focus remains on new product development in Water and investments in emerging markets within fire and rescue to drive growth. If we turn to a geographic outlook, the bottom line is that sales across all geographies have performed well in the quarter, with healthy underlying economic conditions and our targeted growth initiatives we've grown across the globe. However, we are keeping our eye close on several factors that could impact the overall growth environment. As we look at tariffs, our best estimate for the impact to IDEX is approximately $2 million for the remainder of 2018. We'll offset the impact, but we continue to monitor the potential future ramifications as we get deeper into global trade uncertainty. Inflation remains a concern and continues to have an impact. We've been successful in mitigating inflation through productivity and price realization. With that said, we keep an eye on any aggressive actions from central banks that could negatively affect the current growth trajectory. These two items are real risk for the overall economy and IDEX. Regardless of the external environment, which we expect to remain volatile, we are committed to outperform our markets. Before I turn to the quarterly results, just a quick comment on M&A. Overall, it remains a top focus for us, but remains challenged due to the environment that we're in with valuations. Our teams are hard at work at both cultivation and evaluation of several deals, but we're going to remain disciplined and we're only going to do deals that fit into our criteria. Our focus has and always will be to deliver the best possible returns to our shareholders. Our balance sheet is very strong, and when the right deal comes along, we'll capitalize on it. Okay. Let's turn to third quarter results, I'm on slide 4. Q3 revenues were $623 million, up 8% overall, 9% organically, driven by outperformance in all three segments. We expanded gross margin by 10 basis points to 45%, primarily due to production efficiencies and volume leverage which is partially offset by investments in engineering related to new product development. Adjusted op margin was up to 24%, up 200 basis points over last year. Q3 net income was $106 million, resulting in EPS of $1.37. If you exclude restructuring, adjusted EPS was $1.41, up $0.33 or 31% over last year. Our Q3 effective tax rate was 20.2%, which is lower than the 26.4% last year, mainly due to the enactment of 2017 tax reform at the end of last year and higher excess tax benefit from stock options in the period. The third quarter ETR of 20.2% was 280 basis points lower than our previously guided amount. It accounted for $0.04 out of the $0.10 of EPS favorability compared to the midpoint of our guidance. The remaining $0.06 of EPS favorability was driven by operations. Free cash flow was a solid $114 million, 104% of adjusted net income and it was impacted by two items. First, we invested $19 million in CapEx primarily for growth; and second, we made a discretionary $10 million contribution to our defined benefit pension plan to take advantage of accelerated deductions. In regards to the balance sheet, it remains very healthy. Gross debt leverage is 1.3 times and net debt leverage is 0.5 times. The combination of a strong balance sheet, capacity of our revolver and free cash flow have us in a position to deploy well over $1.5 billion in the next 12 months if we're able to. All right. Let's turn to the segment discussions, I'm on slide 5, and we'll start with FMT. Look, Fluid & Metering had really strong numbers in the quarter, for both orders and revenue. Orders were up 9% overall, 12% organically. Sales were up 8%, also up 12% organically. Op margin, if you exclude for restructuring, was at 29.5%, up 140 basis points over the last year, and the performance was driven by really a wide array of businesses, but principally in our Industrial Fluids business, our Pump business had another great quarter, up double-digits in orders and sales. U.S. distribution remained strong and targeted growth efforts are gaining traction and driving project wins in oil and gas and the chemical markets. Ag continues to perform well and has had solid pre-season orders, that's a good signal for the momentum of the future, and our OEMs have been optimistic and have confirmed that outlook. In Energy, we had a strong quarter for Energy, up double digits in orders and sales, and the market conditions look favorable here into the future. All right. Let's go on to Health & Science, I'm on slide 6. I was very pleased also with the performance here at Health & Science. Q3 orders were up 9% overall, 8% organically. Sales were up 7% overall, 6% organically. Excluding restructuring expense, adjusted op margin increased 130 basis points to 23.5% due to higher volume and productivity. In Life Science and in Optics, our IVD/Bio business and our Life Science Optics businesses are outpacing their markets due to targeted new product development in collaboration with our customers. And the Finger Lakes acquisition, that integration is going well. The technology offerings are already helping us better serve our customers. In HST in the industrial side, we had double-digit order growth and sales growth in the third quarter, driven by some large new product development wins. These were achieved by some great work by a team at Gast. The Sealing Solutions, it continues to perform well in the industrial, automotive and the oil and gas end markets, although we are seeing some slowdown in semicon, although that is still growing in the single digits. And finally, in MPT, strong overall commercial activity in pharma & food and we have seen a pickup in India. Okay. I'm on our last segment, Diversified. I'm on slide 7. Q3 orders were up 2% overall, 3% organically. Q3 revenues were up 10% overall, 11% organically. If you exclude again for restructuring, adjusted op margin was 27.7%, which increased 300 basis points over last year and again attributable to volume and productivity. In Dispensing, we had strong project volume in North America that drove a significant amount of their growth in the third quarter, while the rest of the world remains somewhat steady. And we did see some push and pull between the third and the fourth quarters in Dispensing, and I'm sure when we get into question-and-answer we can talk about that. But we did have some revenue move into the third quarter and out of the fourth quarter here, that was meaningful for Dispensing In Fire & Safety, the Fire business posted positive orders and sales growth versus last year, even though there is some constraint in the OEM supply chain. The Rescue business posted double-digit orders and sales growth this quarter, driven by some nice project wins around the globe. And finally, at BAND-IT, energy continues to recover, industrial run rates are stable, and OEM volume continues to be above expectations. All right. Let's conclude here with some comments on guidance for the fourth quarter and for the year. I'm on slide 8. In Q4 we're estimating the EPS ranging from $1.25 to $1.27 with organic revenue growth in the range of 5% to 6% and operating margin around 23%. The Q4 effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 26%, primarily driven by the revised assumptions related to repatriation taxes associated with the 2017 tax reform. This is providing approximately a $0.07 headwind in the fourth quarter. We'll also have about a 1% top-line headwind from FX based on the September 30 rates and corporate costs are expected to be $18 million to $20 million in the fourth quarter. If we turn to the full-year, we've increased our full-year guidance of EPS as we're now at $5.35 to $5.37. This is up $0.08 on the low-end and $0.02 on the high-end from our previous guidance, due to the Q4 tax pressure that we noted. Full-year organic revenue growth is expected to be approximately 8%. We guided 7% previously. Op margin is expected to be 23%, and overall, we'll have a 1% tailwind from FX based on the September 30 rates. The full-year effective tax rate, it will be approximately 23%. But I think everybody knows that the IRS is still working through interpretation, so there could be some volatility in overall tax numbers as we get to the end of the year. CapEx is anticipated to be over $50 million and free cash flow should be around 105% of net income due to the pension distribution and the increased capital expenditures that I mentioned before. And finally, corporate costs will be in the $78 million to $80 million range. As always, our earnings guidance excludes any associated costs of future acquisitions or restructuring. With that, let me pause here and, Sherry, let me turn it back to you for any questions that we have.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning, Mike.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: So, Andy, why don't you just talk about your perspective on where we are cyclically right now? Obviously, order rates are really strong internally. It certainly seems like still strong order rates from some of the more leading indicator-type businesses, you mentioned BAND-IT in the prepared remarks, but a lot of volatility with the tariffs and things like that. So, just some color on where you think we are cyclically and what it means for your sustainability of the underlying dynamics right now.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet. So, Mike, I think there are three things that are really important. The first one is, where are we sitting in the cycle relative to kind of what a normal cycle looks like. And the issue that we've talked about quite a bit with folks is, we've got a very long overall cycle that we're bumping up against, but the industrial cycle is actually still pretty young. If you think about, we're just two years out of a really tough industrial recession. And so, I think that, overall, that kind of clouds the overall cyclical conversation. So, that's number one. Number two, the indicators within the business are really quite good, meaning, if you just look at the strength of our businesses across the board, it's – you're still struggling to find weak spots. And look, as you get further into this, you run into comps, you get into fourth quarter...
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: ...comps become more difficult. 2019, the comps become very difficult. That's just the reality of where we are. But the indicators of – are the markets healthy, are the geographies healthy, with some exceptions in emerging markets. But generally in the places we play, boy, it's hard to find a soft spot. And then you get into – I think the two items that I mentioned in my prepared remarks which are inflation and tariffs and, of course, the go hand-in-hand. And I think that that's the danger. I think that's where you have a dangerous potential of both rising inflation and a market rolling over at the same time, which is probably why our stock has traded down $26 in four weeks. But when you kind of – when you look at that, I think it does – it creates a pretty cloudy picture of what you would think would be strength in a relatively young industrial cycle. But these issues of tariffs and inflation have people concerned, right. They have customers concerned, they have suppliers concerned. And so, we are – as you would imagine, we've always said, we are – it's much easier for us to adjust to the upside than the downside. So, as you might imagine, we're being pretty tough minded about thinking about the future, we want to be prepared if anything does happen. At the same time, there's really nothing that would tell us that something negative is on the immediate horizon.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Great color. And then, let's take that last point and segue into a conversation on. One, how are you guys responding to the inflation pressures? Obviously, you called out a $2 million of headwind in the fourth quarter, I'm assuming it's kind of the run rate into next year, how do you feel you are relative to the inflation pressures that probably could – probably persist in the next year? How on top of that? And then, secondarily and related, how do you think about the overall margin picture for the organization? You're at peak in two of the three segments, really close to peak enough in your Fire & Safety, Dispensing side...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: ...there's still opportunity for progression, but maybe marry those two in the conversation about where do you think margins, how much room and runway there are in margins in the context?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: So, our goal relative to price-cost is obviously to continue to have that positive gap that we've had historically, which has been 20 basis points to 40 basis points, and we still have that today. The – I can't see why we wouldn't continue, we've been on the front edge of pricing and we'll continue to do that as we go into 2019. The inflation side has ramped up a lot. We – if we saw inflation that was running at 20 bps or 30 bps of sales, if you just use that as a percentage of sales, a proxy, that's gone up to 80 bps or 90 bps recently, if you kind of look at those run rates. And so, then you add in the impact of tariffs and whatnot, and we still have positive price-cost, and it's our expectation to stay there. So, I don't think there's a reason why we're going to give up margin in terms of that relationship in total. So, I feel pretty good about that. As you go forward, I don't worry about peak margins if we continue to have a relatively decent growth environment, meaning, if we continue to see growth – underlying market growth in the 2% to 3% range and we can go get our couple hundred basis points on top of that, we're going to flow through, right, we're going to see flow through that's in the 30% to 35% range. The flow through on this quarter was pretty hot, as a matter of fact, little bit hotter than you really like it to be, frankly. But we'll still be able to produce at that level. And the reason that I don't think we're going to hit a threshold like maybe a lot of companies are going to hit in this environment is that, we still have a lot of room between our contribution margins and our operating margins, right. So, we're not hitting a threshold where we need to now put in a bunch of fixed costs that are going to naturally depress overall, the overall margin profile. So, we still have that gap, and so incremental volume still flows through at pretty attractive rates.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great color, as always. Appreciate it.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, maybe just a follow-up on that last point on Mike's questions there. Did you give the specific price, gross pricing in the quarter, and then where do you expect to be for the year? I know you've reaffirmed the target of 20 basis points to 40 basis points positive price spread, but what was price?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, it's – hey, Deane. This is Bill. It increased in the third quarter versus the second quarter. We were at around 1 point in the second quarter. We've elevated that, and our expectation, it's going to continue to increase here into the fourth quarter. That's primarily due to inflation from just a material and wage perspective, it's flattened out sequentially, and the incremental drag we have is really the additional tariffs we've seen. So, the incremental pricing is really out there to offset that tariff run rate as that escalates here into the fourth quarter.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes. So, we're north of 1 point, Deane, and that will get a little bit better here in the fourth quarter and we expect to be a little bit better into next year. With the total inflation also inching up and we'll keep that 20 bp to 40 bp positive gap.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just to clarify that, $20 million – excuse me, $2 million tariff headwind, what's included in that assumption?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: That is the direct impact and what we can calculate on the indirect impact is our supply chain is fragmented with their purchasing from overseas.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: It's not perfect science, Deane. We are literally going line item by line item to do it. But then you have all of the other impacts, the second derivative impacts that happen that you can't kind of factor into it. But that's what we see is going to hit our P&L flowing through material cost and into the business.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then, just to switch gears, but also to use the term Andy used a moment ago about thresholds, and this is a high-quality problem question to be asked. But what's your willingness to pass the threshold into a net cash position? I think everyone applauds your discipline not chasing bad deals because those are with you forever. And is there a – any sensitivity about passing that threshold into 2019?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Deane, I don't think we get – when do we get there, Mike? We get there at the end of the...
Michael J. Yates - IDEX Corp.: Second – yeah, second half of next year.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Second half of the next year, yeah. So, I guess, the direct answer to your question is no. I always sit back and think about what's the – what are the smartest things to do to drive overall long-term total shareholder return. And to me, that becomes a little bit of a fictional issue of building cash or not building cash, right, we want to do the right things, if I don't have something better to do with it, I'm better to build cash. And so, if we got – if we found ourselves with an inordinate amount of cash three years from now, maybe we're having a different conversation, but I don't believe we'll be there. So, if we pass it in 2019 and we're in a net cash position, I'm okay with that for a period of time.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then, just last question, and you – I think you asked for the question in Q&A, but can you just give us the color what's going on, on the Dispensing side and the push outs?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. So, it's actually – we had some relatively large project, order activity that ended up hitting in the third quarter that we thought was going to go in the fourth. And so – and you know, we kind of see this periodically in that business, it doesn't happen to us a lot. So, we had a little bit better revenue here in the third quarter and we'll be a little bit lighter in the fourth quarter because of it
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Did you size that?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, I would say, within the spend, FSD is really where there is a little bit of the Q4 pull into Q3, and it's about $5 million from Dispensing and about $3 million from the Rescue business. So, if you calibrate it, the organic growth, if you – between the two quarters would be 8% and closer to 7% in Q4.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. Thank you
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet, Deane.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hi, Scott.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): ...Andy, Bill, and a hearty welcome back, Mike.
Michael J. Yates - IDEX Corp.: Thanks, Scott.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I wanted to ask about the restructuring in the quarter because it looks like we've got a little bit of an outsized charge in HST, and what exactly did you guys see there that how do you go ahead with that type of number?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Hey, Scott, it's Bill. That's primarily related to, we opened up the Rochester Center of Excellence that we've been talking about. And the final building moves were completed – two out of three were completed within the third quarter which was a significant amount of the incremental expense.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, there is – please.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Go ahead. Go ahead, Scott.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): No, I was just going to say that, so on that piece, we shouldn't look at that as necessarily a dollar for dollar cost saving number in the...
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Correct.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Right.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, that's probably fair, but that – look, this is very exciting. We're going to officially open the building, we have operations going there, but we're going to officially open that building here in a few weeks. And it's a big deal, right. When you look at what we're going to have there in Rochester around optical capability that's going to be best-in-class and our ability to continue to win content on new programs worldwide, this is a great win for us.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yep. Thank you for that. I guess, my follow-up is very simple and it's maybe more from the frontline folk. Obviously, the concern in the industrial markets right now, there are several things, but one of them is certainly, if tariffs and inflation maybe start to take a choke hold on demand...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): ...you guys are very short cycle, and so – in a number of your businesses. And so, I was just wondering if – what the customers are saying about that to this day?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: It's an interesting thing, and I think I said something similar in the last call. But what people are saying and what people are doing aren't necessarily the same things. And so, what do I mean by that? So, there is a lot of chatter out there about what inflation and what tariffs mean and the risk to overall demand, there's clearly a lot of chatter out there in the customer base and supply chain, et cetera. And I think where you could see that play itself out is, if you saw project activity slow down, right. So, I don't expect to see the book and ship, the book and bill business, that's been pretty steady. The real driver in changing demand over the last two years, yeah, clearly book and ship business has gone up, but you've seen project activity pick up. And I think where the risk is, people go, okay, wait a second here, I'm going to push off my decision-making until I get clarity. That to me is a real risk. We haven't seen evidence of that yet, Scott, to be clear, but that is something that we're really looking out for. And the problem with things like that is, it can move, that stuff can shift pretty quickly. It can get pushed out of when you think it's going to go to being pushed into the future. And so, it's something that we're keeping our eye on. But if you just look at the overall book and bill business, it's in the industrial world, it's solid, I mean, it's good. And so, as we go through the quarter here, I think we'll know by the middle part of November – I think we'll know by the middle part of November, as you get close to Thanksgiving, of whether or not anybody starts getting happy feet around some of the stuff. So, to your point, we're still a short cycle, we don't have an insight into that today except to say that our business looks good, but that's the thing that we're going to be watching out for as we get into the – deeper into the fourth quarter.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, thanks.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Winoker with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. This is Peter Lennox-King on for Steve.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hi, Peter.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: I was hoping that we could talk a little bit about the CapEx increase in quarter.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: In particular, as you were talking about the fixed cost front in the margin discussion. And could you just lay out for us where you're investing, whether that's incremental planned investment to cope with the higher growth rate that you're seeing. And then from that, is that incremental investment along with the pension contribution, the reason for the slightly lower free cash conversion guidance for the year?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: So, Peter, let me – I'll talk to it a little bit, and then I'm going to ask Bill to jump in too on it. So, generally, if you look at our CapEx, our CapEx was actually a little bit lighter in the first part of the year than we had expected, and a bunch of that is due to how quickly things can be delivered. So, as you think about equipment lead times, they've been extended. I think, I talked about that in the last call. They've been extended more than we would have expected. So, we were a little bit lighter than we would have liked to have been in the first half of the year and we caught up with a bunch of it here in the second half. So, I wouldn't say there's anything surprising in that $19 million number. It's not like something we just found in the third quarter and decided to invest in. These are things that have been long planned and in process just generally. And the vast majority of that is around growth, and that's the exciting part. So, as I look into 2019, 2020, 2021, and I look at the things that we're investing in, we just finished our strat planning internal discussion and we'll have that discussion with our board here in a couple weeks. Those investments are all aligned with the bigger growth initiatives that we're teeing up. And hopefully the things that will drive couple hundred basis points of outperformance that we've been able to deliver here in the recent future. So, I feel good about the investments. The timing is a little bit between first quarter and second quarter, and it's kind of nothing that popped up. And Bill, do you want to – anything else you want to add to that?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: No. I think, as we went through and a lot of the capital investment's really around new product development tooling, where we've done a build-out of a couple engineering labs across the organization, cleanroom capacity in some of our higher tech businesses. And then, the last piece, obviously, there's a significant part of growth, but we have talked a lot about productivity through new equipment relative to addressing labor shortages across the portfolio. So, we have retooled a couple sites with increased machine capacity to address skilled labor consolidation within various markets. So, I think it was probably two-thirds growth and a third of some of that productivity capital that will help us in the next year, too.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: Great. That's helpful. And then, is that CapEx along with the pension the reason for the slightly lower...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Oh, yeah, yeah. I'm sorry, we didn't answer that direct. Yeah. So, we had $19 million incrementally or $19 million in CapEx. What do you think that was over our normal run rate, maybe $6 million, $7 million?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, exactly. So, we raised our guide, it was around $45 million. It's going to be a little bit over $50 million for the year now, and the pension expense at $10 million. That reconciles back to 110% of free cash flow.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet, Peter.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: Then, if I could sneak in one more on just the capital deployment or the M&A sort of environment. Is the recent volatility that you're seeing in the market, is that – do you think that's going to help shake some deals loose here in the near term? And how are you sort of seeing the conversations that you're having with people?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Peter, I actually think it's going to have the opposite effect in the near term. I think some of the things that have been coming to market might end up with more pressure than the sellers would have liked, and it may actually make them hesitant. I'm hoping that people find religion relative to valuations. But I think, if anything, it might actually put a little bit of a pause on some folks who have pretty high expectations. Now, that being said, if we get something sustained, then you'll start to normalize, right, you'll get things to normalize a little bit. But you got to get off the sugar high that's existed here for quite some time and get into some level of realism. So, I think it's going to take some time for that to play itself through.
Peter Lennox-King - UBS Securities LLC: That's great. Thanks very much, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Our next question is from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hey, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: On the tariff cost pressure with your component suppliers, can you maybe talk to the opportunity to adjust that supply chain to mitigate some of those costs, do you have that opportunity?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: We do, and we've done some of it already. We actually buy the vast majority of our supply chain is in region for region, so we're not buying a ton of stuff across borders. There is some. So, in places where we can consolidate and we are doing some of it. And then, on the other side, we have a few pockets of opportunity where we're actually moving production. So, we're moving production from some regions into others. It's not big, to be clear with you, it's not big numbers. You know that's just not something that we can do. But places where we actually have the opportunity to get closer to a customer base, we are taking some of that and moving production from regions that are being negatively impacted by tariff. So, we're doing a little bit on both sides, but they're not big numbers, Allison. Bill, anything to add to that?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: No. I think you hit the two major work streams.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Okay. Yeah.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: Got it. And then, you touched on the supply chain challenges that you had in the first half, and then it looked like in Fire you had a little bit coming maybe on the OEM side. Are those starting to worsen, are they kind of stable at this point, any color around that?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. To be clear, Allison, the supply chain issues that I was talking about are specific to Fire, and they're actually specific to the Fire OEMs who are our customers. So, we're able to deliver to them, but they're having other issues relative to supply chain that's slowing down a shipment. So, you're seeing the backlog build substantially in that customer base. So, that just did – the fact that it slows down our ability to roll that business. So, we'll see their ability to pull out of that, but they have a huge backlog. If you look at the main truck builders in the U.S. in particular, they've got a big backlog.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: I guess, on that point, do you have the visibility in that Fire business or could we see some, I guess, volatility in numbers quarter-to-quarter because of that?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I don't think so. I think actually if you – any volatility in the near-term is going to be positive if they get better at shipping. But I don't think you're going to see them increase by 10% or 20% their volume coming out of their factory. So, I think it's going to be marginal.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, if anything, it stabilizes a bit...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Right.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: ...if there is a downturn, because they're going to work off that backlog as the macro economy slows.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet, Allison.
Operator: Our next question is from Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: So, Andy, you talked about – a little bit there about that your kind of worst fear of what could happen in the macro economy here as being kind of a stagflation environment or recession with inflation in it.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You guys have talked about maintaining a 20 basis point to 40 basis point spread above these inflationary pressures. Given the strong demand, you can say how that's possible to do. If you got into kind of your worst possible outcome environment here, would you still be able to maintain that spread, are the businesses critical enough to the customers? You've got nichey businesses with high market shares. Do you think you could still maintain that kind of spread in that kind of environment?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I do, Nathan. I think, is it possible that in a quarter or two in that kind of – what you're describing is a radical environment that we haven't seen in 40 years, right?
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: But if you got that, could you – I think we would keep it. Certainly, if you look at it in a year-long window, I don't think we'd go negative, and I don't believe there's been a time in IDEX history when we have. Would there be – would it be really tight? Yeah, it'd be a lot tighter. But that would work itself out in a matter of a quarter or two. I don't believe there's any environment that would be sustained in a way that we get behind that curve for any meaningful period of time.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's helpful. And I know we've talked about inflation and you guys have signaled that – for a while now that you expected inflation to get worse in the back half of this year, and it sounds like you expect it to get worse in 2019. Can you talk about maybe what you're expecting in terms of inflation to hit the P&L in 2019 given everything that you know at the moment and understanding that...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: ...that's a moving target?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: So, I think – so, let's – for a second, let's separate tariffs and other inflation, and then obviously they come back together in total inflation. But, in what I'd call a core inflation, that's actually starting to stabilize. So, if you look at what's happening with supply and demand generally in our market spaces, you're seeing that stabilize. The wildcard that destabilizes all of this is tariffs. And I think that, if you look at what's going to be enacted on January 1, assuming that it happens, there is another impact that I think is pretty meaningful. And then, where I get concerned are, what bullets are left in whose guns and how our actors going to behave based on that. And so, given the fact that certain actors don't have many bullets left, they can start to work with regulatory issues, they can start to work with the ability to slow down permitting and stuff like that, right, that also turn into inflationary issues. And so, my point of view is that, as we go into 2019, assuming that the demand environment is essentially what we have now that the incremental inflation is going to be tariff-driven and that's just – that's a wildcard because we just don't know how people are going to – we don't know if people are going to be rational or irrational, we just don't know.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much. That's all I got.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed.
Matt J. Summerville - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Couple of questions. First, can you give a little bit more geographic specificity in terms of what you experienced organically across the regions and whether or not, in China specifically, have you seen any discernible change in business tempo into October?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. So, generally, if you look at it, our – China and India were very strong for us. But I would put the vast majority of that strength on our ability to execute. China has been a terrific turnaround story for us here in the last 12, 18 months, and has driven really nice growth. The U.S. would be next, and then Europe has softened. It's still positive, to be clear, but it has softened compared to what we were seeing earlier this year, late last year. So, that's how I kind of rack and stack them. In terms of China specifically, I do think that the underlying conditions have softened. I don't think we're going to see it in a big way in our numbers just because I think we've got a lot of initiatives that are going to continue to drive growth for us here in the near-term. But when you talk to folks in China and you see the underlying conditions, it is pretty clear that that has softened, and there is a lot of concern, right. When you talk to people independently in China, there is a lot of concern about the overall slowdown that they are experiencing.
Matt J. Summerville - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Are there any specific end markets, Andy, that you would call out either in Europe or China that may stick out to you as we head into 2019 as maybe being softer spots potentially for you?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Bill, would you think anything specific to call out?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: No, I mean, little bit on the Municipal side.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes. That's what I was thinking too. Yeah.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: That would be the one I'd probably point to.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. Muni has softened generally and that's very susceptible to government spending. So, that's one. So far, the more cyclical businesses, so I'm thinking oil and gas and chemical, those have been really good, and we haven't seen indicators, but those – back to Mike's question early on, those are some that can pause pretty quickly with slowing down projects. So, we've got our finger on the pulse of that pretty carefully. But there isn't – I would not say that a singular industry that jumps out other than maybe Municipal.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: And then, I would say, it's been really positive this year, so I think...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: ...it will slow next year.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Matt J. Summerville - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then, just a follow-up in terms of how customers or how their concern on tariffs, and the comments you made earlier, Andy, are you seeing any customer behavior that would suggest they're actually trying to buy ahead of some of these things, including the potential ramp-up, incremental ramp further on January 1? Are people trying to get ahead of that?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: We did see a little bit of behavior early in the quarter that we can't demonstrate it. We can't prove it, but it did look to us like folks were accelerating some buy in the July and August timeframe. We did see some of that, but again, because so much of what we do is configured, that's a harder thing to do in our business generally, but we do think we saw a little bit of that. And, yeah, could we see that pre-January? We could, we could. But I don't think – you're talking a point or two here or there, it's not five points.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: And for anyone who did try to put an annual PO in to get ahead of anything next year, we didn't let them do that. We consolidated the amount of time they were going to be able to buy ahead on purchases.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Matt J. Summerville - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hey. You called out Energy as strong, you had a little bit of follow-up commentary as well, but maybe just talk to some of the projects or the size and scope of the engagements that you're seeing out there. And then, maybe just a little bit more color on the pace of activity in upstream versus mid in some of your chemical markets?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. So, on the oil side, you got to remember, again, where we play. We play more in the midstream, and as you recall, we knew that that business was going to be kind of later in the overall pick-up, and that has been the case. The two places we're seeing at the most are really our LC and our Corken brands. Both of those have had a nice run here this year and real strength in the third quarter, and we expect that to continue. The overall truck builds for LC have been good. And our Corken business, they're benefiting from the market, but they've also done a great job in terms of some new products and their ability to serve customers that I think is differentiated. So, I think they're winning some share there. In the overall chemical markets, really no change. I think you're seeing the CapEx that we hadn't seen in some time. The book and bill business is stable and we expect it to be, and it's going to really all be driven by what happens with CapEx.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And then, maybe just shifting to Muni, I think in your prepared remarks you said that business was stable. Are you suggesting the rate of growth is slowing a little bit and dollar revenues are sort of flattening out here, maybe just a little bit of context on your comment? And then, just the overall state of spending with different metrics and issuances...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: ...starting to moderate here?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: So, our view is that the Muni market in the Western world is moving to a low-single-digit, more normalized growth rate after a pretty good run here. And so, we think that we're looking at that low-single-digit growth as we go into 2019 and even further out as we think about our own strat planning period. And all the data around it suggests whether it's tax receipts or the projects that we're seeing, everything supports that point of view. Obviously, in the U.S., enforcement is at an all-time low, and so we don't expect to see a pick-up from anything in that regard. And so, we think we've entered into a pretty normalized environment that gets impacted by the overall economic condition. So, if the overall economy remains relatively good, I think we see this kind of 2-ish-percent growth in the markets. And if we get a pick-up, that picks up a little bit, but I don't think it moves in a big way from either side of that growth rate.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, great, I'll pass it along.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Charley Brady with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
Charles Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning, Charley.
Charles Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: You had some comments on semiconductor, it sounds like maybe the only area that you're actually seeing a little bit more slowdown. Can you just put a little more color around that?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. So, if you look, we don't have a large concentration in semi. You're talking about a few points of our overall business. But we've had a great run there. If you look at our Seals business, if you look in our Pump businesses, we've had a really, really nice run with semiconductor here. Part of it's been the overall strength of the marketplace, and then, we've continued to take market share. And so, it's been a good new story for us. Our expectation has been and is that there's been so much capacity that's come on that you're going to have to, even though you have the secular growth story, which I do think is real, right, the secular growth story in the semiconductor world I buy into, but I don't buy into the idea that it's not cyclical. And so, I just – I think we're going to – we're seeing some of the digestion of all the CapEx that's come on, I think growth rates will slow, and if there's a little bit of a cyclical downturn, won't surprise me. But I think the overall secular story is a good one.
Charles Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great, thanks. Appreciate that color.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet, Charley.
Charles Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Just one more for me. It sounds you guys are always obviously big on new product development, R&D spending...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah
Charles Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: ...but it sounds from some of your commentary and maybe the investments you've made that may have stepped up a little bit, I'm just trying to see if I'm reading that correctly, or is it just typical IDEX that we've seen historically?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I think, we have stepped it up some, Charley, and – but it hasn't been – it's not a new thing. If you went back even a couple of years ago, we called out some incremental investments when we guided for the year that surprised people a little bit. And I think the work that we have done around segmenting our businesses to really better understand those applications where we have real advantage and we can really grow in a faster way within segments, we've done a better job of doing that, and the capital and the people investments have moved disproportionately to those things. And so, it's kind of great, as we're looking at our strategic plan here for the next three years, we've been through that here in the last couple of weeks, it's really fun to see a larger number of bigger bets that we're making, and capital and organization that are aligning with those. And so, when I think about our ability to outgrow our markets by couple hundred basis points, forget about – you can pick the market growth rate that you want, can we or can't we do that? I have increasing confidence that we can do that. So, if we end up with a – in a 2% world in 2019, boy, I hope we can deliver 4%, and then you can kind of go from there. So, I feel good about the actions and the alignment, and we're really at multiple years into this journey already, so it's not like we're starting from scratch.
Charles Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Thanks very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Giordano with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Tristan Margot - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. This is Tristan in for Joe, thanks for taking the question.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet.
Tristan Margot - Cowen & Co. LLC: Could you talk a little bit about the inventory levels of your distribution network especially for FMT, and then how much of order growth in the quarter was due to maybe inventory levels, if any?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I don't think any, Tristan, yeah. We – the only places that we really have a good piece of visibility into that is really in our FMT business, mostly around industrial distribution. And if you look at where we get POS and the sell-through rates, it indicates that we're in pretty good shape. I don't think there's been a large buildup. We don't – our distributors don't stock a lot of stuff anyway. So, I don't – we don't kind of get a lot of benefit or a lot of – or a hit on the head when you see those things bump up and down. So, generally, I feel pretty good about it.
Tristan Margot - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And then, just another quick one. You obviously appear to be outperforming a lot of your markets. So, I was wondering how much of this is your ability to target your sales force or how much is due to simply having the right product?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Tristan, for us, when I think about segmentation, it is an alignment of all of your resources. So, number one, it's a clear choice of where you want to play and where you have an advantage. So, you're aligning sales, you're aligning application engineering, you're aligning new product development, and then obviously your ability to serve is aligning too. That to me is the key. So, it's not just one piece of the organization, it's around segmentation, resource allocation, and our ability to focus an application at a time that I think allows us to differentiate.
Tristan Margot - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you very much, Sherry. Well, first of all, I want to thank all of you for your interest in IDEX. We're obviously living in a pretty volatile time that we're all looking at. But I feel great about our company. We have – we've built a team here across our 7,000 people that understands how to deal with any of these environments, so whether things are moving at an accelerated pace forward or we hit an air pocket, either one, we know how to run this business, it's an exceptional business, it's well-positioned to deliver outperformance, and I feel very good about that. And with that, I want to thank the folks at IDEX. This is a great team of people who consistently deliver day-in and day-out, and I want to thank everybody. And then finally, just before we go, being a Mainer at heart and growing up in New England, I got to say Go, Red Sox. So, thank you very much, everybody. I look forward to talking to you in the next 90 days.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Grogan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Andy Silvernail - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Steve Winoker - UBS Deane Dray - RBC Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Nathan Jones - Stifel Brett Linzey - Vertical Research Joe Giordano - Cowen and Company Scott Graham - BMO Walter Liptak - Seaport Global
Operator: Greetings and welcome to IDEX Corporation's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and a brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bill Grogan. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Bill Grogan: Thank you Brenda. Good morning everyone. This is Bill Grogan, Chief Financial Officer for IDEX Corporation. I am stepping in for Mike Yates this quarter. I will cover the introduction. Let me start by saying, thank you for joining us for our discussion on the IDEX second quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months ending June 30, 2018 and later today we will file our 10-Q for the same period. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO. The format of our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview and update on the market conditions, geographies and our capital deployment strategies. He will then discuss our second quarter financial results and walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with our outlook for the third quarter and full year 2018. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 137675420, or you may simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you Bill. Good morning everybody. I appreciate you joining us to discuss our second quarter results. Let me start with a brief overview. Look, we had another outstanding quarter. As a matter of fact, I would say in my seven years as CEO, it's the strongest overall quarter we have had and resulted in a very strong first half of the year. Just about every market that we have has shown solid growth and the economy we are in strong despite what we are seeing with global trade. I will provide more details on market conditions and geographies in a minute. Strong execution and continued healthy market conditions drove another record quarter for IDEX. After achieving all-time highs in orders, sales, operating income and EPS in the first quarter, we topped that this quarter and once again hit all-time highs in each of these categories. I am very pleased with our record second quarter and our first half operating results. I will go into more detail shortly, but let me give just a quick overview and some highlights here. Orders were up 9% overall, 8% organically. Sales were up 11%, up 9% organically. Adjusted operating margin was up 180 basis points to 23.6%. Adjusted EPS was $1.40, up $0.32, or 30%. And free cash flow was $110 million, up 40%. Of all the positive numbers in the quarterly results, I am most proud of the team's sustained outperformance on organic growth. The high single digit growth rates for both orders and sales driven by solid growth across all three segments is truly outstanding. Overall, we delivered terrific operating performance. Before I go through more specific details on financial results, let me add that I am excited that we just announced the acquisition of Finger Lakes Instrumentation, which will fill strategic gap and a nice complement in our IDEX health and science portfolio. I am also thrilled with the asset purchase of Phantom Controls that we made in June. These acquisitions will be a nice add to our portfolio. Finally, we continue to live the IDEX difference daily. Great teams embracing 8020 are driven by customer obsession. It's nice to watch a culture of the company embrace our initiatives and show up in our financial results. Now let me take a minute to talk about the markets that we play in and the regions we serve. In industrial, industrial production momentum continues. Day rates for our book and bill business remains at high levels and we see increased project activity converting to orders. In scientific, fluidics and optics, demand within life sciences remains positive and we continue to have a really, really nice performance overall. Energy, we have had a rebound in this market. Midstream oil and gas has picked up and upstream remains strong. In semicon, the global markets have remained strong, really all year and we look forward to that strength continuing. In agriculture, the markets continued to perform and the OEMs have affirmed the outlook for the balance of the year. We do have some concern here relative to trade but we will have to monitor that going forward. In the municipal markets, the markets remained strong. New product development in water has been a really nice benefit for us and emerging markets have done well. Now let's look at the geographies. Overall, things are going well for us in North America. Europe continues to be solid. And in Asia, in both China and India, we see things going very well. In summary, what we saw begin to experience in 2017 has accelerated in 2018. Once again, I would like to talk about for a minute with what we are seen with tariffs. Based on the enacted tariffs, our best estimate is that we are going to see $4 million to $6 million of impact in 2018. We continue to look at all of our options including pricing and alternative sourcing strategies and we have done a really nice job of overall balancing the overall margin impact to the business. Let me take a second and talk about inflation. We are starting to see the higher impact from inflation, but we have been very successful in mitigating the uptick through productivity and price realization. With that said, inflation remains a concern and the team is doing a very, very well, a very, very good job of monitoring this impact on a go forward basis. Let's turn to capital deployment. I would like to take a minute to recap our capital deployment strategy. As always, organic growth remains our number one focus and the team is dedicated to our overall targeted organic growth and new product development initiatives. This is evidenced by our outstanding organic order and revenue performance. With M&A, it remains a priority for us and we continue to evaluate a lot of opportunities. We are going to remain disciplined and focused on delivering the best possible returns to our shareholders. Our balance sheet is strong and when the right deals come along, we will capitalize on it. Speaking of the right deals, I am excited to welcome both been Phantom Controls and Finger Lakes to the family. The assets of Phantom Controls will match nicely with our current fire suppression business and help accelerate our waterflow strategy. And on Monday, we expanded our health and science portfolio by adding Finger Lakes Instrumentation. This will be a nice add to our overall fluidics and optical business. We will work to quickly integrate both of these acquisitions and bring them into the family in the short order. In terms of share repurchases, during the quarter, we deployed approximately the $20 million to repurchase 147,000 shares of stock. We remain committed to our strategy of repurchasing shares when it will create long-term shareholder value. In the second quarter, the Board approved a $0.06 increase in our quarterly dividend, which equated to a 16% increase. This resulted in a $33 million dividend payout to our shareholders in the quarter. All right. Let me turn now to our results here in the second quarter. I am on slide four. Q2 orders of $639 million were up 9% overall and 8% organically. Again, the strong order growth from all three segments, the strength in the first half orders provides us the confidence for the second half. Q2 revenue of $634 million was up 11% overall and 9% organically, driven by positive results in all three segments. FMT was up 10%, HST was up 8% and FSD was also up 8%. We built $5 million of backlog in the quarter on top of the $20 million that we built in the first quarter. We expanded Q2 gross margins by 50 basis points to 45.3%, primarily due to production efficiencies and volume leverage, partially offset by the investments in engineering. Q2 operating income was $149.8 million, adjusted for approximately $2 million of restructuring expenses. That was up 20% compared to the prior period. Q2 operating margin adjusted for the $2 million restructuring was 23.6%, up 180 basis points year-over-year. Similar to the first quarter, the majority of the restructuring expenses were within HST and are associated with our investment in the new optics center of excellence in Rochester, New York. Consolidated operate margin was also impacted by higher corporate costs, which was mainly due to $2.2 million stamp duty in Switzerland associated with the restructuring of an intercompany loan. Q2 net income was $107 million resulting in EPS of $1.38. Excluding the restructuring expenses, EPS was $1.40, an increase of $0.32, or 30% over last year. Our Q2 effective tax rate was 21.7%, which is lower than the 26.1% in the prior period. This was mainly due to the enactment of the 2017 tax reform at the end of last year. The 21.7% second quarter ETR was 80 basis points favorable to our previously guided amount. This was driven by continuous effort to modify our tax strategies and to the tax reform. The positive EPS impact of our lower ETR versus our guide was basically offset by the same tax I mentioned earlier. Overall, we had $0.09 operational beat versus the midpoint of our guide. Free cash flow was $110 million, 101% of adjusted net income and up over 40% from last year. And finally, flow through was another great story, over 40% of sales. In regards to our balance sheet, it's very healthy. We have gross debt of 1.4 times, net debt of 0.6 times and well over $1 billion in capital to deploy. Let me now turn to the segment discussion. I am on slide five, starting with fluid metering. FMT continues to put up strong numbers, both from an order and revenue perspective. Q2 orders were up 6% overall, 7% organically. Q2 sales up 10% overall and organically. Op margin adjusted for restructuring was 29.5%, up 240 basis points over the prior year, mainly due to volume leverage and productivity. The ag business, as I mentioned, continues to be strong and we are watching out for the impact of tariffs. In industrial fluids, the pump business is very impressive. It had record orders of sales. The U.S. distribution market is solid and day rates for book and ship continue to improve. Increased oil prices are driving continued strength in oil and gas as well as the business for our LACT. Valves, targeted growth initiatives in Europe and China have performed well in the quarter. And in water, we are well-positioned driven by new products. In energy, new product development is progressing and expected to provide future opportunities and the project funnel is solid for the back half of the year. Let's move on health and science. I am on slide six. I am very pleased with the health and science results in the quarter. Q2 revenues were up 11% overall, up 8% organically. Orders were up 5% overall, but only 2% organically. HST had a tough comp due to some very large project wins last year in MPT. Just to remember, HST orders last year were up 11%. Excluding restructuring expenses, adjusted operating margin was 23.6%, an increase of 100 basis points in the quarter mainly due to higher volume and productivity. As I stated on our last call, 23% to 24% operating margin is much closer to what I expect in the segment to be performing and I would like to commend the team once again for the improved performance. In life science and optics, the IVD/BIO end-markets continue to overperform. The recent acquisition of Finger Lakes Instrumentation will continue our expansion within this market. We are encouraged to add these technologies that Finger Lakes will bring and excited to bring them into our fluidics, microfluidics and optical illumination and detection business. In sealing solutions, the semicon market remains very robust on a global basis. Transportation and oil and gas are also doing well. In MPT, the funnel activity remains positive, but if you recall, we do have a pretty tough comp here in the third quarter in MPT. In HST industrial, demand remains overall very strong. I am now moving on to our final segment, diversified. I am on slide seven. Q2 orders were up 21% overall, 18% organically. Dispensing did have an easy comp as we had a large project last year push the second half. But even if we exclude that, orders would have been up double digits for the quarter. Revenues were up 11% overall, 8% organically. Excluding restructuring expenses, adjusted operating margin of 28.1% increased 300 basis points. This was mainly attributable to significant volume upside, along with productivity. In dispensing North American and European markets remained strong and steady with increased orders and project activity. Emerging markets remained strong from across market growth and new product development penetration. In fire and safety, rescue is positive across the globe and we have project activity pick up in India, China and the Middle East. And our fire OEM and Muni business is steady. As I mentioned earlier, we are very excited to incorporate the recently purchased assets of Phantom Controls. And finally, margins continued to improve at both Akron Brass and AWG. They are ahead of expectations. At Band-It, last but not least, we have experienced a double-digit organic order and revenue growth, driven by share gains and overall strong demand across the globe. Let me now conclude with some additional details to our 2018 guidance for the quarter and for the year. I am on slide eight. In Q3, we are estimating EPS in the range of the $1.29 to $1.32 with organic revenue growth in the range of 6% to 7% and operating margin of 23%. The Q3 effective tax rate is expected be approximately 22.5% with estimated less than 1% topline headwind from FX based on the June 30 rates. Corporate costs are expected to be approximately $20 million. Turning to full year. We have increased our full-year EPS guidance to a range of $5.27 to $5.35. Full-year organic revenue growth is expected be approximately 7%, so a nice increase in organic revenue guidance as well. If you remember, we have guided before at 5% to 6%. Full-year operating margin is expected to be in the range of 22.5% and 23%. For FX, it's going to be 1% tailwind for the year, based on the June 30 rates, but we will have headwind in the back half that is worth about $0.06 to us. The full-year effective tax rate is going to be about 23%, but we will see what happens here with tax reform. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be around $45 million. Free we cash flow will remain strong at 110% of net income and corporate costs should be in the range of $76 million to $80 million, that's up around a little more than $2 million from the stamp tax that I mentioned before. Finally, our earnings guidance excludes any associated cost of future acquisitions or restructuring. With that, Brenda, let me turn it over to any questions people have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Steve Winoker with UBS.
Steve Winoker: Hi. Thanks and good morning all. Great to see this level of growth and I agree, it's impressive. I would love to get a sense on that FSDP organic 18% increase on the order side. To what extent are these kind of one time, lumpy orders, pull-forward, anything else that we should be expecting to fall back to company mean rest of the year? I think you are up against high single comps. It wasn't easy there.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So overall, even if you take out some of the larger orders that we saw, looking at a double digit order increase, we did have some project orders that will ship in the back half of the year and even into the first part of next year. But the activity was very, very strong. I would not expect it to remain in the double-digit territory. That's too ambitious. But overall strength is pretty good. And it's in every one of the businesses. It's not in a singular business.
Steve Winoker: All right. And your forward guidance implies, I think fourth quarter at least some deceleration. Again, you have 9% comp last year. Is that all it is? Is there something more to it? Is tariffs playing into your thinking here?
Andy Silvernail: No. The tariffs, as we mentioned, is going to have some impact. Certainly into the cost structure of the business, we think about $4 million to $6 million. We haven't factored in a slowdown for overall global growth. We just have much tougher comps as we go forward. As I mentioned, last quarter, we have really started to see the acceleration at the back half of last year. And I don't think we are going to decelerate sequentially, but at the same time those comps just get tougher.
Steve Winoker: Okay. And then just one more, if I could. These acquisitions, you mentioned, the most recent one sounds pretty interesting. Are the return on invested capital plan going forward changing significantly? How should we think about the financial side of them? And any kind of call out on the strategic front would be helpful.
Andy Silvernail: The size is relatively immaterial today. Both of them are really technology plays, when you get right down to it. Phantom really helps us overall with the integration of being able to bring together all the most valuable components on a fire truck. It optimizes productivity for firefighters and safety. And the real benefit for us in Phantom is going to be pull through revenue from other parts of the business over time. It's a really neat set of technologies. It's very, very well protected with intellectual property. So we are very positive on that. Finger Lakes that we just announced, it's fundamentally a camera technology that allows us to integrate that into our optical systems. Right now, we are having to buy off-the-shelf componentry which, as things get smaller and more efficient, it gets more difficult to do. You really need to be able to integrate that yourself. And so it's a technology purchase that is right down the road from our current business in Rochester and it will go nicely into our center of excellence.
Steve Winoker: Very helpful as always. Thanks and good luck.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Deane Dray: Maybe we can start on price, cost in the quarter and then kind of separate both. So pricing, how much has pricing contributed? What's the plan on price increases? And then the other side, lots of material cost inflation, labor, how are you seeing that? And then the offsetting of tariffs?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So first on the pricing side, we got a little more than 1% in the quarter, which is a nice uptick from where we have been and that's really just our sustained strategies around the of being out and front of what we saw. Even last year, this time is a pickup in inflation. So we have been more aggressive there generally. And obviously the environment makes it easier to have those conversations with integrity with customers. The inflation has also picked up. We have kept our spread. We said, we have historically shot at somewhere over 20 to 30 point spread on price versus inflation and we have kept that. And so, we are seeing inflation pickup and it's really everywhere. It's material. It's labor. It's universal. And we expect that to continue. And obviously tariffs don't help that situation. We are having those conversations with our customers who try to, again, be ahead of everything. What you don't to be is the 20th person in line having that conversation about how tariffs have impacted the business. I think the threat and I have been talking about my concerns about inflation for a while. The threat is that, in the short-term the tariffs cause are really kind of gasoline on the inflation fire. In the long term, it's the flip side. It's actually causes the deceleration in growth. But in the short-term, we could see that impact. And we are balancing that with a combination of actual price increases and then in some cases, what I would call surcharges, where they will roll back off if tariffs roll back off. And those are broken down about 50-50.
Deane Dray: Good. That's real helpful. And then maybe just on the pricing side, we have heard some descriptions from CEOs about pricing effectiveness and what is that dialogue because you are at the higher end of the component technology and you have got more pricing power. So when you put pricing through, are you getting pushed back? Are you getting all the price? Just some color there would be helpful.
Andy Silvernail: You never get all of it. I think realization is probably somewhere in the 50% range over time of what you go to the market with and what effectively sticks. And it's easier to have those discussions in distribution than it is with, obviously if you have long-term OEM contracts, that's a much more difficult conversation to have. And so, we will typically get more price in, if we are looking at FMT and diversified and we will get less price overall in HST.
Deane Dray: Got it. And just last question on the outlook and kind of a follow-on to Steve's question is, when you look at the key barometers and we have talked about this before, whether it is Gast and Band-It and Warren Rupp, just maybe just take those kind of leading indicator businesses and what do they tell you about the pace of short cycle industrial demand and how long this demand growth is sustained?
Andy Silvernail: They are very positive If you look at our industrial businesses, our industrial fluids businesses, they are the strongest of our businesses overall. So they are signaling very positive things. We don't have any signs that that necessarily is going to slow. I am obviously very hesitant with what the overall trade discussion means to the global economy. And look, if things start to slip, they will show up fast in those businesses. Gast and Warren Rupp, in particular, Band-It, industrial, you will see that relatively quickly if the global economy starts to slow.
Deane Dray: That's real helpful. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys. Good morning. Good morning.
Allison Poliniak: Can you just talk to, I guess, capacity, both from the supplier side and your side? With growth at this level, any concerns that your suppliers won't be able to keep up, that you are going to have to adjust for it that you have been adjusting for?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, it's real, Allison. So let me talk about it from our perspective first. From our perspective, we really don't have a lot of physical constraints. If you look at buildings, machinery, you don't have a ton. We are definitely increasing our overall automation or semi-automation. We are doing that mostly through machining centers. And so, we are not really constrained in that way. The biggest constraints for us and for everybody is people, highly skilled people and that's going to continue and that's going to get more difficult as time goes on. And I do think that that's what's going to drive across the globe more investment in automation and semi-automation. In terms of our supply chain, we absolutely are seeing issues and we have been for some time. If you look at lead times, they have extended. As we talked about last quarter, we built some inventory last quarter, because we had seen lead times extend and we were trying to protect our customers, I think we have generally done a pretty good job of that. But there is really no way to avoid it in this environment. And that's why I think we are starting to see the capital cycle play out the way it is because you are seeing some constraints in global supply chain.
Allison Poliniak: That's great. And then I just want to touch on the full-year margin outlook. You are still keeping to that low-end of the range. Is there something mix-related that we should be thinking about in the back half that could bring that number down a little bit from what you did in Q2?
Bill Grogan: No. I mean when you look at our first quarter margin rate and second quarter, the average there is a little bit over 22.5%. So no major mix concern. I think we will probably be closer to the top of that range. But we wanted to give ourselves a little bit of spread, depending where things go in the back half.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Allison. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Nathan Jones: Good morning everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hi Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I guess, Andy, you guys have always been prepared for the worst and hope for the best kind of company in the way you run the businesses over there. With growth coming in pretty significantly higher than you had planned at the start of the year, are you seeing any need to add kind of back office support functions, G&A kind of functions, corporate expense kind of functions back into the business to support this higher level of growth? And then maybe how you are thinking about that with your opinion that may be tariff slowdown growth, level of growth, may be the growth doesn't stay as high as it has been that long?
Andy Silvernail: So we have very cautiously added, what I would call, overhead to the business. If you look at our overall headcount across the globe, it's only modestly changed in the last couple of years. And so we have got a lot of productivity there. Where we are going to add people, where we have added people are at the businesses. There is really no need to add a bunch of people at corporate. As you know, it's a pretty small group anyway. It's pretty much IT, finance and HR. Otherwise, everything is at the businesses. And so that's where we are going to focus our investment. I don't really see a big need for that to change. The one thing that I talked to a lot with people about is, unlike five years ago or 10 years ago, where there was a lot of fat to trim in the downturn, that doesn't exist today. And so in the next downturn, which will come, us and everybody else are going to have to be very, very smart about how we deal with that and in terms of people in particular, right. So the people shortage that exists across the globe of really of skilled folks is going to get exacerbated here, it's not going to get better. And so when you think about a downturn, you are going to approach it differently thank you have approached in the past and you are going to do everything you can to actually be ahead of the curve and make sure that you don't hurt your great people.
Nathan Jones: Fair enough. And then, I know you guys have largely or pretty much exclusively funded all of the internal growth opportunities that warrant funding, you have got high growth here, you have got more income here. Are there other projects that you can you go a little further down the list for, that potential don't have as good a returns, but still good returns that you would look at funding? Do you have enough bandwidth, enough people power to continue to do that?
Andy Silvernail: I have said this many times, I feel very confident that we are funding the things that are in front of us that makes sense. If there is a limitation, again it's people, right. I don't think it's a big limitation for us, but that's the biggest thing across any of our businesses. Great people make a huge difference. And that's why we spend so much time on it as a corporation.
Nathan Jones: And then maybe just one more following up on Allison's on the supply chain. You are talking about seeing lead times stretch out targeting the supply chain. Are you starting to say suppliers look to cash in on that and raise prices contributing to inflation? Is that something that you are expecting to see? Are you expecting it to get worse? Any color you have got there?
Andy Silvernail: We have absolutely seen it. We work at it constantly, both in mitigating with our supply base and diversifying across suppliers and passing on price where we need to, it's there, right. So if you went back two years ago, pricing into our supply chain was effectively zero, right. It was nothing and we were getting positive productivity. Today, we are in the eight-tenths of a point range that we are starting to see. And so that's a meaningful uptick across our businesses and there is really, at this stage where we are seeing demand continue to be strong, there is no reason that's going to change unless our leadership shoots us all in the foot here.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Thanks very much for your time.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Brett Linzey with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hi. Good morning all.
Andy Silvernail: Hi Brett.
Brett Linzey: Hi. I just wanted to come back to FMT margins. They really continue to impress here with further expansion in Q2. I guess, with H1 and H2 sales relatively balanced, is there anything in the back half in terms of mix or stepped up investment that would suggest or point to profit margins stepping down sequentially H1 versus H2? And then I guess, what's the expectation for that segment for the full-year?
Andy Silvernail: Bill?
Bill Grogan: Within FMT, there is some seasonality where sequentially the revenue will go down a little bit here in the back half. Example, Banjo seasonality, they are more first half related and they are one of our highest margin businesses. So it's not a huge impact, but you will probably see the margins not be as robust as they were in the second quarter, but still within that mid to upper 28% range.
Andy Silvernail: I mean just across the board, one of the major drivers of profitability for us has been the strength of a handful of industrial businesses that have superior contribution margins to the rest of the company and have pricing power. And so, we are very mindful about that. And so as you look at sequential changes that flow-through is big, positive or negative. And so you certainly have to watch that quarter-to-quarter.
Brett Linzey: Okay. And then in the release, you talked about the M&A pipeline being active. I guess how would you delineate between what's actionable at current valuations and returns versus relationships that are just being cultivated? You see anything breaking for you here in the near-term?
Andy Silvernail: We have been awfully close on some things. Just recently, we walked away from almost a $0.5 billion deal and we walked away on price. We got down to the last couple of players and we walked away just with the discipline that we brought to bear. So it certainly isn't a lack of opportunities. It isn't a lack of effort. It really is the pricing environment. And so we have been very disciplined. We will continue to be disciplined. The stuff we are cultivating, that really doesn't change quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. That magnitude looks the same. It really was driven by what's come into market and we have seen a lot of activity this year come to market and we expect that to continue with these elevated valuations.
Brett Linzey: Okay. And just maybe one more on our new product vitality. You guys have taken share here for a couple of years on orders and sales. What percent of sales are from new products over the last three years today? And I guess, what's the right number? As you guys climb the technology curve in many of these businesses, where does that target need to be?
Andy Silvernail: Brett, we stopped measuring new product vitality some time ago and the reason for that is what I found is, it tends not to be a real number. It's not something that's easily auditable and it also creates a lot of bad incentives for people to rename things to increase complexity and stuff like that. So we tend not to do that. The other thing is and really the beauty of IDEX is, we tend to have very, very long product life cycles, things that last decades and have incredible durability. And so we don't want to shoot ourselves by accelerating change that doesn't need to be changed. That being said, we are really aggressive around new product development. And if you look at the growth that we are having, the 9% organic growth, over half of that is the market and about half of it we are driving. And I would argue that that most of that is coming from new product development.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Makes sense. Great. I will pass it along. Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Joe Giordano - Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hi guys. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning Joe.
Joe Giordano: So most of my stuff has been asked already. But Andy, I just wanted, you are a pretty conservative guy and you generally like the last, God knows how long now, you guys come in above the high-end of what you are guiding pretty consistently, but this quarter the magnitude of that was even more than it has been. What were the couple things that, obviously you are not trying to get like top ticket with your guidance, but what were the couple things that were, wow, this is a lot better than what we kind of thought?
Andy Silvernail: So you come into the quarter with about 50% of the quarter book and I don't know, Bill, what's that changed by? A couple of points here and there?
Bill Grogan: Yes.
Andy Silvernail: It doesn't change by a lot. So what happens in the quarter is you get more book and turn business. And that really happened and it happened across that the business. It wasn't one or two businesses that drove it. It really was across the portfolio. And so the overall economy, my expectation was that you were not going to see a sequential acceleration in the second quarter. I thought that would start to modulate and we did see it. And so that did surprise us a little bit. So a stronger book and turn business, strength sequentially that we hadn't really expected and I do think that that does slowdown, right. We have now had what, six or seven quarters of sequential acceleration?
Bill Grogan: Yes, six.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So that's going to slowdown. There is no doubt about it. And I think we were probably a quarter or two early in making that call.
Bill Grogan: Yes. I mean the stat we look at internally, 60% of our businesses were up double digits. So that's pretty broad-based across the external segments to have that magnitude of growth across the portfolio.
Joe Giordano: So it's fair to say, you are not extrapolating that king of acceleration into your updated guidance then?
Andy Silvernail: The third quarter is going to be stronger than we thought before, but we don't see it accelerating from the second quarter like we saw with the second quarter accelerate from the first. Seasonally that tends to be a weaker quarter for us anyway. And I just don't think that the growth is going to accelerate. I don't suspect it's going to get weaker unless again, it's driven by some of the overall trade issues and whatnot. But I still think it's going to be pretty robust.
Bill Grogan: Yes. So relative to our last guide, we are more confident in the back half in what the growth numbers are going to be.
Joe Giordano: Okay. And the last for me, just on the diversified segment on the margin. That segment is so hard to model, just given the size of orders. Like what's real, what should we be thinking for the second half there?
Bill Grogan: I think 26% or 27%. At the current growth rate, it's been able to lever extremely well and with the two acquisitions that Andy mentioned earlier, the progress we have made on the integration front, they have well surpassed our expectations. So they are going to much more close to where they were pr-deal.
Joe Giordano: Thanks guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with BMO.
Scott Graham: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Andy Silvernail: Hi Scott.
Scott Graham: I am hearing some interesting questions here, kind of like I am going to ask a similar on kind of how you guys are doing it? The organic continues to shine through and somehow even got better. So I guess my simple question is, from my simple mind is, are you willing to maybe share a little of that secret sauce here, Andy? Can you tell us where the sales opportunities are most prevalent and which ones you are funding, maybe by segment? Can you maybe get a little bit more specific on how you are doing this market share, this land grab so consistently? Maybe you can give us a little more detail if possible?
Andy Silvernail: I will give you a relatively boring answer. If you actually look back, this is kind of three years in the making, if I go back. We got really aggressive, go back to 2014 and 2015. We got very, very aggressive about segmenting our businesses. And so as you think about what we have done with using the 8020 principles around segmenting our businesses, segmenting our markets and really deeply understanding where the profit pools were, where we had advantage, where we didn't have advantage and really aggressively moving resources around the company. I had mentioned earlier that we haven't seen a big change in headcount here in quite some time and the reason for that is because, over three or four years, we have really aggressively moved people and investment to the areas within businesses and I am talking about segmenting to the product level where you are moving people and resources to where we have distinctive advantage. And so I will give a great example of that. If you look at our dispensing business, if you went back six or seven years ago, we had real question marks about that business, about the viability of that business and whether or not it should be in the portfolio. And if you look what Eric Ashleman and the team have done, Eric's our Chief Operating Officer, we have fundamentally refreshed that entire product line. We exited a handful of product lines really aggressively. We entered at a previously nonexistent market segment with the X-Smart and have, as I said, refreshed the entire product category and dispensing has turned into just an outstanding business for us. That same example can be used across the across IDEX. You can go business by business. We opted to sell six businesses. As you know, we had been reticent to sell anything in the past and we got out of businesses that we didn't think we had an advantage with. We exited four, Bill, I want to say, three, four years in a row about a point of organic growth each year?
Bill Grogan: Yes.
Andy Silvernail: That didn't really show up in the numbers, per se, because we didn't talk about it a ton. But if you are talking about it over a period of time, more than $100 million, actually probably more like $150 million, if you include what we got out of in optics that we exited. And we exited businesses where we didn't have an advantage, a distinct advantage. And so it's a relatively boring answer. It's a lot of very scrappy, in the dirt work. And in our business, things move relatively slowly. And I think, what you are seeing now is you are seeing that hard work pay itself off.
Scott Graham: Okay. That was comprehensive. Thank you. Would it be possible for me to ask you sort of if you gave us a dispensing example, can you give us an example, maybe in pumps?
Andy Silvernail: Oh, sure. Let's us Viking, it's a great example. The Viking business has always been a flagship business for us. And what I would say is, we had a distinctive culture where we said yes to everything. So you had unbelievable modifications that we were doing that in that plant. We had lead times that were ridiculous. We really relied on the Viking brand. Our volumes were modestly growing at best for five, six, seven years and that exact playbook that I walked you through a moment ago, in the last three years of Viking, we have done the exact same thing. And even if you take away the incredible strength in the markets that they are in, Viking is doubling their market growth rates right now. The LACT business has been outstanding. We ventured multiple segments of that market with technologies that have a really distinctive advantage versus the competition. Our overall lead times, we have cut them in half in three years. And so our ability to be incredibly aggressive in the marketplace on service is unique. And when you are in an environment like this, lead times really matter. And so we have been able to do those sorts of things at Viking. So you could go across the business. I can give you examples of that in HST. I can give you examples of that at Gast. You can do a business by business and that's the key, right. There is IDEX magic here, right. Except to say, we have done this across our portfolio of 40 businesses and we have made a really tough capital and people allocation decisions around where we have distinctive advantage.
Scott Graham: Got it. Thanks a lot. Great quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you Scott.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning and I will say, congratulations on the organic growth too, especially the consistency.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you Walt.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask just a clarification on a data point. When you are talking about market share versus market growth, I thought I heard you say that you attribute half the growth to market share, the other half to the market. Is that right?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. And I would use, market share is not exactly the right term, because in some places we are literally entering businesses that we haven't been in. So you could you could call it share, but it's half market growth and it's half new business that we are winning distinctively.
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right. Got it. And realizing that a lot of your business is quick turn and there is low visibility,, there is some project work and I wondered if you could talk a little bit about what you are seeing projects? Is there a funnel that's building? Maybe pricing? And then specifically, I think you called out the LPG truck build. Where are we in that cycle? Is this something that, why and how long does that go?
Andy Silvernail: Well, let me make sure I got this. So you have a question on project work generally, pricing and then LPG. So let me make sure I get all three of those.
Walter Liptak: Yes. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: On project work, yes, it's picked up. As you know, we don't tend to have a lot of really large projects. They tend to be in the $200,000 to $5 million range generally. And if you went back 18 or 24 months, what you would have heard is say is that we were really living on book and turn business. And we start to see project work come back 18 months, 24 months ago and that has continued to improve. So that has absolutely been the big change here. If you look over the last couple of years, where project work has come back, we have certainly seen that. In terms of pricing, Walt, I am not exactly sure what your angle was on pricing. Can you clarify that for me? What was the question?
Walter Liptak: Just sometimes the longer project work goes out to bid, there is some multiple rounds of bidding to try and get the price down?
Andy Silvernail: Okay. That certainly is the case. We tend to be a really small part of these projects. And so we don't tend to see a lot of price pressure in there. That's not something that would be particularly mentionable here. So I would say, no, it's not been a particularly big deal. And the overall pricing environment for anything right now is much more favorable than it has been in a long time. And then finally on LPG, yes, the truck builds have improved. Where are we in the cycle? I think we are actually still early to mid stage in that. That really just picked up this year, if you look at it. Now truck builds overall, as you know are astronomical. I think the U.S. is at 430,000 Class VIII trucks, if I remember right. It's a big number. And obviously, we are not as tied to that, but overall that industry is seeing major expansion. But I would say, we are still early to mid on the LPG truck build.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Walt.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Andy Silvernail: Well, first, just thank you for following IDEX and the work that you do here with us. Most importantly, I really want to thank our teams. The operating teams in the business, led by Eric Ashleman, have just been outstanding. The results that we get is due to them. And I am very, very appreciative of what they bring to the table each and every day. So again, I appreciate your time and look forward to talking to you here in 90 days. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-30 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Silvernail - Chairman and CEO Bill Grogan - CFO Michael Yates - VP and CAO
Analysts: Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Nathan Jones - Stifel Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets Matt Summerville - D.A. Davidson Steven Winoker - UBS Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer Patrick Wu - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Brett Linzey - Vertical Research Partners Joe Giordano - Cowen and Company Brett Kearney - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Yates, you may begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX first quarter financial highlights. This morning, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three months period ending March 31, 2018, and later today we will file our 10-Q for the same period. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast, can be accessed on our company’s Web site at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We’ll begin with Andy providing an overview and update on market conditions, geographies and capital deployment strategies. He will then discuss our first quarter financial results and walk through the operating performance within each of our segments. And then we’ll finally wrap up with the outlook for the second quarter and the full year of 2018. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13675419, or you may simply log on to our company’s homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder that this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. I appreciate you joining us for our 2018 first quarter results. Let me start here with a brief overview. On the back of a record year, we continue to see broad-based strength in nearly every end market and continued economic improvements across the globe. I’ll elaborate more on market conditions and geographies in a minute. Favorable markets, share gains and our execution drove another record quarter. We once again delivered all-time highs in orders, sales, operating income and EPS and most of the challenges experienced in HST in the back half of 2017 have subsided. We delivered organic revenue and order growth across all three segments in the first quarter. As a company, we achieved 11% reported and 7% organic order and revenue growth. Adjusted op margin was 22.6%, up 80 basis points and adjusted EPS of $1.29 was up $0.26 or 25%. Our efforts around segmentation continue to pay dividends and when combined with our targeted growth initiatives, we see a culture across the company that is even more customer and growth focused. Our balance sheet remains very healthy. Our gross debt leverage is 1.4x and our net debt is 0.7x. If you combine our strong balance sheet, capacity of our revolver plus free cash flow and cash balances across the globe, we have the ability to deploy over $1 billion in the next 12 months should the right opportunity present itself. Now, I’d like to take a moment and talk about what we’re seeing across our markets and across the regions we do business in. Our industrial markets are robust. Day rates of our book and bill business continue to improve and we saw more project activity in the quarter signaling a pickup in CapEx spending. If you turn to our Scientific Fluidics & Optics business, demand continues to be strong for IVD/BIO and DNA sequencing markets and show early indicators of continued growth throughout the year. NIH funding in the latest federal budget was up 8.3% alleviated initial concerns of a cutback. If you look at energy, midstream oil and gas markets continue to show signs of rebound and upstream energy continues to do very well. Semicon market continues to outperform with high global demand. The first quarter we finished 15% up year-over-year. In agriculture, you may recall that we ended the previous year with a very robust preseason orders. We saw some moderate slowing in the first quarter mainly due to long winter conditions but we still managed to finish up double digit in organic revenue growth. The municipal market in the U.S. has remained very solid and we continue to see opportunities with new product development in water and investment in emerging markets within fire and rescue to capitalize on demand. Now, let’s move on to the geographic outlook. In short, the global economic outlook remains promising. The North American region continues to be positive for the vast majority of our categories. The European market is also robust with a stable political environment and all economic indices favorable for the first time in several years. Asia had accelerated with specific strength in China and in India. In summary, the growth we experienced in 2017 continued in the first quarter of 2018. And while talking about the global economy, let me talk for a second about the tariff question. Tariffs and the estimated impact have been on the top of many people’s minds here including mine. Clearly, we have to wait and see where all this settles but at this point based on the enacted Section of the 232 tariffs on March 23rd, our best estimate is that there’ll be somewhere around $2 million to $3 million of impact for the remainder of this year. This estimate excludes the Section 301 tariffs that have not been enacted. We’re looking at all of our options including pricing and alternative sourcing strategies. We’ll be very thoughtful about how we address these issues and we’ll consider the impact on both of our customers and our shareholders going forward. I also want to comment on inflation. Our team did an excellent job in the quarter driving productivity to offset inflation. However, inflation remains a concern and we will continue to work on productivity and pricing to stay ahead of it. All right, let me turn now to capital deployment. Let me take a minute to recap our commitment to our capital deployment strategy. First, our M&A pipeline continues to be robust and as I’ve mentioned previously our balance sheet positions us favorably to capitalize on the right opportunities. However, as we’ve talked about many times in the past we’ll be very disciplined in terms of capital deployment with a focus on delivering the best possible returns to our shareholders. In the meantime, we’ll work diligently on integrating our latest acquisition thinXXS into the IDEX portfolio. In terms of organic growth, the team remains dedicated to our targeted organic growth and new product development initiatives. We saw the evidence of this in the quarter where we saw strength across all three segments. This makes five quarters in a row that we saw organic revenue growth and seven quarters in a row that we saw organic order growth. Although we did not repurchase any shares in the first quarter of 2018, we remain committed to opportunistically repurchasing shares and we expect to be back in the market in the second quarter. Finally, on dividends, on April 25th, our Board approved a $0.06 increase in our quarterly dividend or a 16% overall increase from $0.37 to $0.43. This puts us at the high end of our payout ratio of 30% to 35%. All right, let’s turn now to the first quarter results. I’m on Slide 4. Q1 orders of 632 million were up 11% overall and 7% organically. This was driven by strong organic order growth across all three segments; FMT was up 7, HST was up 8 and FSD was up 5. The strength in orders gives us confidence that the remainder of 2018 as some of the orders that we saw in Q1 won’t convert to sales until the second half of the year. We’ve had excellent success driving above market growth through segmentation and target growth initiatives and we expect this to continue. Revenue of 612 million was up 11% overall and 7% organically, driven by positive organic growth across all three segments. FMT was up 5, HST up 6 and FSD up 9. Importantly, we’ve built $20 million of backlog during the quarter. The team continues to do an excellent job executing. Our flow through was 30% on sales in the quarter, excluding the impact of restructuring from both periods. And if you look at flow through, excluding impact of foreign currency, it was up even a more robust 38%. Gross margin was 45.2%, down 10 basis points from prior year mainly due to continued investments in engineering. Gross margin was up 70 basis points sequentially as the operational challenges within HST have subsided. Op margin adjusted for approximately 1.6 million of restructuring charges was up 22.6%, up 80 basis points year-over-year. The majority of the 1.6 million in restructuring was in HST and associated with our Optics Center of Excellence in Rochester, New York. Consolidated operating margin was also impacted by corporate costs being $3 million higher than the midpoint of our prior guidance. The increase in corporate costs is driven primarily by higher stock compensation, pension expense and outside consultants related to M&A and income taxes. Adjusted operating income of 138.3 million adjusted again for that 1.6 million of restructuring was up 15% compared to prior year. Q1 net income was $99 million resulting in EPS of $1.27. Excluding the impact of restructuring, adjusted EPS was $1.29 and increased $0.26 or 25% over last year. The $1.29 of adjusted EPS does include about $0.02 of pressure from a higher tax rate of 24% that compared to our ETR guidance of 22.5 and $0.04 of other income due to one-time FX transaction gains due to tax reform. We turn to free cash flow. That was one disappointment in the quarter. It was 62 million and converted at 62% of adjusted net income and was down 18% compared to prior year, primarily due to higher operating working capital. Sales in the month of March are $25 million higher than both December 2017 and February 2018 which drove the majority of the increase in receivables. Inventory also grew as we source additional raw materials to ensure we can meet customers’ demands. All right, let me turn now to the segment discussion if you’ll turn to Slide 5, I’m going to start with Fluid & Metering. FMT continued to remain strong with both order and revenue growth. Q1 orders were up 9% overall, 7% organically. Sales were up 7% overall, 5% organically. Op margin adjusted for restructuring was 28.5%, up 110 basis points over last year. If you look at ag, it remains strong with double digit revenue increases year-over-year. On the industrial side, pumps had a very impressive quarter with double-digit increases in both orders and sales year-over-year. The increased oil prices have driven more business in the global oil and gas market as well as our LACT business. And importantly, our U.S. distribution market is solid and day rates for our book and ship continue to improve. In our industrial valves business, the highlight for the quarter was really in China where we saw a robust market. In water, it remains well positioned to grow via new products. And in energy, also a great new product story. We’re seeing aviation show signs of recovery and the cold winter drove strong truck builds for the segment. Let’s move on to Health & Science. I’m on Slide 6. I was very pleased with the Health & Science first quarter. Q1 orders were up 14% overall, 8% organically. Revenues were up 11% overall, 6% organically. Excluding the impact of the restructuring expense, adjusted op margin was 23.9%, an increase of 120 basis points over the first quarter of last year mostly due to higher volume and productivity initiatives and it was 160 basis points sequentially as operational challenges that we discussed last year have subsided. The 23.9% operating margin is much closer to where I expect the segment to be performing overall and I’m very pleased with how the team executed in the quarter. If we look at the Life Science & Optics business, again, IVD/BIO end markets remained strong. We saw some earlier than expected FDA approvals for our customers who drove favorability in the first quarter. And as I said, the integration of thinXXS is going quite well, very happy to have them on board. If you look at Sealing Solutions, the semiconductor market continues to be very strong globally as well as its transportation market. The Sealing Solutions group led the entire segment in terms of growth. MPT had a strong quarter with an improving funnel of opportunities and projects. And then finally in HST industrial, we saw nice growth across multiple markets and importantly we’re seeing the distribution business within HST perform very well. I’m on our last segment, Diversified, Slide 7. Orders were up 11% overall, 5% organically in the first quarter. Revenues were up 16% overall and up 9% organically. Excluding restructuring expenses, adjusted op margin was 24.9% which increased 110 basis points in the first quarter. In dispensing, the North American and the European markets remained strong with new products performing very well. Project activity in emerging markets is also positive. Looking at Fire & Safety, we saw rescue which is very positive across the globe and we’ve seen project activity pick up in India, China and the Middle East. In the Fire business, we’ve seen strength in OEM and the muni business which has remained pretty steady. And margin improvements for Akron Brass and AWG continue to be ahead of expectations. Finally on Band-IT, we had double-digit organic order and revenue growth in the quarter. We saw our share gains across global regions through new products and new program wins. And then finally, we are cautiously watching the impact of tariffs on Band-IT. Most of its supply chain is domestic but an increase in demand for U.S. produced alloys could have an impact. Let me now conclude with some additional details regarding our 2018 guidance for the second quarter and for the full year. I’m on Slide 8. In Q2, we’re estimating EPS to be $1.30 to $1.32 with organic revenue growth in the range of 5% to 6% and operating margin around 22.5%. The Q2 effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 22.5% with an estimated 3% top line tailwind from FX based on the March 31st rates. Corporate costs for Q2 are expected to be about $20 million. If you turn to the full year 2018, we’ve increased our full year guidance to $5.05 to $5.20. That’s the new range. Full year organic revenue growth is expected to be in the range of 5% to 6% which is an increase from our previous guidance. Full year operating margin is expected to be in the range of 22.5% to 23%. We also expect to see about a 3% overall tailwind from FX based on the March 31st rates. The full year effective tax rate is expected to be 23%. But as the IRS continues to interpret tax reform, we could see some more variability in taxes throughout 2018. CapEx is anticipated to be around $50 million and free cash flow will remain strong at about 110% of net income. Finally, corporate costs are expected to be in the range of $73 million to $77 million for the year. This is a $3 million higher number compared to the guidance we’d given before, all of it which occurred in the first quarter. Finally, our earnings guidance excludes any impact from associated costs or impact from acquisitions or restructuring in the quarter. With that, let me pause here. And operator, let me turn it over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: So obviously really strong orders this quarter. Certainly there’s been a lot of conversations as to whether '18 is peak and I know it’s probably too soon to say that. But is there anything that you see in any of the businesses that gives you time to pause for concern here, any thoughts on that?
Andy Silvernail: Allison, no. I think we saw strength throughout the quarter. We actually saw things pick up as the quarter went on which is not atypical of us. But there’s nothing to indicate that things are slowing at this point.
Allison Poliniak: That’s great. And then Band-IT just going back to your comments on the alloys, are you in a position now from a pricing perspective that you feel that you’d be able to pass that through at this point, or is that a risk out there right now?
Andy Silvernail: Generally, I think we’re pretty well positioned. We were pretty aggressive as we thought about coming into this year. If you remember, Allison, we talked a lot about inflation last year and a lot of our internal conversations have been about productivity and price and making sure we didn’t get behind the curve. And I don’t think we will in 2018. When I look at what we’re seeing now, we’re seeing behaviors that are showing things like extended lead times, people trying to jump to the front of the line, stuff like that. We’re not seeing major changes in prices. What I would say, Allison, is that if what we’re seeing today holds up, I believe you’re going to start to see rising inflation here in the back half of the year and I think 2019 becomes significant if the economic conditions continue. And obviously we’ve got our finger on this. It’s absolutely probably – it’s the biggest thing besides overall global growth rates that I think about in terms of what could hurt the overall story. And so as we think about productivity and when we think about pricing, we’re committed to being ahead of the curve.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Halloran: So first one just on guidance, Andy, could you just talk a little bit about what’s assumed in the revenue guidance from here? Is this pretty normal sequential from current levels, any kind of change in the direct trajectory assumes in guidance on the revenue side?
Andy Silvernail: No, not really. If you look at it, what it assumes is that sequentially we basically kind of hold in here that we don’t see acceleration necessarily from this point. And then the numbers just kind of fall in line based on comps, right. So we’re not expecting things to get weaker from here. Last year had an abnormal pattern if you look at last year, because things were accelerating into the second half of the year. What we’re expecting is that a more normal historical pattern and that business holds in terms of the overall book and bill rates, project activity. We don’t see acceleration or deceleration.
Mike Halloran: Makes sense. And then on the capital deployment side, a couple of quarters in a row now with elevated corporate expense related to some of the consulting costs for M&A actions. You’re talking about a robust pipeline. Maybe talk a little about the actionability of the pipeline at this point? Are there more opportunities rising that you feel you can work on? We’ve seen public market multiples start coming in. Is that happening on the private side at all? Any color there would be great.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so let me start there, Mike. So in terms of the private market multiples coming in, no, as a matter of fact I’d say in the last two quarters. We’ve seen behaviors that are what I would call unusual, meaning a lot of preemption, a lot of preempted bids. We’ve had some folks who are out in the marketplace tell us that they’re seeing 40% to 50% of deals being preempted at this stage at elevated prices. So we’re being pretty careful around that. Now I do expect if you see multiples continue to compress a little bit in the public markets, that obviously will show itself in the private markets, no doubt about that. In terms of the other thing, in terms of actionability, we’ve got some things that we’re working on now that certainly fit into that category of actionable. And so it’s a matter of whether or not we can cross the line. But which we’re mostly seeing now are options. We’re not seeing a lot of stuff that’s private right now. So you know how that works out. We’re going to work within our parameters that makes sense for us and for our shareholders and if we can get them across the line, but there are a few things that we’re looking at and working on that I would definitely call actionable.
Mike Halloran: Great. Thanks, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Andy, want to go back to your macro thoughts here a moment if we could. And just how would you describe the conversations with customers today? We were all wondering at the beginning of the year how much tax reform might change some of the buying behavior and willingness to spend. How much you’re seeing is geosynchronous benefit versus IDEX-specific growth initiatives, like new product introductions? So kind of navigate us through the macro and then IDEX-specific.
Andy Silvernail: Sure. So on the macro side, in terms of growth across the globe, this is as good as it’s been in my time as CEO, right. So in the seven years that I’ve been doing the job, it’s as strong as it’s been. So that’s obviously positive. In terms of what’s making that up, it’s a good mix between the very short cycle book and turn business and improving CapEx. We’re still – we don’t really get involved in mega projects for the most part. But you are seeing the increase in things that are kind of a couple hundred thousand to say 5 million, you’re seeing an improvement across the globe in those areas. And I think tax reform has played a role in that. Obviously cash flows meaningfully change for U.S.-based companies or those who pay taxes in the U.S. And so that’s certainly a positive thing in that regard. In terms of IDEX, we track a handful or a couple handfuls or programs that we view as being differentiated growth for us. And as we track those, we still think where about half the benefits that we’re seeing today come from the underlying markets, the strength in the underlying markets and about half we’re getting ourselves. And so that’s a good sign for us. And as you know, our goal has – we’ve always said we want to be north of 200 basis points above underlying industrial production and the last numbers I’ve seen suggest that we are very much doing that. And we’re a lot less cyclical in a lot of the folks that you guys kind of compare us to and both on the up and the down. So when I look at the 7% organic numbers given kind of 2.6%, 2.7% industrial production, that feels like a pretty good number.
Deane Dray: That’s really good color. And when you say this is as good as it gets or as good as you’ve seen.
Andy Silvernail: As good as it’s been, yes.
Deane Dray: Yes, good as it’s been, you’re not saying that this is the high watermark. That was a phrase that spook the market last week.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, there’s nothing that suggest that. And you know me. On the scale of people, I tend to be a little bit more skeptical. And right now we are – when I combine what’s happening across the globe and what’s happening with IDEX specifically, the thing again that I worry about most is inflation getting overheated and then the global economy having to deal with that both in terms of just ability to supply and then what interest rates have to do on that back end. So when I think and obviously I can’t control any of those expect to deal with what IDEX can deal with. But borrowing some kind of crazy geopolitical event that is the thing that I think we all should keep our eye on that would stop this growth.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just on company or business specific, can you address the water market, the municipal spending? And you commented in the slides talking about new product introductions. What was the contribution there?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, if you’re talking water specifically, the markets continue to be pretty good but let me break that into two pieces. So if you look at our ongoing services business and you look at our equipment businesses that we have that are tied to new product development, those are a good story. But the current U.S. administration has effectively stopped any kind of penalties that are coming in for as an example surge overflows. And so the amount how regulation is being interpreted and enforced is a net negative for that business. There’s no doubt about it. And so the overall muni spending market is good because tax receipts are good. I would say the federal government in terms of enforcement is a negative. So I think it’s just going to be kind of a steady single digit, call it low to mid-single digit here for the balance of the year.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Andy, I think over the last couple of years, you’d talked about if we got organic growth up into this kind of level, you thought IDEX could do 40, perhaps even a little bit better in terms of incremental margins. I don’t think probably when you were talking about that, you anticipated this kind of inflationary pressure that would come along with it. Can you talk about what, if at all, your expectations for incremental margins or how they’ve changed in the face of this inflation?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, if you recall, you go back and look at some of those comments, I think what I said was in the short term you could see that. So if you saw growth accelerate that you would see a pop just because the spending wouldn’t keep up, right? So if you adjust for the FX impact, we were about 38 which is obviously not very far off from that number. I don’t think you’re going to see – let’s neutralize for FX for a second. I don’t think you’re going to see high 30s incremental and the reason I say that is just the amount of investment that we’re making specifically around engineering. And so we’ve been pretty aggressive in terms of our engineering spend and pretty aggressive in terms of our CapEx. And so I think if we’re in that 30% to 35% range on a consistent basis, I’m really happy Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I know you have always been of the opinion that it’s easier to ramp up than it is to ramp down. Where is IDEX in terms of capacity to deal with this kind of demand in terms of maybe engineering or in terms of labor or even in terms of bricks and mortar if there’s any need for additional square footage or anything like that in the next 12 to 24 months?
Andy Silvernail: The square footage and I’ll call it the machining capacity, those – and we have pockets here and there that we’re making investments in but they’re not big capital requirements around those things to allow us to meet demand. So if you think of just kind of square footage and machine capacity, we’re in pretty good shape. The two issues that we face and everyone faces in the Western world certainly is around supply chain, so material availability and skill of labor. Those are the two areas that has the biggest constraints in the Western world. Obviously, the issue today around supply chain – what you’re seeing is you’re just seeing longer lead times and I think what we need to watch out for and what you guys need to watch out for is what happens in this environment as you start getting people with behaviors around things like double bookings where people start to order much more than they need which causes kind of a ramp – it ramps that cycle very, very aggressively. And then obviously the back side of that is ugly. And so I think all of us need to really have our finger on the pulse of is that happening. And you see it when you see spikiness in very specific markets. And so that’s what we’re looking out for. In terms of the skilled labor, look, there’s nothing you can do in the short term about bringing on more skilled labor. That is a finite resource. The investments that are going into trade schools, the investments that are going to training programs will help ramp that at a minimal pace. What we have done is we’re investing in more capable machining and what I’ll call semi-automation. We’re almost nowhere except for a few places are we heavily automated and we won’t be because of the nature of the mix. But that’s something we certainly are spending more time on. And by the way that’s out of necessity and we would love to be able to hire more capable skilled labor, but that’s a real bottleneck for us and for everybody.
Nathan Jones: That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Good morning, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Scott.
Scott Graham: How you guys doing?
Andy Silvernail: Good.
Scott Graham: My question is really kind of 1 and 1a around price cost. What was your pricing in the quarter and what do you expect it to be for the year?
Andy Silvernail: So we were between 0.5 point to a point for the quarter which was – we expect that to ramp actually as the year goes on. I think we’ll end the year very close to a point. That would be my guess, assuming that we don’t have to go out with more aggressive actions depending upon where inflation is. And as you know, Scott, very well that that’s targeted in areas where we have that capability and generally we have pretty good pricing flexibility. So I expect that we’ll be fine there. And so our goal has always been how do you neutralize inflation with productivity and let price flow through. When you get that, that is kind of the magic equation. We don’t always get it but that’s a great equation and that’s what we’re continuing to try to get this year.
Scott Graham: Yes, understood.
Bill Grogan: Scott, this is Bill. The only thing I’d add is relative to the spread, we’ve been able to maintain that spread. So as Andy said, we expect our price to ramp up as the balance of the year. We do expect inflation to increase. So our goal is to maintain that spread through the rest of 2018.
Scott Graham: Okay. So on the pricing getting up to 1, are those from price increases that are in or still to come?
Andy Silvernail: In.
Scott Graham: Okay. And now if you were to maybe separate out productivity, do you think you were price cost neutral or was that a little negative for you this quarter?
Andy Silvernail: No, it’s positive.
Bill Grogan: No, it was a positive spread.
Scott Graham: That’s all I had. Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: All right. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Matt.
Matt Summerville: A question on HST. A pretty nice breakout to the upside and operating profit margins. Can you talk a little bit more about what’s driving that? You mentioned that you feel it’s sustainable and I guess I want to look back a year or two to kind of what transpired in FMT and I’m wondering if there’s a similar playbook, if you will, at hand here pertaining to HST?
Andy Silvernail: So you got a handful of things that have happened in HST over the last few years that if you kind of follow the pattern going forward or follow that pattern here in the last few years. The first one is that the optics business we’ve seen very, very significant improvement in profitability and growth rates in that business. And so that’s been a big win for us. Second, as you know, we made a pretty substantial investment in our Sealing business in the U.S. and that was a drag for a couple of years as that got up to scale and – I don’t know, Bill, that’s going to be a big business here this year, isn’t it?
Bill Grogan: For basically 0 to 25 million.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. And so that goes from kind of a negative to in line with the company fleet average in terms of margin over that period of time. And then you just get the benefits of volumes. HST, if you look at it across the segment has the same sort of variable margin component that you have throughout the company. And then finally as you know in the back half of last year and really kind of three quarters of last year, we kind of laid an egg there operationally. And we had several million dollars that we left on the table that’s – I’m not going to say it’s completely cleaned up now but it’s not material. It’s out of the way. And so that 23.9 is a good number. I feel good about that being sustainable assuming that the volumes hold up.
Matt Summerville: That’s all I had. Thanks, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Winoker from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Winoker: Thanks. Good morning, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Steve.
Steven Winoker: Look, you’re obviously firing on all cylinders this quarter and you did mention the cash flow point. But could you go into a little more detail there around is it mostly just receivables and inventory on the demand front? And if so – you guys run pretty lean. Maybe talk about the initiatives there?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so it’s all receivables and inventory if you scrub through the balance sheet, you’ll see how that plays out. So as I mentioned in the call or in my prepared remarks, March was $25 million more than December and more than February. And so that receivables bullet [ph] that showed up here in March is just kind of nothing you can do about that. That’s just reality. And on the inventory side, the most of that is about making sure that we’re in a position to serve our customers. We did see a bit of a jump from year end that would not – you’d prefer not to have seen but it did happen. And so when you put it altogether, that’s the vast majority of the cash issue. I don’t see it as being a problem as we go through the year.
Steven Winoker: So you’re able to hit your cash numbers for the full year. You expect this to catch up in 2Q?
Andy Silvernail: I think it will be a little tighter.
Bill Grogan: Our guidance, we did take it down slightly as I think the receivables I think will launch through the balance sheet but inventories, we’ve stepped up again to put a little bit more safety stock within our supply chain to make sure we are able to meet customer requirements. I think inventory will bleed a little bit as we go through the year but there’s inherent build that will remain at this current volume level.
Andy Silvernail: But we’ll be at that 110% plus of net income.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And then just a longer term perspective, Andy, we’ve talked about the IDEX business model for years. Without getting too carried away, is what you’re seeing changing in any way the underlying growth profile for the company, the kind of drivers on the RD&E side, kind of how you see the complexity of the company, any of those things shifting as you’re going through these exceptional quarters right now?
Andy Silvernail: Steve, I think what I would say is I’m becoming more confident of our ability to consistently deliver over markets. In the last year and a half we’ve been able to demonstrate that in a rising market. And actually if you go back in time even when things were soft in '14 or '15 and '16, if you go back and actually look at our growth rates versus the peer group, we were above. So we’re – I’m going to say we’re three years plus into delivering at that couple hundred basis points above our market growth. So my first I guess answer to you is my confidence level that we can more consistently do that is as high as it’s been which is a huge plus for us, because as you know there is nothing like organic growth in our business. If you go and look at our – one of the things to really look at here is our return on invested capital. And if you go back and do that math and how we measure, we’re up north of 15%. And barring any sort of M&A, we’ll end up this year close to 16%. And if you go five or six years, it was down at 11. And that’s what organic growth does for you right there. It’s a huge driver to return on invested capital. And as you know, it’s very defensible growth over time. So the segmentation we’ve done, the investments around those segments and really on targeted growth I think have paid off and we’re just going to continue to bet heavily on this model.
Steven Winoker: Okay, fantastic. Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Giannakouros from Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Giannakouros: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Jim.
Jim Giannakouros: Just a follow up on something that you gave us a heads up on a watch item, the accelerated restocking potential. Are you seeing that? Do you suspect that happening anywhere in any vertical or that’s just – you were just classifying that as a watch item going forward?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Jim, I don’t see it yet but if – obviously you got to back a really long time to see that. But this is where I go back and put on my investment analyst hat from 20-something-years ago, right, is in markets of acceleration and inflation, this is one of the behaviors that absolutely happens; the double ordering, the willingness to pay premiums to get in line. The biggest place that you’re seeing problems today are around freight and logistics. If you look at freight and logistics that to me is it’s very hard to get railcars, you’re seeing lead times extending out for availability. So you’re starting to see it there and of course the capacity is very much finite and easily measured. We all see the numbers. It’s in the places where it’s very hard to see around specialty components, specialty alloys, things like that where there aren’t good metrics out there in the world where I think people could get caught flatfooted. And so we haven’t seen it yet but we are really trying to watch intensely for it.
Jim Giannakouros: Got it, okay. Thank you. And I believe you said that the corporate costs step up is isolated to 1Q events. I suspect that the surprise may have been on M&A spend. You mentioned the consultants. Was that – if I’m right, is that a reflection of just you know what, kicking the tires and you accelerated some due diligence or deals that maybe fell through at the 11th hour?
Andy Silvernail: I’ll let Bill talk to it too, but that’s played a role in it but we did spend more in understanding this new tax code. It’s pretty clumsy as it is. As you know, they’ve rolled it out with zero guidance. And so we’ve had to expedite our understanding of that. And so I don’t think we got a bunch of more costs, Bill, coming there. But stock comp wasn’t small in the quarter. There were a number of items. Bill?
Bill Grogan: Yes, I would just say the stock was up 8% so that was the primary driver of the increased corporate costs. And then as we continue to look at spaces within M&A and then tax reform obviously was the last piece Andy talked about. But I think a majority of it was related to stock comp.
Jim Giannakouros: Okay. Thank you. And if I can sneak in one more, if I may. You guys obviously broad-based strength, we’ve heard that now for several quarters. If you can give us any update – you used to call out percentage of revenues or certain areas that are not performing to standards either via top line growth initiatives or vis-à-vis your margin expectations. Is that happening still or are we at a 100% or is the rising tide lifting all boats, so to speak? Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: You’ve got some pockets there. The one that kind of stands out a little bit is if you look at our water business, we expect it to have overall stronger equipment sales but again the lack of enforcement has really whacked that. Now the service business is doing really well and the team is just exceptional. And so we’re very happy with what they’re dealing with. But I think the reality is that that’s one interesting pocket on a couple of things.
Bill Grogan: I guess fundamentally there’s some timing and some price led issues like Andy mentioned, but as we go across the portfolio nothing sticks out.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, there’s nothing that’s kind of really ugly. One of the real highlights in the quarter was our performance in China. I didn’t really talk about that in the prepared remarks. But our China business was back to double-digit growth in the quarter and that has been soft here for a while as we had gone through and done our segmentation and our 8020 work in China that had been soft for a couple of years. And so it’s nice to see that bounce back.
Jim Giannakouros: Very helpful. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Brady from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Wu: Good morning, everyone. This is actually Patrick Wu standing in for Charlie. Thanks for taking my questions.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Patrick.
Patrick Wu: Hi. It’s nice to see dispensing within Diversified growing double digits in the quarter. Just going back to last quarter’s commentary I think there was some talk about North America being a little more flat and then that’s sort of coupled with some new products that were coming out at the end of the year. Can we just speak a little bit to dispending growth for this quarter? What’s that really from? Is it mostly the positive dynamics of the market? Is it something that IDEX was doing specifically organically? Any color on that would be helpful.
Bill Grogan: Patrick, I could take that one. I would say one thing if you recall last year dispensing’s pacing of orders and sales shifted from first half to second half. So it’s comping against an easier first half I think is one component. And then also the second thing is they did launch new products across the globe in each of their regions and those have been really successful at the start. So I think a combination of the new products introduction and then just timing of sales they way they’re going to fall this year versus last year also plays a part.
Andy Silvernail: And just to add, Patrick, I think if you look at our dispensing team, frankly they are the poster child for how we’re trying to run IDEX more broadly. The team there has had incredible consistency and continuity. Their work around segmentation driving complexity out, reallocating resources to the places where we really have an advantage and we can accelerate growth and turning that into innovation, as Bill just talked about, you’re looking at almost 100% refresh of their product line over the last two years. It’s really impressive. And we are far and away the market share leader around the globe and these folks have positioned themselves very well to maintain that market share position and even take more share over time.
Patrick Wu: Great. That’s great color. Just on gross margins, obviously you guys spoke about the preliminary tariffs impact of like I think 2 million to 3 million coupling that with the pricing that you guys talked about in an earlier question. And I just want to pair it with last quarter’s commentary regarding mid-45% in the medium term. Is that something that you guys are monitoring or something that you’re still comfortable with moving ahead over the next, let’s say, 12 to 18 months?
Bill Grogan: Yes, I think our margin profile in the first quarter is what you should expect for the balance of the year, barring any significant macro changes.
Patrick Wu: And that’s inclusive now with the preliminary tariffs that you guys have talked about.
Bill Grogan: Yes, correct. As we talked about earlier, we’re ramping price to offset any of that to maintain our spread.
Patrick Wu: Understood. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hi. Good morning, all.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Brett.
Brett Linzey: Andy, I just want to circle back to your comment on the CapEx pickup. You’ve had a pretty good – pretty close to that pulse for a few quarters now. Could you maybe put a finer point on is it particularly markets or product lines that are really coloring those comments? And then are you seeing a broadening out of that capital light-type activity since just a few quarters ago?
Andy Silvernail: Brett, it’s really around a handful of our targeted growth initiatives. So we’re seeing some meaningful parts if you look at the industrial base businesses where in our Viking business in particular which has had just an outstanding run here, we’re going to put some more capital into that business which has been really important. And then we’ve got, call it a couple dozen places that are pockets where we think can accelerate growth that we’re putting capital. So I won’t go through them one by one. But these are the kind of things that myself and Eric Ashleman and Bill are really spending our time hands on. Candidly, the biggest challenge that we have with CapEx is seeing lead times extend with equipment. So the lead time phenomenon that we’ve talked about relative to supply chain is the same with equipment. So frankly I would have loved to have spent more in the quarter than we did and it’s just constrained by our ability to get stuff.
Brett Linzey: That’s helpful. And I guess maybe more from a customer CapEx standpoint and more capital project work starting to break free a little bit. You made some comments in the prepared remarks. Just a little more color there?
Andy Silvernail: You’re definitely seeing it on the process industry side. And the process industry has now put that in oil and gas, chemicals, food, pharmaceutical. You’re seeing more and larger pieces being released. Again, it’s not huge for us but we’re talking a couple hundred thousand to a few million dollars that you’ll see in those. But if you go back 18 months, those are – we were just starting to see those things eke out and we’re now seeing them accelerate.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. And then maybe just one more. Yet another very strong quarter on FMT margins and incremental, how sustainable is this type of operating leverage as we look into the balance of this year but 2019? Is there mix, is there other things driving that and I guess how do you view the margin entitlement in that business?
Bill Grogan: So I think the profile within FMT in the first quarter should be pretty consistent as we march through the year. Again, if we’re growing at mid-single digits, we’re able to maintain or expand here in the balance of the year.
Andy Silvernail: And if you recall, if you went back what would be a couple of years or so ago, 18 months or so ago, one of the things I said in our calls is I don’t think people had realized that as the industry recession happened, right, we did something that was not particularly visible and that we held the margin profile of some of our really highly profitable businesses. And the performance that we generated was coming out of businesses that historically had not been as profitable as we fixed those. And what you’ve seen happen now over the last 18 months is as volume has improved, you’re seeing some of those higher profit contributor businesses accelerate. And so you’re seeing – that’s been a nice pick up and a nice change. And so I don’t feel it’s really going to be dictated on volume. So if volumes hold up, there’s no reason why the FMT margins wouldn’t hold up. But obviously we’ll be more sensitive to volumes than other parts of the business.
Brett Linzey: Got it, great. I appreciate it.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano from Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Giordano: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Andy, your view on inflation getting a little bit more concerned and watchful over into next year, how has that changed businesses that you’re looking at from an M&A standpoint? Are you thinking about those differently and how much you’d like to pay for those or what the timing on something like that that might be more exposed to your views there?
Andy Silvernail: We tend to not look at businesses that have huge amount of inflation – that have issues relative to inflation. So we’re not looking at heavily cyclical businesses or that have a lot of direct inputs from base materials. And so we’re looking at buying businesses that kind of look like us generally. And then if you look at how we value them, we value businesses looking over a very, very long period of time. And that’s why I have been I think probably more skeptical than some on prices being paid where the conversation kind of just avoids the reality that a bunch of people are buying things at single digit ROIs over time. They may be NPV positive over years but you’re looking at – people are literally buying things below the long-term cost of capital. And so I’ve just been much more skeptical. And look, one of the beauties of our type of business is because the cash flows are so defensible, the ability to model those and to get comfortable with a pretty reliable range of value, we feel really good about being able to do that. And so frankly unless you think inflation is going to change over the next 20 years, unless you look at something really, really differently, it doesn’t really change our point of view very much.
Joe Giordano: Cool. Okay. And last for me, you mentioned on HST in the quarter you had some customers get early approval from the FDA. Was that kind of a pull-forward from your earlier plan or does that change the cadence of how you’d expect to deliver revenue growth for the year?
Andy Silvernail: I don’t think it changes it much. Obviously, we’ve baked in a little bit of increasing guidance on revenue there. This is stuff that we’ve been talking about, gosh, for two years. It was just a matter of when those approvals would happen and they happened a little bit sooner than we thought.
Bill Grogan: We got the order first quarter shippable starting in the back half of the year continuing into 2019.
Andy Silvernail: A quarter or maybe two better than we thought?
Bill Grogan: Yes.
Andy Silvernail: So not material, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Andy Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Kearney with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Kearney: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Brett.
Brett Kearney: Just want to ask what the roughly 1 billion of available firepower, if you will, to deploy over the next 12 months just on the acquisition front what size or size range you guys will be comfortable undertaking there?
Andy Silvernail: For us anything that is 50 million to 500 million is – that’s kind of right down the alley for us. So we’d be super comfortable. There are some things that we look at and have looked at that are substantially bigger. And certainly we reserve the right to do that. But it’s going to fit out model straight down the center. It’s going to be the kind of businesses that we know and we love and we know how to run. And so there aren’t very many of those out there in the world but there are a few, but for the most part 50 million to 500 million in enterprise value is what you should expect from us.
Brett Kearney: Great. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to hand the call back to management for closing comments.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you all for taking the time and most importantly thanks to our customers and to the people within IDEX who continue to execute just exceptionally well. I’m very proud to be part of this team and I think we are running the business well and the people within IDEX really deserve that congratulations. So I appreciate your time being with us and look forward to talking to you here in 90 days. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-30 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates – Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Andy Silvernail – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bill Grogan – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Mike Halloran – Robert W. Baird Nathan Jones – Stifel Steven Winoker – UBS Scott Graham – BMO Capital Markets Jeffrey Reive – RBC Capital Markets Joe Giordano – Cowen and Company
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Yates, you may begin.
Michael Yates: Great. Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and CAO for IDEX Corporation, and I want to thank you all for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full year financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the quarter and year ending December 31, 2017. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast, can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our CFO. The format for our call is as follows. We’ll begin with Andy providing an overview and an update on market conditions, geographies and our capital deployment strategies. He will then discuss our 2017 financial results and walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the first quarter and full year 2018. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13675214. Or you may simply log on to our company home page for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn this call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Hey, good morning, everybody. I appreciate you joining us to talk about the 2017 full year and, obviously, our fourth quarter results. I’m going to start with a brief overview of 2017 and what we expect to see here in 2018. Look, 2017 was a record for IDEX. Market conditions around the globe continued to improve throughout the year, and our team is positioned very, very well to capitalize on the strength. We delivered organic revenue and order growth in all four quarters as well as all-time quarter and annual highs in orders, sales, operating margin, EPS and free cash flow. I’m extremely pleased with the team’s ability to execute our targeted growth initiatives, which really contributed to this record results for the year. The strength is broad-based across almost the entire portfolio, which I’ll elaborate on here in a minute. And our balance sheet is extremely strong. Our gross debt leverage ratio is 1.4 times, and our net debt leverage ratio is 0.8 times. If you combine our strong balance sheet with the $700 million of availability on our revolver plus our free cash flow in 2018, we’ll have the ability to deploy over $1 billion in the next 12 months. Of course, we remain very disciplined and ensure that we get our best returns for our shareholders not only in the short-term but, most importantly, in the long term. Speaking of which, I’d like to take the opportunity to welcome our newest acquisition, thinXXS, to the IDEX family. We’ll talk more about the acquisition in a bit, but we’re very happy to have this innovative team as part of our organization. Given the sustained strength in the back half of the year, we remain optimistic about our ability to continue to grow. We’re projecting 5% organic growth in 2018, with full year EPS in the range of $4.19 to $5.10 a share. Using the midpoint of our 2018 EPS guidance, $5, EPS is up $0.69 or 16% compared with 2017 adjusted EPS of $4.31. About 60% of the increase is due to targeted growth and operational initiatives, with the remaining 40% coming from the expected 2018 effective tax rate that will be in the range of 22% to 23%. Now I’d like to take a moment to talk about what we’ve seen across the markets we serve and the regions we do business in. The industrial markets have really showed continued worldwide momentum throughout the year and provided a nice finish here in 2017. More project opportunities are providing indications of continued strength in 2018, and I see this really as a release of more CapEx into the marketplace. The IVD/BIO, analytical instrumentation and DNA sequencing markets were great all last year, and we expect strength to continue. We continue to leverage our differentiated position as a market leader in Fluidics and in Optics, specifically within Life Sciences. The ag market, really, has been strong throughout 2017, and we expect it to continue into 2018 based on the good pre-order season we saw in the fourth quarter. The upstream energy market has been strong all year. As a reminder, our exposure in this market is minimal, but the strength in the upstream market does provide a lift across general industrial markets, and we’re definitely seeing that in our pump businesses in FMT. The midstream energy market is stable, and we’re optimistic as this market has continued to show signs of improvement on the back of a cold winter. Municipal end markets in both fire and water continued to see positive demand throughout the year, and we will continue with new product development in water and investments in emerging markets within fire to capitalize on this demand. We experienced strength across all of our regions in 2017. The North American region continues to be strong and is the leading in the recovery for us. The European market gained strength throughout the year, and we expect market growth to continue. And increased government funding and initiatives in Asia are driving strength across many markets, including environmental and water treatment, transportation, pharma and fire and rescue. I want to take a minute here and recap our commitment to our capital deployment strategy. I think what’s most important to note is we have set a capital deployment framework, which we believe very strongly in. And even with the changes in the tax rates in the U.S., we don’t expect to have to change how we think about deploying capital, but rather to continue to be aggressive within that framework. As I mentioned earlier, in December, we acquired thinXXS, a leader in the design, manufacture and sale of microfluidic components in the life science markets. We anticipate that the synergies between thinXXS and our existing microfluidics technologies in our Scientific Fluidics & Optics businesses will position us well in the next generation of microfluidics technologies as they’re deployed. Once again, we welcome thinXXS to our team. We also took the opportunity to divest our Faure Herman business within the Energy group. The divestiture is consistent with our segmentation strategy. We sold Faure Herman for $21.8 million, which resulted in a $9.3 million gain. We will continue to invest in the best organic growth opportunities, and I’m extremely pleased with both the fourth quarter and full year organic growth rates in orders and sales across the company. This is the result of our team’s dedication to our targeted growth initiatives and our segmentation strategy, and organic growth remains our top priority within the company. We remain committed to opportunistically repurchasing shares, and that will not change in 2018. In 2017, we repurchased 266,000 shares for $29 million or an average purchase price of $109 a share. We increased our dividend 9% in 2017. And in 2018, subject to board approval, we intend to increase our dividend 15% to 18%, which will allow us to hit the high end of our goal to distribute 30% to 35% of earnings to our shareholders. Okay. Before I get into the IDEX financial results for the fourth quarter and full year, I’d like to provide a few comments regarding the impact to IDEX of Tax Reform in the United States. Tax Reform will no doubt bolster our already strong financial profile by providing additional earnings, cash flow and capital availability. We intend to put this additional capital to work consistent with our balanced capital deployment strategy, as I just outlined. All in, the net impact from Tax Reform in 2017 were basically awash. However, we did have various puts and takes related to this. The remeasurement of our U.S. deferred taxes at the lower enacted corporate tax rate of 21% provided us with a $40.6 million tax benefit. However, this benefit was almost entirely offset by a $30.2 million of repatriation tax expense as well as $10.3 million of additional tax expense tied to tax planning strategies that we implemented in the fourth quarter and were tied to the enactment of the Tax Act. This additional charge of $10.3 million will provide us flexibility and access to our cash across the globe. All right. Let’s switch gears here. Let’s talk about the 2017 financial results. I’m on Slide 5. As noted on this slide, the GAAP results were adjusted for restructuring in both 2017 and 2016 as well as the gain on sale of business in 2017 and net loss on sale of businesses in 2016. And as I mentioned a moment ago, the Tax Reform is essentially awash, and we did not adjust for the results for any impact from it. I’ll start with full year results. Order growth for the year was 9%, with organic orders up 7%. FSD finished the year with double-digit organic growth in both the third and the fourth quarters. FMT and HST delivered robust organic order growth consistent throughout the entire year. For the full year, we had $2.3 billion of revenue, which was up 8% compared to prior year, up 6% organically. All three segments contributed to organic revenue growth for the year. FMT was up 6%, HST was up 8%, and FSD was up 4%. Gross margin was 44.9% for the year, which was up 90 basis points. Adjusting for the prior year inventory step-up charges, gross margin was up 20 basis points. Op margin, adjusted for the gain on divestiture and restructuring expense, was 21.9% for the year, up 120 basis points compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to higher volume and productivity initiatives as well as the dilutive impact of the inventory step-up charge in the prior year. Excluding the impact from prior inventory step-up charges, adjusted operating margin was up 50 basis points for the year. Full year EPS was $4.36, while adjusted EPS was $4.31. That was up $0.56 or 15% compared to the adjusted prior year EPS. Our full year effective tax rate was 25.9%, and that included the impact from the gain on the divestiture and restructuring expenses. Our adjusted full year effective tax rate excluding the impact of these items was 26.6%. Free cash flow of $389 million was a record for IDEX and converted into 170% of net income compared to prior year. For the fourth quarter results, they’re really strong here. Orders were very strong across all three segments in the fourth quarter, resulting in overall growth for the company at 10% and organic growth of 9%. Revenue was $586 million, which was up 10% overall and 9% organically. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 22.1%, up 150 basis points year-over-year due in part to the pressure from the fair value inventory step-up in the prior year. Excluding this charge, adjusted operating margin was up 60 basis points for the year-over-year. Fourth quarter EPS was $1.21, while adjusted EPS was $1.12, which is a $0.16 or 17%increase over the prior year. Our Q4 effective tax rate of 24.2% includes the impact from the gain on the divestitures and restructuring expense. Our adjusted Q4 effective tax rate excluding the impact of these items was 26.4%. Free cash flow in the quarter was outstanding, $120 million, which is a 14% increase year-over-year and 139% of Q4 adjusted net income. Okay. I’d like to start with the segment discussion now. I’m on Slide 6, and we’ll start with Fluid & Metering. FMT had a very solid 2017 on both the top and the bottom line. Organic orders were up 9% in the fourth quarter, 7% for the full year. Organic sales were up 7% in the fourth quarter and 6% for the full year. Adjusted op margin was 28.4%, which is up 100 basis points, while full year adjusted op margin of 27.7% was up 200 basis points from the prior year primarily due to higher volume and productivity initiatives. In water, we had a solid finish to the year, driven in part by strong distribution markets in the U.S. and UK. And we continue to focus on new product development across our water businesses and leverage that technology to gain share. On the industrial side, our pump business was very strong, with orders and sales benefiting from the improving economy and the upstream impact of oil and gas. The LACT pump, which really has been a big win for us here and principally in the upstream oil and gas market, continues to gain traction. We have a strong project funnel as we look at 2018. And finally, U.S. distribution channel also finished with day rates improving throughout the year. In terms of valves within the industrial group, we saw improvement in the U.S., Canada and Europe as well as in encouraging signs in the chemical markets. With energy, we continue to see market share gains in LPG mobile, increasing truck builds. As I mentioned earlier, the cold winter should help this business. In agriculture, as we’ve been seeing all year, the ag story has been great in 2017, and we expect this to continue in 2018 given what we saw with the nice pre-order market in the fourth quarter. Okay. I’m on Slide 7, and we’ll talk here on Health & Science. Q4 organic orders were up 7%, with full year organic orders up 8%. Organic sales were up 11% in Q4, up 8% organically for the full year. Adjusted Q4 op margin of 22.3% increased 330 basis points, while full year op margin of 22.5% increased 170 basis points. Both increases were primarily driven by the fair value inventory step-up that we took in prior year, coupled with higher volume. If you exclude the fair value inventory step-up from the prior year, adjusted operating margin would have been up 100 basis points for the quarter. Our growth initiatives, including higher engineering investments in HST, and targeted initiatives are working, especially in Sealing and Scientific Fluidics & Optics. However, with these successes come some challenges on margins. Specifically, we continue to have some operating challenges that relate to growth, but we’re making a lot of progress on this throughout the year. We expect segment margin to be higher than 22.3% in the fourth quarter on 11% organic growth. Our operating teams are focused on this opportunity, and we expect this to improve throughout 2018. If we look at Scientific Fluidics & Optics, it was a very strong year for the group with continued gains and momentum across the major markets of AI, IVD/BIO and DNA sequencing. Also, we announced our Optics Center of Excellence in Rochester, New York scheduled to be completed by early 2019. This project will bring three separate businesses together in a brand-new, state-of-the-art building, with the sole mission of supporting the growth of our key life science customers. Looking at Sealing Solutions, we experienced a record year, driven in part by very strong semicon demand but also propelled even further by oil and gas, mining, automotive and our own initiatives in new product development. HST industrial remains solid, looks a lot like what we just discussed in FMT. Within our material process business, we’ve seen continued global stability with increased demand in the U.S. food and pharma markets, along with strong project funnel as we enter 2018. Okay, I’m on Slide 8. I’m on our last segment, Diversified. Diversified also had a really good year. They delivered a record fourth quarter in orders, sales and op margin. Organic orders grew 11% in the fourth quarter, 5% for the year. Organic sales grew 12% in the fourth quarter and 4% for the year. Adjusted Q4 op margin of 26.5% was up 250 basis points, while full year adjusted op margin of 25.1% was up 110 basis points. This is primarily due to higher volume and productivity issues. In addition to the higher volume and productivity, Akron Brass and AWG are integrating very well into our legacy Fire & Rescue businesses. When we acquired them in the summer of 2016, we had an objective to increase EBITDA margins by 500 basis points over three years. We are 75% of our way towards that goal in 1.5 years, and this is evidenced by the very strong 26.5% op margins in the fourth quarter. If you look at Dispensing, we’ve got continuous stability in the North America market, which is coupled with growing strength in Europe and Asia. Our X-Smart business continues to be strong in emerging markets, and we’re beginning to see traction of our growth initiatives as our next phase of new products are being launched globally. Within Fire & Rescue, the muni and North American OEM markets continue to perform well, and we’ve seen a return of projects in emerging markets, which is encouraging. Finally, Band-It. Band-It continues to deliver across their various markets, including transportation, energy and industrial. All right. We’re down to the last couple pieces of our conversation here. Let’s talk about 2018 guidance and then, specifically, the fourth quarter. I’m on Slide 9. So we anticipate full year organic growth in 2018 to be 5%, which will contribute $0.34 to $0.45 of benefit to EPS. FX is expected to be a $0.06 tailwind in 2018. We are impacted mostly by translational fluctuations from the euro, Swiss franc, Canadian dollar and British pound. We’re basing our analysis on rates as of December 31, 2017. We expect the net impact of our 2017 divestiture of Faure Herman and our 2017 acquisition of thinXXS to represent $0.03 of pressure on EPS. Our productivity initiatives will more than fully offset wage and raw material inflation in 2018 and will provide a $0.05 benefit. As noted before, we’ll continue to focus on our best organic growth opportunities. We will invest in people, along with a focus on new products and new applications of our existing products. These investments are across all of our segments, and these growth investments will be approximately $0.08 of pressure in 2018. We’ve shown a subtotal of EPS of $4.65 to $4.75, which represents what operational EPS improvement in 2018 would have been prior to Tax Reform. That’s a 9% improvement at the midpoint. We anticipate the Tax Reform will provide $0.25 to $0.35 benefit to our bottom line. So the result in EPS is in the range of $4.90 to $5.10, so at the midpoint of $5, EPS would be up 16% compared to 2017 adjusted EPS of $4.31. I’ll now conclude with some additional details regarding our 2018 guidance for the first quarter and full year. I’m on the last slide, Slide 10. In Q1, we estimate EPS ranging from $1.20 to $1.24, with organic revenue growth of 5% to 6% and operating margins of approximately 22%. Q1 effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 22.5%, with an estimated 3% – excuse me, 3% top line tailwind from FX based on December 31 rates. Corporate costs for the first quarter are expected to be in the range of $17 million to $18 million. Turning to full year 2018. We expect EPS to be in the range of $4.90 to $5.10. Full year organic growth is expected to be approximately 5%, and full year operating margin, approximately 22.5% to 23%. The top line FX impact is approximately 1% tailwind, again, based on end-of-year rates. The full year effective tax rate is in the range of 22% to 23%, and capital expenditures will be around $50 million. Free cash flow is expected to remain strong at approximately 115% to 120% conversion rate, and corporate costs are expected to be in the range of $70 million to $74 million for the year. Finally, our earnings guidance excludes any associated cost of future acquisitions or restructuring charges. With that, let me pause and turn it over to operator, Doug, for details. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys, good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Andy, could you touch on organic investment a little bit more? You’ve obviously invested very broadly here. But with the incremental cash that you’re now going to get from the Tax Reform, is there any specific area that you think you could accelerate some investment in just based on the traction you’re getting?
Andy Silvernail: Allison, we figured we’d get this question. Across the board, it came down to the increase in earnings and cash from the tax rate. And the bottom line is not really. And what I mean by that is we have been very aggressive across the board for years now at fully funding organic, and I think we’ve been very consistent in saying that even when that’s done, there’s plenty of money left over. So I don’t think we’ve left much on the table. Last year, we had a pretty good number in terms of incremental organic investments. This year, it’s $0.08 a share. So I don’t think, when you net it all out, it changes much of anything from our strategy. And I think it’s – in terms of our ability to be competitive and to win globally, it’s obviously a positive thing. But I don’t think it changes what we spend our time on and where we’re going to invest.
Allison Poliniak: That’s helpful. And then HST, with the operational inefficiencies in 2017, it sounds like they’re dragging into 2018.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Allison Poliniak: Could you help us quantify that impact in 2017, how you’re thinking about it for 2018? And should those kind of disappear as we go through the year?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So actually, it’s under one headline. But to be candid, there’s one piece that we’ve kind of put behind us and two pieces that we haven’t. So when I say that we had – we did a major consolidation up in Canada, which we had some bumps earlier in the year, and that was kind of some of the bigger dollars earlier in the year. And we fundamentally – those things are never done until you’re humming completely, but we feel really good about where that is, and the team there has done a great job of closing that off. But two things that we’re more wrestling with right now are really around very fast-growth rates and as we look at some of the more scientifically bent pieces of our portfolio. So what we’re experiencing is more around – think of it as expedites a little higher cost of internal quality than we would expect. In the quarter, it was about $1.5 million, Allison. And frankly, we’re – basically, we’re protecting our customers to make sure that they’re not feeling these inefficiencies or longer lead times, and we’re easing some of the costs ourselves. So it was $1.5 million in the fourth quarter. And if you normalize the HST margin, frankly, that’s the kind of margin we would expect to see in HST if you normalize that $1 million, $1.5 million. I don’t think we completely put it to bed just because we’re not going to – we’re not going to try to save $0.5 million to put our customers at risk. And so if it takes a little bit longer to make sure we get it right at all angles, we’ll do it. I think it’s going to go into the second quarter before we have it completely behind us.
Allison Poliniak: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. No problem at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Mike Halloran: So maybe when I think back to prepared comments, Andy, and I think about the prepared comments over the last five, six quarters, the level of caution continues to bleed out of the comments. And I did not hear a lot of concern points in the script.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Mike Halloran: Any areas of the portfolio you’re worried about right now? Or are we just seeing broad-based growth through all of your business lines at this point?
Andy Silvernail: It’s broad-based, Mike. You read this correctly. At this point, it’s pretty hard to find a piece of the portfolio that is soft. I mean, if I were going to pick a little bit, it would be the places that we’ve been picking on, but even those have gotten better since we last talked, meaning the Dispensing business in North America has flattened out. And the midstream energy, we thought, bottomed out in the fourth – excuse me, in the third quarter, and we believe that to be true, and has improved, and the cold winter will help that even some there. So when you do a Pareto of all of our businesses, if I showed you a Pareto chart of all of our businesses, a couple of things that you would see negative are by our choice. We actively made choices to shrink a couple of things. Otherwise than that, you’d see positives.
Mike Halloran: And then extending out Allison’s first question a little bit. Obviously, your investment hurdles haven’t really changed. You guys have been diligent on your side.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Mike Halloran: How do you feel this is going to impact your customer base and what their investment decisions look like? And how does that layer through in your business?
Andy Silvernail: That’s a great question. I think that is a big one. You mean – if I understand, Mike, you mean in terms of will they invest more, and therefore, will that cause a downstream effect. Is that what you mean?
Mike Halloran: Yes, that’s exactly it.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. Well, I think – I mean, I think for everybody, the answer to that, to some degree, is going to be yes. And whether that happens directly or it happens with how money gets circulated in the economy via dividends or whatever, right, I think the answer to that is going to be yes. I will caution, however, that these things tend to have – because of where we play in the marketplace, there might be a little bit longer, I think, impact for that to turn into a structural change, meaning brand-new programs coming in, where we’ve won new products. I think that the short-term impact is going to be on book and turn business, right, stuff that you’ve already won, and you might get some incremental benefits. And I do think that we’re seeing that and we have seen that. And the bigger thing that we’re looking at is the confidence level in capital-related projects, right? And when you see – if you remember, I want to say two or three calls ago, Bill, must have been, or maybe assuming the beginning of last year, people were asking us, what would give you more confidence? And I believe my answer back then was you got to see what I’ll call the speculative confidence turn into the spending confidence, turn into the capital spending confidence. And I believe we’ve entered that phase. And so we’re definitely starting to see people more willing to spend bigger dollars, which is what makes it sustained for folks like us as long as it holds up.
Mike Halloran: Yes.
Bill Grogan: Yes, I would add. Our commercial funnels across the portfolio have picked up, especially over the last quarter. I think the upside case would be if a significant amount of those materialized here in 2018.
Andy Silvernail: I agree with that, Bill.
Mike Halloran: Yes, yes. And then just for me tack under that one, Andy, on the CapEx side because I remember those comments a couple quarters back, and the hope was – CapEx have scaled back part of this year, right?
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Mike Halloran: It certainly feels like you’re more confident that CapEx of maybe not massive size but more meaningful size is starting to come forward. Is that fair? And how do you see that projecting out?
Andy Silvernail: It is fair. Now let me give you three examples without being specific to any customers because we never do that, but three places where you’re seeing that common in size. One, we’re seeing it in the chemical markets. Whether – no matter if you look in Europe or you look in the value, so to speak, we’re definitely seeing improvement and bigger dollars being released in those areas. In China, actually, too. China, too. And then – so that’s number one. Number two, we received some pretty good-sized blanket orders, and it’s not atypical. But in our general industrial – touching some of our general industrial book and turn businesses. And if you went back two years ago, those didn’t exist. Then last year, it came back a little bit, and this year, we saw it come back stronger. That’s a good sign. And then finally, in some of our scientific-related businesses, you’re seeing people plan much further out related to their own capital. And the questions to us are around our ability to ramp if they ramp capital. So you’re not necessarily seeing the spend yet, but when that conversation is happening, they’re gauging – they’re starting to now gauge who am I going to partner with based on availability, not just based on price, not that we ever really play in that much.
Mike Halloran: Yes.
Andy Silvernail: But you’re seeing some of those behavioral changes.
Mike Halloran: Great colors as always. Appreciate it.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: I’d just like to follow on to the question there about larger capital spending dollars coming out. That would probably hit you in the second half of the year. But I would guess that, that’s probably not baked into the guidance that you have for 5-ish percent organic growth. I know you’re going to have tougher comps in the second half, and I assume that, that’s probably part of it. If you do see some of those positive spending drivers come through, is there upside to your organic revenue guidance, in your view?
Andy Silvernail: I think, Nathan, you have to believe – for the answer to that to be yes, you have to believe that there’s going to be an overall pickup in industrial production in the back half of the year compared to what we’ve been experiencing now and the projections in the first half. And so far, we’re not seeing that yet. So we are baking in some of this improvement. You’re right. We do have tougher comps in the back half. Could it get better with an acceleration overall in organic spending through the pipeline, so to speak? It could, but the nature of the short cycle of our business and by nature of what we’re seeing people think about in the back half of the year and full year from industrial production, I think we picked reasonably well with the facts that we have today.
Nathan Jones: Okay, that’s fair. I’d like to go on to some of the businesses that have or continue to be in your fixed bucket.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Nathan Jones: You disposed one that I assume didn’t pass your standards there. I know some of the acquisitions go into that. Can you give us an update on where you are with the businesses that are in the fixed bucket? Are they candidates for disposition? Are they candidates for moving out of that fixed bucket?
Andy Silvernail: Sure, sure. Let me comment on, and I’m going to ask Bill to comment, too, because Bill plays a really big role here in looking at the overall portfolio of the company on a day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month basis. So first of all, the fixed bucket has shrunk from about 25% this time last year to about 15%, right? So whether it’s been disposition or folks moving from there to different parts of our growth profile, that’s shrunk now. So it’s a smaller piece of the overall profile. The first part, I don’t think that there are – there’s nothing major in line for disposition in there, right? We’ve always said we’ll constantly look at it. Things change, but I feel very good about where we are relative to what we own today. So that 15% that’s in there is really about those two types of changes that we’ve talked about for a long time. One is they got to improve their profit profile and/or they have something important in there that makes up their franchise that needs investment, I’d say as a technology or channel development. So they generally feel pretty good. And Bill?
Bill Grogan: Yes. I think the fixed businesses overall, the margin from them last year was about 200 basis points, so we did see a significant portion graduate out. Remember, all of our acquisitions go into the fixed business, so you saw Akron and AWG graduate into the integrated growth in SFC and then into integrated growth within our Dispensing – or excuse me, our Sealing platform. So the 15% that remains relative to productivity improvements we have in line this year, that will continue to shrink if we don’t do any additional deals this year.
Nathan Jones: Okay. As it relates to that, gross margins have been – they’ve been edging up over the last few years, but they’ve been in that kind of 44%, 45% range.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Nathan Jones: Are there opportunities that you feel you still have to drive gross margins higher? Or does margin expansion really come from SG&A leverage here? Or just how should we think about that going forward?
Andy Silvernail: Nathan, I think we can get both, and there’s no reason we can’t continue to do that. If you look at our ability to get price, our ability to drive productivity, so if you kind of look at those two major things, so let’s look at price versus – price and productivity versus inflation, meaning wage plus our raw material inflation, we think we can get – with that combination, we should be able to get expansion, right? And that all shows up at the gross margin line. And then from there, obviously, you’ve got volume leverage, and those two things combined should then compound at the op margin line. So I don’t think there’s any reason we can’t. Frankly, I’m not going to lie. I was a little disappointed on – at where we ended gross margin. I thought we could have expanded the gross margin more throughout this year, and we gave up a reasonable amount of it with some of these inefficiencies that we’ve had. And what I like about it is our teams are just as upset, right? It’s not like we’re having to tell them that this is an issue. At the same time, you got to make bets. You got to make bets on growth, and you got to make bets on Center of Excellence and things like that. And I think on balance, those are paying off for us. But I do expect to expand gross margins, and I think we can, Bill. I mean, I think we can.
Bill Grogan: Yes. I mean, you should see us this year consistently in the 45% range with improvement off of that. I think 46% would be a target longer term, but a solid 45%, mid-45% is a good number for this year.
Andy Silvernail: Absolutely.
Nathan Jones: Great color as usual. Thanks guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Winoker: Thanks and good morning all.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Winoker: I just wanted to follow on that last question around gross margin and tie it to also the $0.05 of tailwind that you point to in 2018 for inflation net – or productivity net of inflation. Just maybe help us think about, and I know you separate pricing someplace else, but the dynamics there. A little more color would be helpful to break it apart.
Andy Silvernail: You want to touch on it, Bill?
Bill Grogan: Yes. I think the $0.05 improvement is really us solving some of the execution issues that we had within 2017, and then it’s our continued OpEx programs exceeding our inbound inflation. That’s how you think about it.
Andy Silvernail: Steven, anytime you can net that out to positive, that just puts you in a great position to expand margin.
Bill Grogan: Yes. It’s a little bit higher than what we historically have guided because of the inefficiency we can put our finger on in 2017.
Steven Winoker: Right. And that inflation is all material or you have wage elsewhere, correct?
Bill Grogan: No, that’s in the number as well.
Andy Silvernail: That’s in there.
Steven Winoker: That’s both.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And so on the material side, I know it’s not a huge part of your cost structure, but what are you thinking given what we’re seeing?
Andy Silvernail: It’s 40 bps.
Bill Grogan: Yes, these are – 40 bps this year. That’s our expected.
Andy Silvernail: Somewhere – $10 million, $12 million material inflation. It’s somewhere in there, yes.
Bill Grogan: Yes. So think of it, 40 bps. It’s not huge, but it’s definitely there. It’s present.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And then on the – maybe, Andy, if you could put a – I know you’ve talked a bit – a lot about capital deployment already today, but a little finer point on quantifying the current M&A envelope within which you’re working comfortably, particularly in light of, I guess, what, $200 million of overseas cash and all, et cetera.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I’m a frustrated groom.
Steven Winoker: [Indiscernible]
Andy Silvernail: So we’ve looked at a lot of stuff. We see – we have looked at a lot of stuff, and our funnel has a ton of stuff in it. And we walked away from a couple of things right at the end of last year that we put a ton effort into and principally around some of the same things we’ve talked around, around price and around terms. And we have – with our board, we’ve laid out a very detailed strategy that combines organic and inorganic and what makes an IDEX-like business and then, frankly, our ability to drive differentiation long term. And so we know what that looks like. We feel very comfortable with what we know, and we feel very comfortable with what we don’t know. And so what I don’t want to do is find us stretching into places where we don’t bring something different and better to the business, and so I’d rather remain disciplined there. So what we’re seeing now is we’re seeing a lot of behavior, and it’s accelerating, right? And I expect tax relief to accelerate that to some degree. We’re seeing a lot of behavior where people are paying mid-teen multiples for very good assets. But when you just kind of back through the math, it’s tough to get there. And so I think – look, I’m betting on the fact that we will be rewarded for discipline over the long term. And we might – hey, heck, we might get punched around a little bit in the short term for it, but I’m okay with that.
Steven Winoker: Okay, that’s helpful. And any kind of color again around the characteristics of – I know Faure Herman, that went to Le Garrec. And as you’ve shrunk that fixed bucket down, I think it always helps us if you give us some insight into what makes that kind of business worth more to somebody else than to you guys.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So I think a few things, and I won’t speak specifically to Faure Herman. But I think what it comes down to is the ability to drive real differentiation in the marketplace. And so when we looked at a bunch of the businesses that we have sold in the last few years, most of them came down to either we didn’t have the scale to compete or we had lost the technology advantage that somebody else brought to the table that could advance that business much faster than we could organically. And so that’s typically been the decision-making. Rarely is it because financially, you can’t get there. We can solve those things pretty quickly. It really comes down to those two things: the ability to scale it and the ability to get over a technology hurdle. And for the most part, the buyers that we sold to are, I guess, for the most part, we think they could, and they think they could. And one of the things that we think about here, Steve, is it’s good for everybody in terms of performance of the business. It’s also good for the people in the business, right, because if – do you want to be part of a business where you are kind of forgotten? Or do you want to be part of a business where you are prime time? And so we think about that in the businesses we’ve sold. They’re going to partners. They’re going to be prime time, and that’s going to allow them to thrive and succeed.
Steven Winoker: Great. All right, very helpful. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Hey good morning, guys. Look, just another quarter well done. I thought I could tell you. The one – I jumped on a little bit late. I apologize. We’re spread really thin this morning. Could you – have you talked about the amount of fixed businesses that are still left in the portfolio, the percent of sales and approximately what their margins are running at right now?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So we did a little bit, so I won’t spend much time on it. You can go back on the transcript. But basically, about 15% of our businesses are now in the fixed bucket. We made about 200 basis point improvement in margins. We don’t talk about the specific margin profile that’s in there today, but that’s about what it is. But it was a longer conversation earlier.
Scott Graham: Okay, got you. So now with – sort of piggybacking on the M&A question, and I know that your pipeline is looking good and all that, but can you give us an idea of what the pipeline is comprised of? You now have essentially 85%, which is a substantial portion of yourselves, of course, in businesses, which it sounds like you’re really ready to make an acquisition next to alongside. So does the composite of your pipeline equal the percent of sales of these businesses? Or how are you looking at that, Andy?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So I’m not – Scott, I’m not exactly sure if I understand what you meant by that. But let me take a whack, and if I’m wrong, come back at it. So I would actually look at the 75% because, really, most of the businesses that we’ve categorized has outperformed. We’re unlikely to acquire something in those businesses unless something popped out that was unexpected from a competitor that we could put together. So let’s just call it 75% of the business I’d categorize as ready and I’m excited about acquiring around. Across that 75%, the pipeline is pretty good. I couldn’t tell you that there’s one thing versus another where we’re seeing more or less of something. Now there’s price disparity. When I look at the HST-related properties, they’re more expensive. When I look at the FSD-related properties, they tend to be less expensive, and FMT is somewhere in the middle. And so we’ve been looking at things for all of 2017 and even today that touch on all those businesses or adjacent to those businesses. We continue to invest in strategy. We continue to invest in people to think about how IDEX runs a business. If you think about the style of competition of IDEX, right, what makes us really different? We kind of come down to three things time and time and time again, right? Number one, we’re really good at building teams who know how to run these businesses. The second part is those teams are obsessively customer-centric maybe in terms of how do you grow them, how do you care for them, how you innovate around them. And they do so through, really, this practice of 80-20, which has been the hallmark of our operating model. And so we keep investing in what other types of businesses that are adjacent to our world did that model work. And that’s where our sweet spot is. It’s got to have the dynamics of an IDEX business, but when we put those three things together, that’s where acquisitions work for us.
Scott Graham: Very good. That’s all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Reive: Good morning, this is Jeff on for Deane. I just have one question around the dynamic of Tax Reform on the M&A landscape. Sellers have less tax leakage. I was wondering if you’re seeing any more targets become available. Do you maybe expect any more asset purchases? Just kind of wondering how you’re thinking about all this.
Andy Silvernail: I guess the only way I can answer that with confidence is the number of things that have come across the transom since we walked through the door here on January 1 is it’s up substantially. So my answer to your question is – I think the answer is yes.
Jeffrey Reive: All right. That should be all for me. Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Joe.
Joe Giordano: When I think about like your organic guide for 2018 and just think about how orders – and maybe let’s focus on FMT and HST, just see if the lumpiness are diversified. But is it fair to think that maybe orders grow at a slower rate than revenues this year? I know the organic rate has been very solid on orders for you guys this year, but when I look sequentially, they don’t look dramatically different quarter-to-quarter. It’s a very stable, good, healthy run rate. Is that how we should be thinking about orders, kind of like stable around these areas, give or take a little bit on like a sequential pattern?
Bill Grogan: Yes. I think the – sequentially, they will uptick slightly for our 5% number next year, but not materially.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. And I think following – we’ve always said that orders and sales quarter-to-quarter don’t necessarily match with, obviously – within a year, they typically would. That’s exactly what we saw this year. So you’ll see some puts and takes. We’ve built some backlog, which is a good sign, going into the first quarter. There’s no doubt we’ll have a quarter this year where we bleed some backlog, and no one should be surprised by that.
Joe Giordano: Okay. So fairly, like you’re getting a little bit of a tail from the order performance this year into revenue next year. That’s fair.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Joe Giordano: Just quick housekeeping. On the corporate expense, it was bit higher than we had for the quarter here. Is that more of like a baseline that we should be modeling off of here, that kind of new $20-ish per quarter kind of level?
Bill Grogan: No. We guided $17 million to $18 million for the first quarter.
Andy Silvernail: [Indiscernible]
Bill Grogan: Yes. I mean, the fourth quarter, again, we highlighted a little bit in our release, a lot of that was due to the increase in stock price impacting compensation and our overall management incentive. Based upon how we finished the year, there were some headwind from that.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Bill Grogan: Thanks guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to hand the call back over to management for closing comments.
Andy Silvernail: Great. So just kind of three closing comments, one on the lighter side and two on the more serious side. On the lighter side, I grew up in Maine, so I’m a diehard in one of the Patriots stands, so I’m now going to turn on the opportunity to say go, Pats, even though everybody here in Illinois hates me. On the more serious side, there was an announcement this morning that a gentleman by the name of Dan Comas is retiring from Danaher as their longtime CFO. And I was an intern for Dan in the summer of 1998, and Dan is just one of the true gentlemen, has built an incredible legacy. And I just – he’s been around this community for an awful long time. He’s a very special person, and I want to congratulate Dan myself on just what a great run and a legacy that he’s built. And then finally, I just want to thank my teams. The teams here at IDEX have done a remarkable job. And we’re trying to build a special enterprise, an enterprise that believes in our mission of trusted solutions and improving lives, people who have bought into the values in this organization and then finally, really focused on how do we do the right thing for all of our stakeholders, our shareholders, the folks who work here at IDEX and obviously, most importantly, for our customers. So I just want to thank everybody for the great work, and I look forward to an outstanding 2018. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-17 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Silvernail - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Bill Grogan - Chief Financial Officer Mike Yates - Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Adam Farley - Stifel Matt Summerville - Alembic Global Advisors Steven Winoker - UBS Jeffrey Reive - RBC Capital Markets Charley Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Brett Linzey - Vertical Research Partners Joe Giordano - Cowen & Co Katja Jancic - BMO Capital Markets Brett Kearney - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Q3 2017, IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. Mr. Yates, you may begin.
Mike Yates: Great. Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX third quarter financial highlights.  Last night we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending September 30, 2017 and next week we’ll file our 10-Q for the same period. The press release and the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our CFO. The format for our call is as follows: We will begin with Andy providing an overview of the third quarter financial results and an update on our markets and geographies. He'll then walk you through the operating performance at each of our segments. And finally we will wrap up with an outlook for the fourth quarter and the full-year 2017. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering the conference ID 13652255 or you may simply log on to the company's homepage for the webcast replay. As a brief reminder before we begin, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, thanks Mike. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us here to discuss our third quarter results. Overall I’m very pleased with the results and how our year is shaping up. We’ve now experienced three straight quarters of strong order, sales and earnings and we’re expecting this trend to continue in the fourth quarter, which will lead to a record for the year for the company.  Organic growth in both orders and sales are a direct result of our ability to capitalize on the strengthening economy and our ability to execute on our growth initiatives. Our effort segment in our portfolio continued to pay dividends and drive exceptional results for IDEX. We’re experiencing broad based strength within a majority of our end markets including Life Science, Semicon, Water, Ag and Industrial. Over the last few quarters we’re had pockets of concerns in the portfolio, specifically around mid-stream energy and dispensing and I’ll tell you that both are showing nice signs of improvement and I’ll talk about that a little bit later on.  As always I’ll walk through some of the specific details in regards to the markets and the segments shortly, but overall I am very pleased with how the company is performing. Our operating results to-date have been outstanding and above expectations and I expect this to continue for the rest of the year. Orders remain strong across all three segments, delivering third quarter overall growth of 8%, up 7% organically. FSD was up 10% and FMT and HST were each up 6%. Revenue grew 8% overall, 7% organically as well, driven by strength in all three segments. HST was up 10%, FMT was up 7%, FST was up 4%. We saw a nice ratable increase in both orders and sales throughout the quarter. It looked very much like we have in the last two quarters.  The team once again delivered very solid results. Gross margins were 44.9% that was up 140 basis points. Adjusting for the inventory step up from last year gross margin was up 50 basis points. We’re pleased with the expansion, at the same time we are still having some inefficiencies that we mentioned last quarter and we expect those to be completed by the end of the year.  We had Op margin of 22%, that was up 130 basis points compared to prior year and I want to take a minute and talk about this in a little bit of detail. I know there are some questions here on flow-through, probably one of the bigger questions of the day, and let me start by saying our operating flow-through was very strong. If you look at the 130 basis points improvement and then the 10 basis points compared to prior year, we had almost $6 million of variable comp expense that hit us in the quarter.  We had our CFO depart last year, which was a positive to last year but created a headwind for this year and we had our strong performances turned into strong variable comps. So again, on an apples-to-apples basis, our flow-through was just over 36% and our margin expansion is at 110 basis points on the operating line. EPS of a $1.08 was up $0.16 or 17% compared to last year; it was a record for the quarter. Free cash flow was $115 million at 138% conversion which obviously is a very strong quarter.  Now let me take a minute and talk about what we’re seeing in our core markets and geographies. In agriculture we continue to see improvement in this market and we’re going to finish strong with 2017 and it’s going to bode well for 2018. We’re seeing strength in both OEM and distribution. Municipal end markets in both water and fire continue to see positive momentum. Our mid-stream oil and gas business is starting to see signs of recovery. As you know we talked about that and we believe we start to see that at the end of the year and we are, and upstream continues to do well. In our Scientific Fluidics and Optics business, the markets remain one of our best performers and we’re seeing strength in IVD Bio, analytical instrumentation and DNA sequencing; all of these continue to outperform. Semicon demand remains strong and we expect it to continue through the balance of the year and into next year, really driven by new products and new market entry of our teams, and in industrial we continue to see tailwinds from the industrial rebound across our businesses. If you look at the regions, North America is leading the rebound in the global recovery and we expect that to continue going forward. Europe also has had some real strength. We do have some tailwinds from FX, but across the board in Europe we’re seeing improvement in auto and in housing and these really bode well for our continued expansion in Europe. In Asia, we’re getting volume increases. We had some large project orders that have come through here in the year, but we’re also seeing strong distribution performance in China, which is a nice sign. If we turn now to capital deployment, we’re committed to the strategy that we’ve laid out for some years now and the results have really proved out the strategy, and I want to take a few minutes to walk through each element of that strategy. In terms of organic growth, I’m obviously very pleased with our performance, 6% organic growth and 5% organic sales growth for the year is outstanding, so year-to-date really great results.  7% organic growth in the quarter is our strongest since the third quarter of 2014 and we’ve been very consistent that organic investments are going to be our number one priority. We believe that our business segmentation coupled with funding those best organic initiatives is leading to a very strong performance. The 7% organic orders growth achieved in the quarter is about – or sales growth rather is about half market and about half our initiatives and we are very pleased with those results. We’re trying to build a culture of growth here at the company and we are very excited about the journey that we’re on. In terms of dividends the practice that we’ve laid out for the last few years remains consistent. On September 14 our Directors approved our 92th consecutive dividend, which is $0.37 a share. In the quarter we bought back about $14 million worth of shares, 116,000 shares of our stock. Year-to-date we bought back about 200,000 at a cost of about $24 million and although we’re not purchasing as many shares as we had in the past few years, we remain very committed to the strategy and we’ll continue to deploy capital as it makes sense and we drive shareholder value with our share repurchases. In terms of M&A, it’s our number one priority inorganically and we’ll continue to drive the strategy. Our funnel is solid. We’re working on various opportunities. But with that said, you know look, we all know, valuations are high and we’re going to be incredibly disciplined with how we deploy capital to drive value for shareholders. Our balance sheet is in great shape and we have great free cash flow. At the end of the month we had net leverage is about one times and we had growth leverage at about 1.5 times, so we have a great abundance of capital to deploy for our strategies. Let me transition now. I’m on slide five and I’m going to talk about the third quarter results. Q3 revenue of $574 million was a third quarter record. It was up 8% overall, 7% organically. It was driven by growth within all three segments; HST up 10%, FMT up 7% and FST up 4%. I’d like to point out that we didn’t burn any backlog in the quarter as orders were also $574 million. Operating margin as I said was 22% up 130 basis points and again on an apples-to-apples basis up 110 basis points. I’d like to provide some details relative to our Q3 effective tax rate also. In 2017 in the quarter we had a 26.4% tax rate compared to 29.6% in 2016. This is 320 basis points less than last year and was really associated with our reparation of cash from China that was used for our SFC acquisition. This drop in the rate was expected and the reason we guided a 26.5% ETR three months ago. Q3 had income of $84 million, resulted in an EPS of $1.08. This is a record for the third quarter. It was up $0.16 or 17% from the adjusted prior period. Free cash flow for the quarter was strong at $115 million, again converted to 138%. Alright, let’s turn to slide six. We’ll now walk into the segment discussions. I’m going to start with Fluid & Metering. For the third quarter in a row, FMC was solid. We had organic order and sales growth of 6% and 7% respectively. Op margin was up 130 basis points primarily due to higher volume, cost savings from prior year and our restructuring activities. In water we’re experiencing strong demand in the US distribution for our new products and the municipal markets continue to grow. We’ve also had terrific new product development, this is come out in this area and we’re getting some project wins in Asia. In industrial fluids, our pump business had another great quarter. We had double digit increases in orders and sales. US distributors are optimistic about the rest of 2017 and we continue to have some wind at our back caused by the oil and gas businesses across the US and Europe and really globally. Valve business continues to be strong. We’ve had a nice increase in sales and orders and we’re seeing stability in the large chemical customers around the world.  Our midstream energy business as I mentioned has been improving. We’ve been keeping an eye on that here really for the balance of the year. We’ve seen that improving. Specifically we’re seeing truck build for LPG increase, which bodes well for 2018. The LPG mobile market in Europe has also improved and we’re seeing share gains by some of our larger customers. Overall there still remain challenges in this piece of our business, but we are seeing a recovery and again this positions us well looking at next year. Ag has been a great story this year. We’ve got consecutive quarters of double digit order and sales increase and optimism continues as we look at 2018, really as we see the pre-build season upon us and we’re seeing strength in both OEMs and distributors. Alright, let’s turn to slide seven and we’ll talk about Health & Science. Similar to FMT, HST has experienced three strong quarters in a row with organic orders up 6% and organic sales up 10% over the last year. Operating margin increased 190 basis points for the third quarter, mainly due to higher volume and inclusion of the fair value inventory step up from last year. Although I’m happy with 190 basis point increase for the quarter, we have had some inefficiencies that were seen mostly within HST that we feel very confident will be done by the end of the year. In Scientific Fluidics and Optics, AI, Bio IVD and DNA sequencing are all seeing strong demand and we expect that to continue. Our optics businesses are now fully integrated with our life science and our fluidics business and we’re seeing our thesis come to life here, specifically the combination of optic solutions and fluid solutions driving significant competitive advantage for us.  We also announced in the third quarter our decision to build an optical center of excellence in Rochester New York. By the end of 2018 we’ll consolidate three of our optics businesses into one state of the art facility that will be a huge win for our customers and for our people. We continue to make long term investments in this market and will bear fruit down the road. In sealing solutions it was really a phenomenal quarter, double digit organic order and revenue growth primarily driven by strength in the semicon market and we’re seeing SFC nicely integrate into our sealing platform and delivering on the promises of that acquisition. HST industrial results are strong, particularly in the US, UK and some new business wins in China. MPT, we had some large orders in the quarter and our pipeline for future orders looks good. We did – we haven’t finalized our site consolidation and we think as we get into 2018 the benefits of that site consolidation to be fully in play. Okay, I’m on our last segment, slide eight for diversified. Organic orders were up 10% in the quarter and organic sales increased 4%. Operating margin was up 130 basis points in the third quarter, primarily due to volume and the inclusion of fair value inventory step up from last year.  Dispensing, you know we’ve talked a little bit about plateauing here in the last few quarters, but in the third quarter we secured three nice sized dispensing orders. We have order strength across the globe and nice order for X-SMART in emerging markets and two relatively large DIY orders in North America, including the order that we’ve been talking about here that’s been pushed a couple of quarters. So this has really been the big factor driving the 10% order growth in FST. Additionally we are launching some new products in dispensing in Europe that I think are going to position us well for 2018. In Fire & Safety the North American markets remain solid with both fire and rescue. The muni markets are outperforming expectations and the rescue business in particular in North America has been exceptionally strong. Our eDRAULIC tools continue to capture share. We are gaining the synergy that we expected from the integration of Akron and AWG. I’m excited by the potential that these give us going forward. They are absolutely meeting our expectations. And then finally BAND-IT had a strong quarter; high single digit revenue growth in the quarter. We’re seeing nice share wins in auto, a rebound in energy as well as an uptick in industrial. Okay, I’m on our last slide, slide nine. Let’s talk about the fourth quarter and full year 2017 guidance. For the fourth quarter we estimate EPS in $1.06 to $1.08. Organic revenue growth at about 6%, operating margins at about 22%, the tax rate should be about 28%, FX will provide about a 3% tailwind and corporate costs should be about $17 million.  For the year, as we look at our outlook, we look at the solid results we’ve had to-date, obviously a very strong third quarter. We're going to raise our EPS guidance. We’re now going to be $4.25 to $4.27, which will be a record for IDEX. We continue to expect full year organic revenue growth to be a little over 5%, the full year operating margin at about 22%, FX will be a headwind of a little less than 1% for the full year. Our corporate costs should be around $70 million and our free cash flow should be 120% of net income.  As always, none of these forward-looking statements include the impact of acquisitions or potential restructuring. And with that, let me pause here and Doug, I’ll turn it over to you for questions from those on the phones.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Good morning, everyone. 
Andy Silvernai: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Halloran: So, you know Andy if I think over the last few quarters here, you know particularly starting last year, numerous headwinds from a growth perspective and each quarter it seems like you’re picking a few of those off and negative markets are starting to turn more positive or at least flattening and now you’re listening to the dialogue here and not sure I heard any markets where you were sounding overly concerned, right. Even some of the midstream markets which have lagged from a recovery perspective are starting to turn a little bit. So maybe comment broadly on if there are any markets out there that you’re looking at that you’re concerned about and if anything changes you would look to the quarter on that side.
Andy Silvernai: Mike, you’ve definitely hit it on the head here. You know the two of it that have been lingering are really mid-stream energy and dispensing. I would say from a mid-stream energy, we are definitely starting to see that alleviate, the entire market alleviate, which is obviously positive as we head into the fourth quarter and into next year, so I think that’s good news.  Dispensing, I would say the market trends haven’t changed from what we’ve talked about. The wins in the quarter and what I think will be wins next year are really driven by our actions. You know the wins at the two [DIY] [ph] that I talked about, those are things that we’ve been working on for an awful long time. You know we work on it constantly really and you know the large X-SMART order that we got are things that we’ve been you know working in our sales funnel for a long time.  But I don’t think the markets have changed. I think those will still be relatively flat as we think about you know the fourth quarter and going into next year. But broadly Mike, you’re right; things have continued to firm as I think through how this year has progressed and what I think is going to – 2015 is going to turn into unless we have some you know exogenous event. I think we’ll continue to see a firming of markets and some improvements, some momentum.
Mike Halloran: So then let’s translate that into early thoughts on next year and more focused on momentum and then timing of the capital side. 
Andy Silvernai: Yeah.
Mike Halloran: So obviously a lot of shot cycle momentum that we’ve seen here. On the capital side it’s more a dispensing side and things that have been healthy for a while, just maybe plateauing at a nice level. Maybe talk about the short cycle progression as you work into next year and then more importantly has your thought process on timing of larger CapEx from an industry perspective changed at all? Is that getting pulled forward or is it still pretty similar?
Andy Silvernai: I don’t think it’s changed very much. I think that as we move through this quarter, some larger capital spend, if you see good numbers I think you’ll start to see some improvement in large capital spend. But I think what’s going to play out here now are two things; number one, you know we’re seeing what I’ll call – you know they are definitely projects, but they are small projects. We’ve definitely seen improvement of that throughout this year.  I do think you’re going to start to see some larger stuff come into play as we get into ’15, as people are planning now for ’15, I think you’ll start to see – sorry, for ’18, ’15, God! I’m losing it. In ‘18 I think you’ll start to see some of those come into play. To be clear, we haven’t seen those in our work yet and so this is a belief of mine, but I think you will start to see that into ‘18 and importantly, distribution improving. The momentum in distribution is a good sign and we are seeing that across our portfolio. So you pick the business, distribution is getting better, which typically is a good overall indicator. 
Mike Halloran: One follow-up on that last point. Where – no, the second last point there. Where would you most see in your portfolio, the larger CapEx items start coming through?
Andy Silvernai: Well, you see them in a couple of places right. So FMT would be the biggest place you would see it. But then you also see it a little bit in Fire & Rescue, right. So the governments will release funds and you will start to see it in Rescue a little bit, but FMT mostly is where you would see that pop-up and also in MPT a little bit, right. You see some of the larger pharma projects in MPT. 
Mike Halloran: It makes sense. Thanks Andy. I appreciate it. 
Andy Silvernai: You bet Mike. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. 
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys, good morning. 
Andy Silvernai: Good morning Allison. 
Allison Poliniak: I just want to touch on the organic investment. Obviously you have seen a lot of success out of that. How are you thinking about organic investments not with you know obviously more comfort in the growth. Are we accelerating it here where it could hold back incrementals, you know not a bad thing. But you know how should we think about I guess that investment at this point in the cycle sale? 
Andy Silvernai: So let me answer your direct question, and then answer – I’m going to be a politician and answer the question I want to answer, how about that?
Allison Poliniak: Sounds good. 
Andy Silvernai: So one is no. We are investing fully. I don’t think it’s going to drag down our incrementals. You know we have talked a lot about that 35% range that we believe we can achieve that even investing at the right kind of rate. If we wanted to pull back, obviously we can get some more. But we are going to fully fund it, the kind of rates that we are at and so I feel good about that. So I have a lot of confidence that we’ll continue to invest at the rates that we want to and need to and still provide attractive incrementals.  You know I think one of the important questions on this call is really around that margin profile and the fall through and I wanted to provide some clarity in my comments, but it’s a really important one, right, which is when you dig into that you say hey, what’s really happening at the operating level of the fall-through at IDEX. It’s a really good story. It’s between 35% and 40% for the quarter and you have some noise in there. You got the step-up, we sold a business last year, you got variable comp, there is a lot of pieces in there. But when you wash that through and you say what’s happening operating-to-operating, it’s a really good story. We are delivering exactly where we said we would at the levels of increased revenue. 
Allison Poliniak: No, that’s great, that’s helpful. And then the inefficiencies in HST, remind me, that’s the site consolidation and is it just dragging a little further than what you would have thought I guess?
Andy Silvernai: Well remember we said last question, we said it was about $3 million and we said we’d get through about half of it, so we’d be at a run-rate of about $1.5 million and then we’d get rid of the rest of it as we get into the fourth quarter, and we actually experienced about $2 million versus $1.5 million, so it’s about $0.5 million less than we through. Part of it is site consolidation at MPT and then part of it is frankly the rate of growth within Life Sciences, right.  So that’s just been really strong and we’ve got a couple of sites that have – that struggle to meet demand. We’ve got our eyes on it. We know how to solve it. It just takes a little bit of time and we’d rather eat a little bit here than disappoint our customers. And so even with that we are able to deliver on the kind of flow-through that we are talking about. So you now obviously we get some of the stuff cleaned up and the underlying earnings power is pretty good. 
Allison Poliniak: No, that’s great and just one last one on the corporate cost line. It seemed to be a little higher this quarter and then obviously you raised the outlook for this year. I mean what’s going on there? What should I think about that?
Andy Silvernai: Yes Allison, that goes right back to the variable comp statement. 
Allison Poliniak: Got it.
Andy Silvernai: So you got two things going on. One, you know last year our CFO moved on and we had some, you get some benefit from that, right. And then this year our variable comp, our bonus payments are going to be substantially higher because of the very strong performance that we’ve had this year. So you put those two things together and it’s not a small number right; literally it’s $6 million in the quarter, those two things together. So that’s why if you look at apples-to-apples and you say okay, lets wash this stuff out. If you take out that variable comp impact margins end up being up 110 basis points, op margins 110, and flow-through at north of 36%. 
Allison Poliniak: Great, thank you. 
Andy Silvernai: You bet, Allison, thanks.
Operator: Out next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. 
Adam Farley: Hey, this is Adam Farley on for Nathan. 
Andy Silvernai: Hey Adam, how are you? 
Adam Farley: Doing well, doing well. I thought you called out continued momentum and strength in agriculture, but the – oh yeah and the distribution. Could you just provide a little more color there, like what’s driving that? 
Andy Silvernai: Well, you know we actually, we just finished our strat cycle and one of the things that we were really digging into is kind of the difference between you know kind of pharma earnings, pharma income right and cash income and those are two very different things right. And what you have seen happen here is you’ve actually seen cash income accelerate ahead of pharma income and we are seeing people reinvest, so that’s the principal driver.  And then you had two years that they were pretty tough, right. So you had this great run-up, you had two very tough years. So I think you are seeing a rebound generally from some latent activity that probably needed to happen, and you have an increase in cash income, and that’s showing up at the OEMs and at the distributors.
Adam Farley: All right, that’s helpful. And then just turning to the muni markets, you said there was positive momentum there as well. What’s driving that? Is that more government funds or a little more details?
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, you are seeing more headcounts. You got – I’m not sure if this is a good thing or not, the government is growing. So you are seeing continued spend and continued employment and so generally these aren’t huge numbers, but they continue to be positive. 
Adam Farley: All right great, thank you.
Andy Silvernai: Thanks Adam.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with Alembic Global Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Q – Matt Summerville: Thanks, good morning. A couple of questions; first, just on the consolidation activities, I thought you mentioned something – well, two actually pertaining to HST; one in Optics, three facilities getting combined into a new facility in Rochester and then the things that are ongoing I believe with respect to MPT. If you kind of net those two together what should we be looking at from a restructuring or a cost saving stand point in 2018 and then I have a follow-up?
Andy Silvernai: Yes. So the MPT stuff is done, right. So we did that this year, you’ve already seen the restructuring cost, those have already flowed through, so that’s there in the first quarter. So now it’s just kind of getting that fully up to speed. The optics center of excellence just to level set everybody, our two big life science Optics businesses are actually sitting in Rochester today. So they are in Rochester today and what we are going to do is we are going to build a new state-of-the-art facility that’s going to give us the ability to expand and very importantly modernize a few things in a part of the business. So we will be able to really invest in there, and that’s the bulk of it, and then we have some smaller things moving over from other facility, from a smaller facility. And so the total restructuring cost and bill for next year – for us this year, what do you think that will be?
Bill Grogan: That’s a couple of million bucks. 
Andy Silvernai: It’s not big, it’s not big Matt. it’s a couple of million and the benefits of this are you will get a little bit cost savings, it’s not a ton, but the benefits of this are really our ability to drive growth and productivity and modernize those facilities. These are the business where we are seeing Fluidics and Optics you know really come together, that strategy, that thesis we talked about for a long time. It allows us to expedite that and service the large OEMs that are out there that we have great partnerships with them. 
Q – Matt Summerville: And then just in terms of the M&A pipeline, can you speak to the actionability. You guys I think it’s a been a little over a year since you have done a deal and maybe speak to whether or not you think multiples at this point are just completely prohibitive or whether you are perhaps a bit more optimistic looking forward? Thank you.
Andy Silvernai: So let me answer that in two ways. One I’ll just kind of talk about the funnel generally, which is again I’m sounded like a broken record, but it looks a lot like it’s going to historically look. There is nothing surprising in our funnel, either positively or negatively.  In terms of the stuff we are seeing right now, we are looking at some things right now that are absolutely actionable, there is no doubt and we are constantly in these discussions and we are in several discussion as we speak. The question becomes, can you get over the finish line and the biggest issue today of getting over the finish line is around valuation and so we have certainly seen valuations creep up, we’ve certainly seen some very aggressive bidders in the market place and we are, we are disciplined.  We know where it makes sense for us and our shareholders and if we have to choose between building cash and doing bad expensive deal, we’ll chose to build cash and eventually it will break our way. I think patience really pays off here with owning the kind of companies that are IDEX like companies, that you guys enjoy, that have real defensible models, our ability to drive incremental growth, our ability to expand margins and drive high returns on capital, and we are going to be patient. 
Q – Matt Summerville: Thanks Andy.
Andy Silvernai: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
Steven Winoker: Thanks. Good morning Andy, Bill.
Andy Silvernai: Good morning. Good to hear your voice.
Steven Winoker: It’s good to be here. I wanted to just follow up on the last question that you talked about or maybe just make it a little broader. Andy, how has your thinking continued to evolve given you are now seeing 7% organic growth rate that you mentioned? How has your thinking evolved from the scope of the business that IDEX, you know this has been an ongoing thought process for a lot of years. Where are you in that thought process?
Andy Silvernai: You mean in terms of our ability to drive organic growth Steve. 
Steven Winoker: Yes, I think relative to that scope and the question of simplification and across – and optimization across the portfolio. 
Andy Silvernai: You know I still think we have a long way to go Steve. You know we have come a long way, but it’s almost like you kind of peal back that layer and you find something else that’s interesting. And I think you know the early phases were eliminating a lot of waste, right, that was the first phase of eliminating a lot of waste, a lot of non-value added activity and getting people just focused, you know just on a handful on things.  The second phase was moving that more deeply into the customer, meaning that we were more present at the customer, more people, more spending and that’s kind of the phase that we are in now and that’s why you are hearing us talk so much more about new product development and it’s not that we were bad at new product development in the past. We’ve just – we’ve reached a new level where I think we are closer to our customers and we are choosing where we want to play in a much more focused and intense way frankly, right. We are putting more people in resources on a smaller handful or areas.  The next phase that we are going to move into here is really around how do we accelerate the different points of connections across IDEX and we are seeing that – if you see the different areas that work for us; so if you look at our integrated growth, so IDEX Health & Science building the center of excellence, right. We are now getting a scale in a handful of areas in Optics that are going to allow us to merge our Optics and Fluidics in this really unique value proposition as an example, that’s going to allow us to continue to growth that business faster.  What we did at MPT and bringing those businesses together, again we’ve gone and we found scale in places that we didn’t have scale before. So we now have more engineering resources to focus on really two markets, pharma and food, where we were all over the place before and we are able to double down on some of those things. So I think we are entering that phase now Steve, where we are finding more and frankly bigger opportunities because we are simply closer to the customer, the noise is lower and we are making some bigger bets. 
Steven Winoker: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just as a follow-up as you think about that model evolving, the sustainability of these incremental margins, particularly around pricing power and the wage inflation challenges that you are -- not the temporary one, but sort of the broader one. How can – what’s your thinking in terms of convincing investors of the sustainability of that?
Andy Silvernai: You know I think our pricing power, our pricing equation is excellent and I think it will be excellent over time. You know historically we’ve done a really good job of getting half a point to a point of price, and then ultimately the delta, the difference between pricing and inflation, that’s been a really, that’s been a pretty constant number for us; that spread has been pretty constant.  You know one of the things that we have been experiencing in the last year is lower pricing and we are starting to see that inflation come up a bit and so we needed to make sure we stay ahead of that and we’ve done a good job with that. That has come down a little bit. That delta, that spread has come down a little bit, but I actually think that we’ll maintain our historical spread.  If anything, one of the things that this amount of segmentation does, and the amount of focus that we are talking about, it pushes you into businesses where you are likely to increase that spread, not decrease that spread. And so if I think long term, if I think three to five years from now, do I think we’ll still get the spread? Yes, I do. Do I think the probability of it being higher versus lower is better? I do Steve, and a lot of it comes down to playing in markets where we have a definitive advantage; where the mode is wider, the mode is deeper and we frankly have more ability to command price, because we bring tremendous value to those customers. 
Steven Winoker: Okay, and then…
Bill Grogan: And even in the businesses we’ve seen inflation spike a little bit this year, we’ve been able to go out in the third quarter proactively with incremental pricing to get ahead of it. So I think the businesses are well positioned to keep that spread as we move forward here over the next 12 to 24 months. 
Steven Winoker: Okay, great. And just one last one, are you seeing any signs of any of your OEs or others in the market attempting to back with vertical integrator experiment with places that you are historically strong?
Andy Silvernai: You know that tends to happen when you get off the technology curve. The places, the only places where you really see that as a risk right, and we obviously think a lot about it and when you look at the Life Science world, that’s a pretty consolidated world, and we are very mindful of that, and if you lose your technology development, then there would be a risk of that or if you start to play and say build the print sort of stuff, then you are in a difficult spot. But if you are working with them, you are building, you are consistently building your next level of technology you are in pretty good shape. 
Steven Winoker: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Andy Silvernai: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Reive: Hi, this is Jeffrey on for Deane Dray. I was wondering if the mid stream oil recovery has been all price related or if there’s been competitive dynamic changes?
Andy Silvernai: No real competitive dynamic changes and I wouldn’t say that you are starting to see – if I understand your question right, we are not getting a bunch of price there. What you are seeing is you are seeing the market come back in terms of capital spend around mobile kind of truck builds in the LPG mobile markets, that’s been the biggest so far. 
Jeffrey Reive: All right, and then switching gears a little bit on your water market, can you talk to how municipal budgets are looking. 
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, I think that they are healthy, right. So if you look at the expected spend; if you look at head count that we track, all those point in the right direction. 
Bill Grogan: Yeah, the surveys we’ve down with our metro markets show low single improvement over the next 12 months.
Andy Silvernai: Yeah.
Jeffrey Reive: All right, thank you. 
Andy Silvernai: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charley Brady from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question. 
Charley Brady: Thanks. Good morning guys. 
Andy Silvernai: Hey Charley. 
Charley Brady: Hey, could you just talk about raw material cost pressure that you are seeing. I didn’t hear any – maybe I missed it, but I didn’t hear any mention of that on the call. Obviously what you are seeing is it’s not hurting the margins, but I’m just kind of – maybe drill down on that a little bit, where you are seeing it, to what degree?
Bill Grogan: No, I mean we’ve seen some pockets in the more commodity based raw materials, but nothing material overall to the portfolio. I think I mentioned it a little bit earlier, I think in the areas of some of the industrial businesses where we have seen a little bit increase in the commodity prices we’ve been able to go out proactively with incremental price increases. So again, keeping ahead of that price cost curve. 
Andy Silvernai: We expect to see it Charley, right. So we expect to see material and labor inflation as we get into ’18. It’s fully our view that that’s coming, and if anything I think that the expectations of it are low. I think we are in a very tight scenario, tighter than most people fully appreciate around the supply chain and around labor and that I think the light switch is going to happen. It’s going to be faster and it’s going to be brighter and that’s what we are playing for. So all of our work around productivity and all of our work around our outbound pricing is with that as a backdrop. 
Charley Brady: And that assumption is backed into your incremental outlook of 35% incremental margin expectation, right?
Andy Silvernai: It is. 
Charley Brady: Just one more follow-up. On the dispensing orders you got, particularly the large one, what’s the timing on when that ought to ship out?
Bill Grogan: Well, we got, most of it in the fourth quarter.
Andy Silvernai: There is some that goes into ’18 but most of it goes into the fourth quarter. And if you think about it, what that means Charley is that our fourth quarter is plus or minus ratable of the third quarter, right, if you just kind of back into the numbers we gave you. It means that the third and the fourth quarter sequentially look flat. 
Bill Grogan: Yes. 
Charley Brady: Got it. Great, thanks.
Andy Silvernai: You bet Charley. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey of Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question. 
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning all. 
Andy Silvernai: Good morning Brett. 
Brett Linzey: Hey, back to FMC, a really nice quarter on the margin there, all time highs. I guess structurally as you look at the business, the mix, you know new products and some of the restructuring you’ve done. What’s really the margin entitlement of that business? And then I guess as we look into ’18, are there costs that need to come back as you look to meet some of these order increases?
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, you know so I think we are targeting kind of 27 area plus or minus here in FMT. In terms of cost coming back materially there will be some, right. You know we’ve had a pretty strong rebound; we’ve got some double digit growers, and there are some places where in terms of more people capacity, it’s not plant and equipment but people capacity, we will do some of that, but it won’t get in the way of healthy incremental and so we will do that. We are going through our budgeting cycle now and there is nothing that’s shocking in any of that stuff so far, but there will be some ads that we got to do to make sure that we can keep up with the improvement. And then we should be able to deliver the kind of the incrementals you’d expect. 
Brett Linzey: And maybe just back to the strat cycle. I mean obviously the lens here is turning to 2018 and you know I know you don’t want to provide too much color. But based on product momentum, the channel development, a lot of the things you touch on. Do you think the H2 run rate is a decent place order for 2018 and maybe half that market, half that self help, but any early framework that teams are providing as part of that planning cycle?
Andy Silvernai: You know I actually, I haven’t looked at it like that, right, so kind of saying second half becomes first half. I think that’s probably a little too high. I have to look at how that actually layers out. But generally I think the way I would expect it is in terms of seasonality, I expect it to look like it historically looked like. I don’t think there is going to be any major bumps on the road you know.  US industrial production, the latest estimates right now are coming in at you know 2% to 2.5% plus or minus, right, and that’s going to be 50%, 60% of our businesses, and so as I think about what our underlying markets are likely to look like, that feels about right, if you look at it in the US and then on a global basis. And then obviously our goal is to beat that in a meaningful way. We’ve talked about our long term objective is how do you get 200 basis points better. And so as we go into the year, you should not expect out story to change. 
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. Thanks guys. 
Andy Silvernai: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano from Cowen & Co. Please proceed with your question. 
Joe Giordano: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. When I look at FMT, and we’ve seen a lot of people talk about aftermarket people servicing each other’s products and other cheaper low cost countries being able to produce things better now than they used to. I know your margin structure seems to less of an issue, but can you talk about how you look at your portfolio overall in that context like on a, like a continuous basis. 
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, I think Joe what your really referencing tend to be the bigger iron commoditized products where people need incredible reach to get to their customers and they have service cycles that have a lot of intensity to them. And by the way, not very many skews and lots of volume. We don’t fit that model at all, right. We tend to be very nitchy. There is a lot of specification and customization that goes into working with the customer and so that mix and that customization tends to really become a barrier to entry for your classic sort of low cost, more commoditized pieces of business and how those competitors compete.  So we don’t see that a lot. I don’t expect to see that a lot. You see it around the edges, but you are going to see it much more with the folks that we compete with. We are not – and that’s right, we are in market where we don’t compete with, that are much more commoditized. That’s where I think that risk really stems from. 
Joe Giordano: That’s fair rough. And then just I wanted to clarify on some of the incremental discussion we’ve had. Is the variable cost that we are talking about, is that all coming through the corporate line? And when you are talking about your certified guide, is that on the – are we talking just like on a segment basis?
Bill Grogan: So there is some incorporated and it’s on that segmented out to each of the individual segments.
Andy Silvernai: Yeah sorry, I misspoke, but in total for the quarter, again it’s almost $6 million.
Joe Giordano: Right, we are talking like of the 35% guide that you are like on a normalize basis. Do you mean that like a segment level or like a total…
Andy Silvernai: Total company, total company.
Joe Giordano: Okay. 
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, sorry.
Joe Giordano: Cool, I just wanted to clarify that. And then just last from me, your comments on muni I think we’re pretty clear. I guess we had some conflicting data points from our a few companies this morning. So the strength that you are seeing there, you are not seeing that as just an IDEX specific aspect or maybe you are outperforming a little bit and you think the underlying markets kind of that you are playing globally look pretty strong, are pretty consistent right now. 
Andy Silvernai: I think the underling markets are good as Bill referenced. You know we are talking kind of low since digits, but they are certainly not rolling over so they continue to robust and we are winning. We got some really good new product development that’s going into those markets and we are seeing strength. 
Joe Giordano: Great, thanks guys.
Andy Silvernai: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katja Jancic from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Katja Jancic: Hi. Thank you for talking my questions. 
Andy Silvernai: Good morning.
Katja Jancic: Incrementals in HSTs were lower than in first half. Is that completely because of inefficiencies or is there something else?
Andy Silvernai: It’s all the inefficiencies right. So the bulk of what we saw in the quarter happened for the whole company but they were in HST, it’s all tied to that. 
Katja Jancic: Okay. Can you rank sales growth by end market and FMT and also in FSD?
Andy Silvernai: That would be tough to do. Its – obviously -- I’ll do my best, I’ll do my best and Bill. So the industrial stuff, the cyclical stuff that’s picked up is going to be the highest right. So if you look at what’s happening in the industrial FMT that’s going to be the highest. Banjo and Ag is going to be strong, there is no doubt about that. They are going to be close and then you got water within FMT.  You go over to HST, obviously what we are seeing within Life Sciences is going to be strong. Sealing actually might even be a little bit better that than, but they are close, they are both in that double digit range, so those are doing well.  You know the Sealing story is a great story. That’s a place where we made multiple acquisitions, we built a platform, we made a greenfield investment in the US to penetrate the US market and we are really seeing some nice wins there. If you move over to you know to Diversified and BAND-IT has been really strong, right. BAND-IT has been strong and obviously found the dispensing business we had, nice order growth there in the quarter. But it’s hard to, if you were to look at every business, if you guys had access to that the signals across the portfolio are pretty good. 
Katja Jancic: Now I’m not sure if you mentioned this, but what were water sales – what was water sales growth?
Andy Silvernai: We don’t call that out specifically. 
Katja Jancic: Okay. Now I know you made a couple of divestitures in ’16. Are those impact on sales complete or should we still look at that?
Bill Grogan: In the fourth quarter we’ll have…
Michael Yates: We sold IETG in the fourth quarter and the Korean...
Andy Silvernai: How much is that going to be, total for the fourth quarter?
Bill Grogan: That’s a couple of million bucks.
Andy Silvernai: It’s not a big number, but yeah there will be a little bit.
Katja Jancic: Okay, and I know historically you talked about your fixed businesses. Can you talk a little bit about the margin progression there? Are there any businesses that you still expect to graduate from that group?
Andy Silvernai: Oh yeah! We’ll definitely graduate some this year. As you know we’ve talked about the idea that you kind of get two years in that bucket and so I expect that we are going to graduate some folks out of that bucket this year. You know if we do any acquisitions, you know those obviously go into that automatically, but we continue to see nice margin expansion and frankly growth out of those businesses. You know it’s been unexpectedly strong. So the focus that we are doing there is both improving top line and improving the bottom line. 
Katja Jancic: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Andy Silvernai: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Kearney from Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question. 
Brett Kearney: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. 
Andy Silvernai: You bet Brett.
Brett Kearney: I just had a question of your pumps businesses. The double digit growth you are seeing in those businesses, would you say that also breaks down about half end market growth and half discreet wins and can you comment at all… 
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, it’s not materially different. 
Brett Kearney: Okay. Can you comment at all on who you might be getting share from or kind of the specific maybe product lines where you are seeing the wins there?
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, one of the big wins for us has been in the lease custody transfer market which is called LACT, where our Viking business has – they are a new product development and really market development. They just had a great year and they won some really large chunks of businesses. In terms of talking about competitors specifically, I won’t get into that, but that’s been a big win for them. And then again if you look at what’s happened, you know kind of across our portfolio with the cyclical upturn of those businesses have done well. But specifically within the pumps businesses, LACT has been a big driver for us. 
Brett Kearney: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Andy Silvernai: You bet.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to hand the call back over to management for closing comments. 
Andy Silvernail: Well, as always we appreciate your interest in IDEX. I am obviously very pleased with how our teams are performing, whether talking about our focus on organic growth, our discipline in utilizing our capital, our ability to drive margin expansion and cash flow, the team is just doing an outstanding job. So I look forward to talking to you here, to talk about the fourth quarter results in 90 days or so. I expect that we’ll finish the fourth quarter strong and look forward to position ourselves well for 2018.  So again, thanks for your time and your support and we’ll talk to you in 90 days. Take care. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Yates - IDEX Corp. Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp. William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.
Analysts: Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jeffrey Reive - RBC Capital Markets LLC R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC Matt J. Summerville - Alembic Global Advisors LLC Patrick Wu - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC Brett Kearney - GAMCO Investors, Inc. Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Q2 2017 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentations. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. Mr. Yates, you may begin.
Michael J. Yates - IDEX Corp.: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX second quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending June 30, 2017. And later today, we will file our 10-Q for the same period. The press release and the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: We will begin with Andy providing an overview of the second quarter financial results and an update on our markets and geographies. He'll then walk you through the operating performance of each of our segments. And then finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the third quarter and full-year 2017. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering the conference ID 13652252, or you may simply log on to the company's homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us here in our second quarter conference call. Look, the first and second quarters were very positive, and they produced strong results here in the first half of the year. And I'm pleased with the way the team continues to capitalize on the rebounding economy and successfully execute our growth strategy and is setting us up for what we think is going to be mid-single-digit organic growth here for all of 2017. In the second quarter, we had pretty broad-based overall performance. There are only a couple of pockets that were soft. But really as we think about the strength so far in our businesses and the sustained economic outlook, we think the operating results for the balance of the year are going to be very solid. As I mentioned, there are a few pockets of weakness in our portfolio, primarily around Midstream Energy. We've talked about this quite a bit in the last couple of calls, where the midstream really lagged the improvement in upstream. We are seeing – we have continued to see improvement in the upstream, but the midstream is still soft. But I will say that there's some evidence of a bottoming, and we're prepared for the market here to improve in the second half of the year. I'll provide more details as I walk through the markets and the segments here in a little bit. But overall, look, it was a strong quarter and we're very pleased with the results for the first half. Orders were really strong in all three segments. They were up 11% overall, 9% organically. HST delivered organic order growth of 11%, FMT had organic order growth of 9%, and FSD had organic growth of 7%. So all three segments really showing a nice order progress. We also built $12 million of backlog in the second quarter. And for those of you who have known the story for a long time, you'll know that, that is not typical for us. We typically burn our backlog in the second quarter. So this sets us up well here going into the second half. Organic revenue was up 3%, driven by HST, which was up 6% organically. And FMT, which was up 4% organically. FSD was down 1% organically in terms of sales for the quarter, but that was really entirely due to a project delay in the North American dispensing market. We did see a nice ratable increase in sales and orders throughout the quarter, and it's what we like to see as we move through the quarter, and we saw that strength as we moved from April to May to June. Flow through was 36.8% when we adjusted for the $2.6 million of net charges compared to the prior year. And look, the teams did an excellent job in the second quarter, and we saw that in the results. As I mentioned, organic orders and sales were up 9% and 3%, respectively. Op margin was 21.8%, which was up 110 basis points. EPS was $1.08, which was up $0.09 or 9% for the quarter, and free cash flow was $78 million. We increased our gross margin by 40 basis points to 44.8%. However, if we back out the $3.6 million of fair value inventory step-up compared to prior period, it was down about 30 basis points, and this is due to some increased investments in engineering that we had in the quarter, really, around accelerating growth and some – a few pockets of inefficiencies in our supply chain. That I'll talk about here in a few moments. We also increased our quarterly dividend by 9% to $0.37 in the second quarter. Let me take a minute here and as I usually do talk about what we're seeing in our markets and in the regions around the world. Industrial distribution, look, it continues to be steady. We see continuous signs of recovery, really, in all markets around the globe. Energy, as I mentioned, a minute ago, was a mixed bag. Upstream is strong, if you look at our BAND-IT and our Sealing businesses. But in FMT, in the midstream applications, it has generally lagged. And as I said, I think we're seeing a bottom, and I believe we'll see some improvement here in the back half. Ag has been a great story. Our Banjo business has been very strong, up double-digits so a really nice recovery. Life sciences – Scientific Fluidics and Optics continues to be a market stronghold for us. We've talked about a lot that the nice product cycle is moving through that industry right now, and we're doing well within that. Semicon has also been strong, and we're winning share there. Municipal end markets in both Water and Fire continue to be positive. If we turn to the regional look; North America, I think we all know that the silliness that we're seeing in the political landscape in the U.S., kind of regardless of that, we're continuing to lead the recovery around the world. We've seen strength in most of our markets including transportation, semicon, industrial distribution, agriculture, life sciences, and upstream oil and gas. Europe continues to improve. There are some pressures from the strengthening U.S. dollar, but generally in the core markets, those are doing well. Same can be said for Asia. There have been some stumbles in India with the change in tax laws, but we think that's a short-term thing, and we benefit from this going forward. So just a few comments on capital deployment before I get into the operating results and the segment discussions. Our strategy remains the same. We have an emphasis on long-term organic growth, disciplined M&A, consistent dividends, and opportunistic share repurchases. On the organic growth side, I think you're seeing the benefits of the investments we've been making. The teams have done an excellent job in terms of executing our strategies, around targeted growth and new product development, and we've seen strong organic growth certainly in the orders side for the first half of the year, and we think that plays out into the second half. Dividends, as I mentioned, we increased our dividend by 9% to $0.37 a quarter here in April. Share repurchases, we bought back about $2 million of stock in the quarter, 24,000 shares. And as you know, we think of share repurchases as a tool for driving long-term shareholder value for the company, and we'll do so when that makes sense. In terms of M&A, our funnel of opportunities is good, and has actually improved a little bit here through the second quarter, and we'll continue to look for and execute on deals that are going to drive long-term shareholder value. Our financial position is outstanding. We paid off our U.S. revolver here in the second quarter. Our debt-to-cap is 28%, our net leverage is 1.2 times, our gross leverage is 1.5 times. So you combine our balance sheet and our strong cash flows, and we are in a very nice position around capital deployment. Okay, let's switch gears here. Let's turn to Page 4, and let's talk to the financial results. In Q2, we had revenue that was $573 million. As I've mentioned, that was 4% – up 4% overall, 3% organically. That's driven by HST, which was up 6%, in terms of organic growth in FMT, which was up 4%. Orders were $586 million, which up 11% overall, 9% organically. As I mentioned before, all three segments delivered organic order growth: HST, up 11%; FMT, up 9%; FSD, up 7%. Q2 net income was $84 million. It was made for $1.08 a share, which was up $0.09 or 9% from the prior year. As we discussed in January, look, we're making growth investments, and we're committed to new product development and funding our growth initiatives around the world. In the first half, if you look at our engineering spend, which includes all aspects of engineering including R&D, our product engineering and applications engineering, that spend was up 14% year-over-year. Op margin was 21.8% for the quarter, up 110 basis points. And as I mentioned, this was really driven by volume leverage, benefits of our prior restructuring, and we did have also the benefit of a $2.6 million in cost from last year that we did not have this year. Free cash flow was $78 million, which was at 93% of net income. This was down slightly from the second quarter of last year compared – if you just look at the impact that were around tax payments. We had higher tax payments this second quarter versus last year. We did have a little bit of higher working capital as we're seeing some growth, although, our capital efficiency remains quite good. And we did have some increased CapEx. And just – I ask you to remember that on a year-to-date basis, our free cash flow was up 8% year-over-year. Okay, let's turn to the segment discussions. And we'll start with Fluid & Metering. I'm on Slide 5. For the second quarter in a row, FMT had a very solid quarter. Organic orders and sales were up 9% and 4%, respectively. Op margin was up 270 basis points, primarily due to volume leverage on the organic growth, some impacts of our restructuring savings and also little bit lower amortization. Water remains a good story; we have strength in our U.S. distribution and municipal end markets. Sales were actually up on an apples-to-apples basis, but on a reported basis, they were down a little bit. Just remember, we did have some divestitures in that area. The team has done just an outstanding job around new product development, which continues to drive the organic growth success. If you look at industrial fluids, the Pump businesses, the Viking and Warren Rupp, in particular, very strong double-digit increases year-over-year. Our targeted growth initiatives around LACT skids in upstream oil and gas with the Viking brands has been just outstanding and the industrial markets overall are solid. The Valves business is stable and improving. We have seen orders and sales growth a little bit offset by FX as the dollar has strengthened against the euro. Energy, I've already talked about. But in particular, the LPG mobile market, we have seen softness. We are seeing what we believe is a bottom there. So we think we will see some improvement here in the second half. And our aviation project funnel is in really good shape, and I think positions the business well here in the back half of 2017. Agriculture, a good story through the second quarter, it got better in the first quarter – rather it got better in the second. And we think we're going to continue to see strong global demand and double-digit orders and sales growth. With that, let's turn to Health & Science. I'm on Slide 6. Similar to FMT, HST had two strong – has had two strong quarters in a row of organic order growth, it was up 11% in the quarter and sales were up 6% over last year. Op margin was up 60 basis points, mainly due to restructuring activities and higher volume. The Life Science and Optics businesses, Fluids and Optics, really strong across our major markets, AI, Bio IVD and DNA sequencing. As we've talked about, there's a nice overall new product funnel that is coming into the marketplace, and we have won share on most major platforms; so it's a good story for us. Our Sealings business, we're seeing record levels of production in our Blackburn facility in England. We've had organic orders and revenues up double digits there. The SFC acquisition is exceeding our plan, and we're ahead of our original deal model. As I mentioned, the semicon market continues to be strong as is oil and gas and our investment in a new facility in Texas here has proven to be a winner for us. And we are seeing some life in the heavy-equipment market, so some improvement there. HST industrial overall, that marketplace is stable and the Material Process technology, we're seeing strength in pharma and nutrition. We have finished our site consolidation, which did drive some inefficiencies here in the second quarter, but we think we cleaned that up going into the third quarter and the back-end of the year and really start to pivot towards growth in those businesses. I'm on the last segment, Diversified, I'm on Slide 7, had organic orders up 7% for the quarter. Organic sales were down 1% and really, entirely due to a delay in an order in dispensing. Operating margins were up 80 basis points, primarily due to the inventory step-up for Akron Brass, partially offset by dilutive impact to margins – excuse me, from the dilutive impact of margins from prior year acquisitions. In terms of dispensing, we did have a relatively large order. We talked about last quarter, it got pushed out, and so we did not recognize that order or sales in the second quarter. And we have seen the X-SMART product start to plateau. That's has been really a home run for us, but we are starting to see reaching peak levels there. And so as we look at our new product initiatives that are coming out in the back half of the year, that should help us accelerate growth in this platform in the future. The Asian and European markets are performing better than expected in dispensing, although we are seeing some impact from FX. In terms of Fire & Safety, excellent wins in rescue tools and fire pumps. Another strong quarter here for this group. OEM and municipal markets, while they are solid themselves, we are absolutely winning share. The European market has had some recovery. In the Akron Brass and AWG, we are well on our way of delivering on our promise of 500 basis points of margin improvement in those businesses. And then, finally, BAND-IT. Look, we had really good quarter for BAND-IT. We saw a rebound in energy, and we've continued to win share. Transportation and the industrial markets have done well, and so we're seeing a nice bounce back here for BAND-IT. All right. I'm on final slide here, Slide 8, and I'll give you an update on Q3 and full year guidance. So for Q3, we think EPS is going to be $1.04 to $1.06. Organic revenue is expected to be about 6%, operating margin's around 21.8%. The Q3 tax rate should be about 26.5%. FX we think will be flat for the quarter, and corporate costs should be about $17 million. For the year, based on the first half performance, the strength of our order intake in Q2 and I think a solid overall rebound in the markets. We're expecting to take our full-year guidance up. We were at $4 to $4.10, and we're taking that now, $4.18 to $4.23. We're also increasing our full-year organic revenue expectations to 5%, and full-year operating margin to about 21.8%. We expect FX to have less than 1% headwind for us for the year. Corporate costs should be around $68 million and free cash flow at about 120% of net income. Finally, as always, we have not included the impact of any future acquisitions or potential cost of restructurings that may happen here in the future. With that, let me pause, Doug, operator, I'll turn it over to you, and we'll open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hey, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Andy, just want to talk – you talked or mentioned quite a bit, market share gains driving some of that order acceleration pretty much across all the segments, and you guys have done a lot of investing over the years to get to this point. Is there any way to help us understand, I mean, I know it might be a little difficult, in terms of market share gains, is it 1%, is it 2% above market? Any generalization or color that you can give us there?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. I think we actually did a little bit of work here, maybe a little bit deeper than we had in the past, in advance to this call, we assume that this would be something people want to talk about. From an order perspective, if we – we broke it down along our major businesses, and what we are estimating is about half of what we're seeing in order growth is coming from market and about half is discrete win that we can put our finger on, kind of, really clearly that we can walk through. You've got some big ones around – some big wins that have happened in – around Life Sciences, in the Scientific Fluidics & Optics. You've got some other big wins around Viking, the LACT skids investment has been a big win for us, our Water businesses generally. There, it's more kind of singles, buns and singles that we're winning. It's not one big new product but you add that up together, and those are some good numbers. So those three areas, in particular, are the big drivers. But right now, if you look at that 9% organic order growth, we think about half of it is market and about half of it is discretely from our initiatives.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's great. And then, as I look to the segment margins in the context of your overall corporate margin targets out there for the – your outlook, is there any mix – outside of volume, any mix issues either way by segment that we should be wary of as we do our models here?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I don't think so, Allison. It was – the overall mix equation was pretty stable for the most part. So if you kind of look at how few things played out, it had some pretty big puts and takes within HST. And what I mean by that is, you had really strong growth in life sciences, which is better-than-average margins, and you also had really strong growth in Sealing, which is a little bit lower, just because they have more amortization there. And then we did have some inefficiencies, as I said in supply chain. If you look at where those came to, it was about $3 million of inefficiencies that we can put our finger on as we saw some growth accelerate, and we had to do some catch up in supply chain, mostly around HST. But we think we'll get those cleaned up through the balance of the year.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thanks. That's helpful.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'm going to follow-up a little bit on Allison's growth investment questions there. Last couple three years, you guys have made a concerted effort to invest more in these growth initiatives. Is there more that you can do there, are you constrained by manpower, are you constrained by manufacturing capability, given that you're going to have higher growth here, you're going to generate more cash, are you looking at making more investments to try and drive these growth rates higher?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You know, Nathan, part of what you saw in the engineering expenses for the year, that was actually a little bit above our expectation as the year has gone on and we performed better than our earlier expectations. We have put – we put even more money there. I don't see huge constraints in the intermediate-term. In the short term, you may have some constraints around people and engineering, just capacity. And so we're starting to alleviate some of that. But I think we've really taken the point of view consistently that we're going to fully fund. And so it's not something we really – we've backed off on. So manufacturing constraints, I don't see that very much. Maybe some short-term around engineering that we're working to alleviate. And then I think supply chain, as we've talked about, really though, last quarter, we started talking about it, maybe even the quarter before. Supply chain, I think, will become, it will become the kind of bottleneck. It's something that we're all going to be able to get our arms around. And certainly in areas that we start growing over and above the 9% in order growth, we have seen some strains there. And we got to make sure that we stay ahead of that curve.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: And Nathan, this is Bill. The only thing I'd add is, right. Obviously, we want to go very deep on a limited number of initiatives. I think we've seen the success based upon prioritizing the critical few. So there's a lot around our focus around a small number of initiatives versus expanding the funnel and putting our toe on a bunch of different pools.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good point, very good point.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Over the years, Andy, you've always said that it's easy to ramp your business up than it is to ramp it down?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And you're in an area here now, which is increased organic growth outlook where you're going to have to ramp the business up a little bit. Are there any costs that you need to add back in that might depress incrementals a little bit in the short-term or anything like that?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes. I mean, a little bit, Nathan, but I wouldn't expect us to be underneath that 35% target. I can't see why that would be the case. So if you constrain – I said this many times, if you constrain your spending, and you get a quick ramp up, then, obviously, the incrementals can be big. I think we have enough visibility, and we are targeting enough areas that we should see incrementals to be healthy, north of that 35% range. But I don't want to hamper our spending to get five more points of incremental in the quarter when we're really kind of thinking about the long-term here.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You've said the incrementals go higher as the organic revenue growth goes higher.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Now that we're getting into that 6% range, is there the potential for us to start pushing towards the number that's starts with a 4?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: It's possible, again, Nathan, I'm not – if I've got to make trade-offs, right, which I'm making sure that we're continuing to reach investment, to maximize our investment around very, very high return projects, we're delivering a 45% incremental, I'll trade of the investments, right, because I'll take that very attractive 35% with promise for greater long-term growth than a short term 40% or 45%.
Nathan Hardie Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Fair enough. That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning, Mike.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: So, last few quarters, you've kind of grown increasingly positive or at least increasingly constructive on the environment, but there's always been that cautionary note, uncertainty in the forward look. This quarter seems like other than maybe a comment on the political landscape here, not much uncertainty tingeing your comments. So some thoughts on sustainability as you see it going forward from here, obviously, a lot of momentum in the short-term...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: ...but you clearly pulled your commentary more positive. So, some thoughts going from here?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. So if you remember last quarter, my hesitancy was really around two things. One was, what I'll call the geopolitical risks that are out there; and the second was really around that we had not started to see sustained investments in larger things. Those are the two things that kind of gave me caution. I would put the geopolitical silliness at the exact same level than before. I don't think it's gotten better and I don't think it's gotten particularly worse. What I would say is, we are starting to see some more structural investment by industrially, not necessarily via governments, but we are starting to see some of that. And so that gives me some more confidence. And we're starting to see some of the businesses that had lagged bottom. I think the midstream energy is a good example of that. And so I do – I feel better that the balance of this year and probably into early 2018, there's more visibility than I think we had six months ago.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And what was the cadence like through the quarter? Pretty consistent or did you see a ramp that was different from seasonality?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: It was the normal ramp that we would see, Mike, but it wasn't a big hockey stick, which is good, right?
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: And so it was – if you actually went through, it was the orders were $183 million, $196 million, $207 million. That's how they went April, May, June. And sales were $174 million, $189 million, $210 million. And so that's a very normal pattern for us. And so that's a pretty good sign. If it was $150 million then $250 million at either ends of the barbell, you might be a little more worried. But that was a good pattern.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That makes sense. Last one then, just how do you view the actionability of your acquisition pipeline right now?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: It's good question, Mike. We've got more in the pipeline and there's more things further down than we've had in a little while. The thing that gives me pause is a number of things we've seen. We've seen prices really run at the last minute. And you just know how we feel about that. And so this is more stuff further down than we were talking here 90 days ago, but I think there's still a lot of volatility in getting things over the line just because of the nature of the marketplace.
Mike P. Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Makes sense. Appreciate the time.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet, Mike. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Reive - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, good morning. This is Jeff on for Deane.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning.
Jeffrey Reive - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Can you touch on the dispensing order that was delayed?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Jeffrey Reive - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Could you possibly size that, and do you expect to see that come in the third quarter or the fourth quarter?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes, we talked about it in the last quarter. It's in the $5 million range, plus or minus. So it's certainly meaningful to the overall dispensing business and meaningful to the FSD segment. Obviously, it's less meaningful to the company as a whole. But we expected that. We're 90 days behind where we thought would be, to be honest with you, and we're hoping that will – there's no reason we believe it won't happen. But this is where we've got to work with our customers for what's best for them in terms of their own timing. So there's no reason to believe the order won't happen, and it won't turn into sales, but the timing is delayed.
Jeffrey Reive - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right. And then maybe when you guys look at your forward-looking indicators, what are you most optimistic about going forward for the second half of the year and into 2018?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes. I'll say three things. One is the broad-based nature, right? So, because if you look at our portfolio, we are so diversified and we touch so many end markets that when you see it as broad-based at this, that's a good sign, right? It's a good sign of a healthy and improving economy; that's number one. Number two, we can very clearly pick out where we are driving incremental revenue, and where we're seeing the wins coming from, discrete actions that have been in place for a long period of time. So for me, that's very important. And then the final one is the work that we've done around segmenting our businesses and really understanding how and where we're going to compete. It makes me believe, and actually know, that the revenue that we're looking at is high-quality revenue. It's high return, high-margin, high return revenue. And I think it's a good overall story for IDEX within what I'll call an improving environment.
Jeffrey Reive - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, all.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning, Scott.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Very nice work.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So the two questions I have, the first is on pricing. Would you kind of size that for us, Andy, and maybe also indicate which businesses were sort of above that or below that kind of thing?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes, Scott, the story is really not different than what's been. We're still between 0.5 and 1 point in price across our businesses. The FMT businesses have done – typically get more price. HST, we've got larger customer concentration, a lot of multi-year contracts. And so we tend not to get as much price, so it will be negligible. It'll be positive, but negligible. And then FSD is kind of in the middle. So that pattern really hasn't changed. There's nothing materially different.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got you. And then the other question is on sort of the fixed businesses, and I know that number we've thrown around at about 25% in sales.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I'm just kind of wondering where the margins are in some of those individual businesses to where you think that there might be a sales funding opportunity perhaps later this year, 2018, and which businesses would those be?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You mean to sell the businesses?
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): No, no. You were – it doesn't sound like you're going to sell much more.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: No, no.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So we're going to move into funding of those businesses?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Ohh. I'm sorry, I got it. I apologize I didn't understand that. So look, we've made great progress. We look at this monthly in terms of the discrete actions of improving profitability, and we are at/or ahead of plan in terms of our profit improvement for those businesses. As you know, we graduated a bunch of businesses last year into – out of that bucket and into one or the other growth buckets. And I expect we'll do that, again, this year. So we're making a lot of progress. To answer your question, look, we're on/or ahead of schedule in terms of margin improvement in those, and we expect to graduate some and move them into growth category or the outperformed category. As you know, we've kind of said, look, you only get two years in that bucket. So Bill, anything you would add there?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Yes, just a reminder, about a third of that bucket is our new acquisitions, right? So we continue to deal, you always see that fixed bucket as a certain percentage of our businesses and the two Fire assets that we bought last year are both on track, that 500 basis points. So about year and a half in on Akron and about a year in on AWG, and those are progressing nicely. And SFC is really more about growth story. We're implementing the operating model. Just to capture a few efficiencies on their side.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Absolutely.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: So we'll probably see those three graduate here at the end of the year.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes, yes.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And if we were to look at, let's say, first quarter of next year, what would that percent of fixed would be down to?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I'd need to look at that.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: And plus it's going to vary depending on how many deals we can potentially close this year.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: If you – Scott, don't hold me to this, but if you neutralized for no more acquisitions, let's just say you didn't add it, you're probably somewhere – it goes into the 15% to 20% range. So call it 10 points or so of that bucket move out into one of the other buckets. So we're making the progress we had hoped to make.
R. Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Very good. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey from Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning, all.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hey, just wanted to come back to Akron Brass and the AWG. I mean it sounds like you're making good margin progression on those businesses.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: But if you are just to isolate those two assets, how did or how has the organic growth profile been over the front half of the year?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: It's actually been really good. It's exceeded our expectations compared to what we went to with the model. So now it's a little bit hard to discretely pick out the organic growth because we have started to put together the sales channels, and you are starting to put the businesses together. So as we go forward, it will get more difficult to pick out exactly what's the difference between Fire – our legacy fire and Akron-AWG because they're going to be coming together. So probably by the end of this year, we actually won't talk discreetly about those. But there are at/or above our expectations.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And then Andy, maybe just speaking to the M&A question a little bit different. I mean, in terms of the funnel, and as you look at the strategic pillars between private equity to the carve-outs, the internally cultivated, how does the funnel compare and contrast between those particular areas, and where do you see the most opportunity?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: So the most volatility – but when you look at over time, right, and you say how much do one of those pillars change in terms of going into the funnel, the work that we do with private companies remains really steady, right? That doesn't change very much regardless of the environment. And the reason for that is typically the impetus for selling is a family event rather than an economic event. And so, you see less volatility there. So what we see, specifically, in our funnel now is you're seeing more private equity. That's the biggest change, meaning private equity folks coming to market. And selectively more corporates looking at some small divestitures. Those would be the two biggest things that have changed over time, and those are more driven by market conditions, right? So improvement in their overall businesses and strength in the seller's environment.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And then just one little cleanup here. What was the size of the contingent consideration? I know these aren't abnormal...
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: It was $1 million.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: It was $1 million.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, yeah.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Is that in the corporate books or the segment level?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: No, that was last year, the contingent consideration.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. I see. So you're...
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: You're calling out the comp. Okay.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Brett Logan Linzey - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's all for me.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from Alembic Global Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Matt J. Summerville - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Thanks. A couple questions. First on FMT, when you look at, kind of, the absolute revenue level in the second quarter of this year versus last, pretty similar operating profit power, about $6 million, which, margins up very nicely as well. Can you sort of talk about what that step function improvement is being driven by? Is it a combination – obviously you have higher volume? Were the divestitures really not making money so you have accretion there? I guess, I'm trying to get a sense for is this a new baseline? We've had four quarters in a row, who will say average 27%. Is this a new baseline for that segment?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes, it is. I think the 27% is a good new baseline. You've got a few things that have happened in there that have driven it. And it's a nice combination. So the divestitures were lower margin, overall. So that certainly did help to some degree. But it was small. The big things you have is you've got the impact of the fix businesses, and you've got the rebound in Warren Rupp, Viking and Banjo that are all very nice businesses in terms of their profit profile and contribution. So you put those three things together, and that's the difference.
Matt J. Summerville - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: And then, with respect to the HST business, you mentioned a couple times in your prepared remarks how the industry is going through, sort of, a new product cycle, if you will. Can you – is there a way to describe how significant that is to IDEX over what timeframe you see this kind of ramping up, and then at some point I would imagine there's sort of a leveling off.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Matt J. Summerville - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: How we should expect that to manifest itself?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, the way I would characterize it, you're talking about plus or minus about 15% of our business, right, that's kind of square in that area, that's looking against that new product cycle. I think it's pretty – from our visibility, it's pretty healthy year 2017, 2018 and even into 2019, assuming commercial success, right? We're assuming that our customers are going to have commercial success, and if you assume that, you can see some pretty good picture for us. Not at this kind of rates, right? So double digit organic growth in that area, that's too high. That was an anomaly in those businesses, but we do expect to see north of mid-single-digit organic growth on a compounded basis here for a little while. So that's kind of the impact. The driver of that is, you've got a lot happening in each of those worlds, whether it's the impact of mass spec on analytical instrumentation, the impact of the amount of testing and the exactness of testing in In Vitro Diagnostics and Bio and certainly, DNA sequencing. Those all have good trends compared to say maybe the last three or four years, where that was a little more soft. So hopefully that will dimensionalize it for you.
Matt J. Summerville - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charley Brady with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Wu - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi, guys. This is actually Patrick Wu standing in for Charley. Thanks for taking my question.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hi, Patrick.
Patrick Wu - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Just I wanted to visit the margin profiles a little bit, each of the segments. Obviously, you guys laid out sort of the ranges, I think a couple of quarters ago. With organic growth sort of improving, I don't know if it's to the expectations that you guys have also orders – organic orders up 9% this quarter. Is it time you guys think that want to revisit the targets and things like that? Is there a room for maybe on the higher end of that to exit the year or maybe even be sort of, I guess, above that range?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I don't think so. I think what we've laid out is very consistent, right? We've kind of said, FMT, we're talking somewhere in that 27% range; HST is 23%, and FSD 25%, plus or minus. I think our expectations through the year – they capture what we believe will be the flow-through that allows us to invest at the rate we want to and still get incremental margin expansion at a healthy rate. I don't think there's – I don't believe there's a big upside here that you guys and we haven't captured to any degree.
Patrick Wu - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, that's fair. And obviously, I think you touched upon a little bit in the last question. With a lot of focus on organic investments even throughout the downturn, what percentage of your sales are from new product developed over the last 12 to 18 months now? And sort of where do you guys see that number going, let's say in 2018?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, so, Patrick, we actually spend very little time looking at that. And I've actually pushed really hard to eliminate what a lot of people call vitality index. And the reason I do is that our business actually thrives because we have very long product life cycles and the defensibility of that is really tremendous. And so I think in the nature of our business, when you put in targets like that, what happens is people start to chase an artificial metric versus thinking about the long term and building the business. And so if you just kind of think of the equation for winning for IDEX, if we outpace our underlying markets by north of 200 basis points on an ongoing basis, the compounding effect of that, the impact of earnings and margins and return on capital is just outstanding. And so our focus is how do we invest to beat our markets by a couple hundred basis points a year. And if we do that consistently, we got a winner.
Patrick Wu - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. And just one final housekeeping one. Maybe I have missed it earlier, but the dispensing order that got pushed out, was that captured in the order growth for the segment this quarter? Or was that not in there yet?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: No, that was not.
Patrick Wu - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hey, Joe.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Good morning.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Just wanted to catch up maybe on China a little bit. A lot of headlines about the housing sector there and maybe some curves trying to go into restraint pricing and investment. How do you view the level of activity there? How sustainable do you think it is? And how are you guys trying to position yourselves ahead of maybe some government regulations that might be going in over there?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes, so China generally has improved for us. We'd had a couple of soft years in China. And overall, it's actually done a little bit better. In terms of major regulations that are going to impact it, there's nothing that we see there's going to be a major driver. And remember, when all said and done, we're talking about 5% to 6% of sales. So I don't think it's going to be a huge driver to overall success, but I don't see a major inflection point.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Anything specifically on some of your, like, Fire businesses or anything like that on the municipal side over there?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes, yes. So we've actually had real success here this year, specifically in our Rescue business. As you know, the Rescue business had been soft for really two years. And this year, we've seen some significant improvement. We are actually launching a series of new products for the Fire business out of our Dinglee business, and we think those will be quite successful. But I think we're still early days.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Kearney from Gabelli. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Kearney - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning.
Brett Kearney - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Thanks for taking my call. Just want to ask at a high level how you guys are thinking about your capital allocation priority in this current environment, I guess, given the robust acquisition pipeline you mentioned, kind of balanced against the new product opportunities that you guys have right now.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes, one of the things that I feel very passionate about, and also very fortunate, is we're not capital constrained when it comes to growth investments, organic growth investments. We do not hold back, we fully fund our organic growth investments, fortunate to have the kind of free cash flow. So through thick and thin, we're going to maximize that and push as hard as we can to drive new market development, new product development, et cetera. And so that's going to be priority one, and it's always going to be priority one in our business because the returns on capital are outstanding and the defensibility of those cash flows long term are outstanding. Secondly, we want you guys to have a consistent view of what dividends are going to be, so kind of 30%, 35% of net income. And then it really comes down to M&A and share repurchase. And so our first priority after those things is going to be, hey, how do we put money to work strategically around building our platforms of businesses that are going to have the same kind of characteristics that we have today. And then, if the market presents the opportunity, to buy back our shares and drive shareholder value in a differentiated way, we'll do so. So we pivot back and forth there. But with all that, patience, to me, is absolutely critical. And so when you're in a marketplace of very high valuations and what I think is oftentimes irrationality around pricing, being patient, being willing to build cash for a period of time and then taking advantage of opportunities when they present themselves aggressively, I think, is the way to do it. So there'll be times when we'll build cash, when it's prudent to do and there'll be times when we get really aggressive, and we deploy capital towards acquisitions or share repurchase when it makes sense.
Brett Kearney - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much, Andy.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bhupender Bohra with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Good morning, Bhupender.
Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC: My question is around HST. Now, I believe that business, about 30% to 40% of the business is kind of industrial focused here.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes.
Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC: Could you give us some color on the – I mean, the orders have been pretty nice and strong for this quarter, like 11% and if you can give us some color on the industrial part of the business, how MPT and some of the sealing platform businesses are doing?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes. So if you kind look at, if i were going to rack and stack the orders in the second quarter, kind of who did what in that world, the life sciences group was – well, actually Sealing and Life Sciences are kind of neck and neck both in the double-digit territory, and we had a pretty tough comp around MPT, but also remember, we told you when we did that facility consolidation with our Materials Process, there was a good chunk of business, around $10 million a year that we're going to walk from. And we saw that here in the quarter as we expected it. And then the industrial stuff is kind of in the middle, right, in the middle between those two things but generally pretty good across the board and certainly, at/or above our expectations.
Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC: And how was the cadence of the orders like? If you can just talk about HST, and maybe the FMT and FSD through the quarter and if you're seeing any different like in July we are – like three weeks in July right now, so...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes, nothing different from what I answered before. I'm not sure if you heard when I think Mike asked the question earlier. So we saw an order pattern that was what you'd expect throughout the quarter and nothing surprising. No big hockey stick, which is good, and July, generally, is at our expectation, Bill, nothing really surprising, right?
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: No.
Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC: Okay, got it. Thanks a lot.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Giannakouros with Oppenheimer & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hi, Jim.
William K. Grogan - IDEX Corp.: Hi Jim.
Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Sorry, I hopped on a little late here so sorry if you've covered it, so I fully understand you're seeing broad-based strength across your portfolio and, obviously, that's a nice anchor to your, I guess, your confidence in just your organic progression going forward. But how would you rank order major end markets by your confidence level in, I guess, sustainable growth, appreciating we're in very different innings of different cycles, whether it be Water, Muni, Ag, General, Industrial or Gas, etcetera?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yes, well, I guess, you want to talk sustainability and level, right? Because those two things could be different. So as an example, I think that if you look at Muni, I think the sustainability is going to be pretty good, right, but it's going to be at lower levels. I think the life sciences based businesses; they probably have the longest lights that we can see here a little bit. Our Sealing business is really well-positioned. If you look at how they are winning, yes, some of their markets are improving but they are winning some really nice chunks of market share that should be sustainable going out. And then you got some things that are more cyclically driven, although we are doing our own. So if you look at what's going on with Banjo, Warren Rupp, those are more cyclically driven. What's happening to Viking is cyclical, but also we're winning some big chunks of business from discrete actions. So, there is a little bit – then the energy stuff is – we're really kind of at this – at cyclical point where I think we get some improvement in the midstream. That's how I break it down.
Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to management for closing comments.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Well, thank you all very much. As we come to a close of this call, obviously, we've had some strength specifically in our order book and, I think, good results. And just acknowledging the team here throughout IDEX, and our 7000-plus associates have done a great job of really grabbing onto a differentiated way of running this business, which is thinking about deep segmentation, making focused investments to grow the business and then real rigor around capital deployment, all kind of within the values that we've laid out here at IDEX and how we execute with our operating model. I just want to thank them for a great job, and I think positioning ourselves for success in the long-term. And also thank you to each of you, the analysts and our investors; I appreciate your time and attention to the company and understanding the company and your support. And we look forward to talking to here in 90 days. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates - Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Andrew Silvernail - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William Grogan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Adam Farley - Stifel Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Matt Summerville - Alembic Global Advisors Brett Linzey - Vertical Research Partners Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Michael Yates: Great. Thank you, Brenda. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX first quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three months period ending March 31, 2017. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our company’s Web site at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview of the first quarter financial results and an update on what we have seen in the world. He will then walk you through the operating performance at each of our segments, and finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the second quarter and full year 2017. Following the prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13652253, or you may simply log on to the company’s home page for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody. I appreciate you joining us here for our first quarter conference call. Obviously, I am pleased with the results here for the quarter. It’s the first time and literally two years that we have had this kind of strong organic revenue growth, and we did see improvement overall throughout our businesses and the team is executing extremely well. As you know, we have been talking here for some time about the difficult market conditions, specifically in our industrial and in our energy markets. And I have been very pleased how our teams have tackled this over the last couple of years in this industrial recession. They have faced these pressures, they have delivered good results in the face of the challenges, and we are starting to see some recovery. In the first quarter, we saw evidence of this, really started in the third quarter of last year, we started to see a little bit of rebound in the late part of the third quarter, particularly in the North American industrial markets. And the improvements that we saw here in the first quarter was broad-based across most of our markets. This, on the industrial side, has been coupled with the continued strength in our life sciences, in our scientific businesses, and with this -- kind of all this coming together, we have a more favorable outlook for the balance of the year. Obviously, I am going to talk in depth here in a few minutes about what we are seeing inside of our businesses, but before that I thought I would take a look at what's going on in the markets and the regions. For the first quarter, we had -- I guess you get a really clear view of what we can deliver when you combine our ability to execute with some improved market conditions. We had organic revenue growth that was up 5%, really driven by outstanding execution in FMT which was up 6% organically, and HST which was up 5% and both of these delivered robust order growth as well. We had 5% order growth, organic order growth at FMT and 8% organic order growth at HST. FSD, a little bit of a different picture. We had 1% organic revenue growth. We had orders down 11% on an organic basis, but if you sieve [ph] through this, it's really due to some tough comps and the movement of some things late in the first quarter into the second quarter. So, overall, with FSD, no real concerns with the underlying order pattern. So, obviously, we are optimistic. We do remain a little bit cautious and I'm going to talk about that in a second. Some of the things that I think are out there that we just need to be mindful of. But our teams did a great job in the quarter. Overall, organic order growth was up 2% and organic revenue growth was up 5%, as I mentioned. Op margin was at 21.8%, which was up 120 basis points. Adjusted EPS was $1.03 which was up $0.14 or 16%. Cash flow was up 21% to $75 million, and I think importantly we did build $15 million of backlog in the quarter. Also in the quarter we did have about $5 million of restructuring cost, mainly around site consolidation, and this is all in support of the strategies that we have outlined about building some scale in our businesses and really driving long term competitive advantage, and our balance sheet is in great shape. We ended the quarter at about 1.7 times gross leverage and obviously very strong free cash flow. So taking a look at what's going on in the market in the regions around the world, first on the industrial side. As I mentioned, the industrial markets have improved across our regions. Importantly, in the North American industrial distribution, we had strength in the fourth quarter, late in the fourth quarter that has continued throughout the first quarter and really the first sustained rebound that we have seen here in some time. Energy remains somewhat mixed. Upstream has been good and we see that in our Band-It, in our sealing business, but as you know, that’s a pretty small part of our overall business. The midstream has remained pretty muted. You will see strength in aviation, in our mobile business, but overall as you look at truck build, those are down, had a very warm winter, and so that’s really been a mix. And that tends to lag anyway. Agriculture, we started to see signs of recovery. We started at the end of last year. I think it will be a slow pace, but generally the signs are positive. In scientific [fluidics] [ph], life sciences generally, continued strength in IVD, bio-analytical instrumentation and optics. And then finally on municipal. The trends have continued, kind of a steady Eddie market place and I think that will continue to be relatively decent for us. In terms of regions. North America really led the recovery. We saw strength across most businesses, most markets. And so those are favorable. In Europe, the conditions are also improved. Auto and housing have really been the two things that have led there. And generally we haven't seen any negative impact from Brexit, so a decent market in Europe. And then in Asia, the good story that we have had in India has continued and we did see some positive turn in China. So all this kind of adds up to some pretty good news and a more positive outlook certainly than we have had in some time, but I did want to talk about just a word of caution. So, obviously, we are happy with the broad-based improvements in the markets. Our team is executing very well. But I do want to be clear that I'm cautious about the overall outlook, and I am, as my personal view, is that the financial markets and the M&A markets have really fully priced in. That's good news. And the good news of improving demand, confidence levels are up. Obviously, low interest rates. And really up until the last week or so, I would say that the policy improvements of the U.S. had also been [prized] [ph], whether a tax reforms or infrastructure spending. While I don’t think that a lot of the risks have really been fully accounted for the the potential issues that are out there, that could impact demand. And I think it's important to note, whether it's political conflict or policy gridlock in the U.S., or really what has turned into a regular unpredictable U.S. domestic and foreign policy. And the reason I mention this, it's not that we have any control and we are certainly not experts at any of this, but I think it creates volatility. So as I look at the back half of the year, it's still pretty hard to get your head around some of these major impacts that could happen out there. So I am pleased to the start with 2017. The outlook has improved. But I think we have to be mindful not to get over our skies for IDEX to control what we can control and understand both the upside and the downside of the full risk and reward basket. Okay. Let me talk a little bit about capital deployment. Obviously, it's a big piece to our overall story and our strategy remains the same with a focus on long-term organic growth investments, disciplined M&A, consistent dividends, and opportunistic share repurchases. On the organic growth side, we believe that we have meaningfully outpaced our markets obviously in this quarter but also during the industrial recession. We took share in many of our businesses. And so we have been committed to invest for long-term organic growth. That commitment is not going to change. We believe that superior organic growth is the key value driver in our company, and we are going to continue to invest in projects and people that make the most strategic sense to us. And that the series of investments that we talked about in detail on our last call, those have started. And we have really committed ourselves to making sure we are making the investments going forward. In terms of dividends, our policy of being in that 30% to 35% range. We are going to continue to be there over time. Share repurchases, we nibbled a little bit around the edges here in the first quarter, pretty small numbers, 82,000 shares that were bought back. And as you all know, we have a very disciplined methodology of how we think about share repurchases. It's about driving long-term value for our shareholders and we are going to keep that discipline. In terms of M&A, the M&A funnel is solid. Not different from what we talked about here a few months ago. And we are continuing to work that funnel. Prices obviously continue to be elevated and so we are going to be selective and targeted and make sure that we put money to work in ways that are going to create shareholder value. And obviously we are in a position with our balance sheet and our cash flow to execute that strategy fully here going forward. All right. Let me turn to the first quarter results. I am on Slide 4. Revenue in the quarter was $544 million, which was up 10% in total, 5% organically. As I mentioned, it was driven by 6% and 5% organic numbers in FMT and HST. It's worth mentioning, as I did earlier, this is the first time we have seen organic revenue growth since the end of 2014. So, obviously, I am very pleased by that. Orders were up 8% at $569 million, 2% organically. As I have mentioned earlier, FMT was up 5%, HST was up 8%. And so the underlying business have nice, strong order rates here as we move into the second quarter. We also have built $15 million of backlog in the quarter. The team did an excellent job of executing and March was a particularly strong month for us. And obviously you have seen with the flow through to the bottom line, they have done a nice job. When you adjust for $5 million of restructuring, op margin was at 21.8%, which was up 120 basis points. And obviously I am pleased with the strong execution by our teams. Cash flow was a great story. Up 21%, $75 million. Net income at $75 million or $0.99 on a GAAP basis and $1.03 or up $0.14, up 16% for the year on an adjusted basis. All right. Let me turn now to the different segments. I am on Slide 5 and we will start with fluid metering. So FMT had an excellent quarter. As I mentioned before, sales and orders were up 5% and 6% respectively. Op margin, when you adjust for $1.6 million of restructuring, was up 300 basis point in the quarter. Obviously great results and you are seeing the benefit of the restructure of that overall cost structure within FMT and the impacts that you get from the volume leverage when you see the business turn. Water continues to be a very good story. Municipal and industrial markets are solid. We are seeing some seasonal trends that point towards a good second quarter for that team. And in particular, I think they have done some of the best work in the company around new product development. So we have got a couple of new products here that have been launched that I think are going to be good news for water here throughout 2017 and into the future. In terms of industrial fluids. Obviously, all the trends that I talked about impact that business probably as much as any within IDEX. We have see nice increases in North American distribution. An uptick in upstream oil and gas, albeit a small piece. And then some firming in Europe in the gulf region. So a decent improvement there in industrial fluids. Energy, I already mentioned earlier. Aviation business, the project funnel is very healthy and the stationary market is doing well. The mobile market which is really around LPG, has been softer and really should be, we expect it will be through the balance of the year. And then Ag, as I mentioned before, nice start to the year. We have seen some improvements, it's a good sign. But we think that will be overall, relatively slow improvement. I am on Slide 6 now. Let talk about health and science. So like FMT, strong first quarter. Organic orders are up 8%. Revenue was up 5%. If you exclude the $3 million of restructuring charges, HST had a 90 basis point increase in the quarter. One of the questions I would assume we are going to get is why that actually wasn’t a bigger increase in margins. And that’s really due to the mix of businesses within that portfolio here in the second quarter. But still very nice performance obviously. Life science and optics. The analytical instrumentation business, bio IVD end markets, all continue to be solid. And we are seeing really nice business wins in new products through the combination of fluidics and optics. Sealing had a great quarter. Our acquisition of SFC has turned out quite nicely along with some very nice business wins in the semi-con market by our sealing team. We made a substantial investment a few years ago in new capacity in the United States, really to allow us to attack the semicon and the energy markets and that is paying off well. Just as kind of an interesting note, in terms of volume in our Brenham, Texas facility is up ten times what it was this time last year. Now, albeit that was a start up volume but they have just done terrific job of getting up the speed and servicing some very demanding and important customers. On the industrial side, much like FMT, a nice pickup in industrial distribution in North America in particular. And then in our materials process business, pharma and the nutrition markets have been decent and our consolidation of a number of those sites into one significant site in North America is going quite well. All right, our last segment. I am on Slide 7 and we will talk about diversified. Organic orders were down 11% in the quarter and sales were up 1%. Just, I think this is an important note because I am sure we will get some questions on this too. Really the order decrease was relative to a very strong order book last year in our dispensing business that we are going to comp against and the order that we expected to follow has got pushed into the second quarter. So you will see some lumpiness in here, both you will see in the order book here and then as we look at the second quarter, you will see some lumpiness on the sales side. So nothing from an underlying basis to be concerned about really this is the lumpiest segment that we have and that shows up from time to time. We did see a margin decrease of about 70 points, all due to the impact of acquisitions. So very much in line with what we expected. Dispensing obviously had a great year in 2016. Orders and sales are going to be down in dispensing. We are down in dispensing and as I mentioned, you see a large order got pushed into the second quarter. Generally the markets remain stable and we have just got a great competitive position in that business. Fire and safety had a really nice quarter. The overall project funnel is strong. OEM activity is strong. The combination of our legacy buyer business with Akron and AWG, that strategy is playing out. And Akron in particular has had just a really strong results here since we bought the business just about a year ago. Band-It. Band-It had a nice showing here. The energy business was up. Transportation was solid. Obviously the upstream improvement that helps us in Band-It. And then North American industrial market has seen improvements also like in other parts of our business. Okay. Let's conclude here with second quarter and full year guidance. I am on Slide 8. So for the second quarter, we are estimating EPS to be in the range of $1.04 to a $1.06. Revenue to be up 2% to 3% year-over-year. Margins, and again some of that has to do with the timing of some larger things that are getting pushed about quarter to quarter. Operating margins will be about 21.5% and the Q2 tax rate we except -- I see it to be very favorable at about 26.5%. In terms of full year. Based on our performance here in the first quarter and raising our outlook here a little bit for the second quarter. We are expecting $4 to $4.10 for the year in earnings. We are also increasing our overall growth rate expectations to 3% to 4% and margins to be at about 21.5%. We should have about one point of impact from FX for the year. Corporate costs would be around $66 million and no changes in expectation of conversion of free cash flow. Still should be about 120%. As always, our guidance doesn’t include any impact of acquisitions or restructuring as we think about the balance of the year. So with that, Brenda, operator, I am going to stop here and turn it over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Scott Graham with BMO. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [Katya] [ph] for Scott Graham. Could you discuss a little bit about what pricing for the company in first quarter was?
Andrew Silvernail: You know, very consistent, Katya, was what we have seen here in the past, which is about a point. So not a big deviation from what we have seen, and so pretty consistent with what we have seen over time.
Unidentified Analyst: And what about the inflation offset?
Andrew Silvernail: You know, actually we haven't seen a lot of inflation yet. I will note that obviously around some of the commodities have started to inch up. We do expect that that will start to be a bigger issue as we go through the year. Obviously, we have planned for it and we are mindful of the fact that with the improvement in outlook, you are likely to see some improvement or some increases in commodity prices. But generally, nothing has been a major offset yet. Bill, anything you would add on that?
William Grogan: I mean as we continue to monitor about inflation, we look for opportunities to pass on the cost.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. We are really -- this is pretty high on our list, Katya about making sure we don’t get behind an inflation curve if that starts to pick up. And our expectation is it is going to, right. And so that’s something that is very high on our priority list as we look at the balance of 2017.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one more question, sorry about that. Can you discuss -- it looks like corporate expenses looks lower for the rest of the year. Can you discuss why?
Andrew Silvernail: No, it's pretty consistent. It is not meaningfully different from what we have talked about in the past. It's got 16 million-16.5 million in the quarter, plus or minus.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Farley: This is Adam Farley on for Nathan.
Andrew Silvernail: You guys are all tricking us here this morning.
Adam Farley: First question’s on North American industrial. You called out in the press release that there was some improvement in larger capital projects. What markets are driving this improvement specifically related to the larger capital [projects] [ph].
Andrew Silvernail: It's actually pretty broad-based. Energy is a place that we have seen more of it, meaning upstream energy. We haven't started seeing it in the midstream yet, so to speak. But I think you are not seeing one place for your massive investment and not seeing in others. You are starting to see it. Now to be clear, right, it's not huge capital investment, it’s things that are just their larger projects that are starting to move through the pipeline.
Adam Farley: Okay. That’s helpful. Turning to gross margins. What are the sources of gross margin improvement? Is it COGS reduction, value pricing, maybe new product releases or all of the above.
Andrew Silvernail: It's actually -- it is all of the above. Pricing is about what we expected it to be, plus or minus. I mentioned when Katya asked a question, a point. The math is actually a little bit less than a point in the first quarter. But that’s about what we expected. You are getting some, obviously with our business, specifically FMT, you get a lot of volume leverage. These are very high contribution margin businesses, so you have seen the improvement there. And then just on an ongoing basis, the work that we have done around segmenting our portfolio and specifically our fixed businesses, we are getting more overall leverage in those businesses than we have in the past.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Halloran: It's actually me. So first on sustainability here. Obviously, the confidence levels seems a lot higher , Andy, based on what you have seen over the last couple of quarters, I think three quarters in a row now of positive organic orders. Maybe take a layer deeper and just talk about how much you think is inventory replenishment, how much is going right to the end market demand? The project activity that you just commented on being broad-based seems favorable from a sustainability perspective, but maybe anything underneath there? And then also just how have things trended through the quarter through April? It sounds like March was good but some cadence on that too.
Andrew Silvernail: Mike, let me -- and I will start there. So March was really good, to be clear. Right. So I think when we got here the last time, our last call, we had mentioned that January had started well. January was a strong month for us. To be honest with you, February was kind of muted. And so part of my cautionary tone in my earlier prepared comments is when you look at our order book over the last three quarters, it's not like through any quarter we have had kind of sustained strength. You still see spottiness. So I am mindful of that. But March was really strong both in terms of orders and our ability to execute frankly. In terms of overall, kind of peeling back the onion, so to speak. The improvements that we saw were pretty broad based. And so it's not a singular market, and so obviously our life sciences businesses have been taller here for a long time and what we really saw -- what we have seen here in the last two quarters, specifically this quarter, is improvement in the core industrial business, the general industrial is kind of the big difference between now and six months ago. And we are seeing that across different businesses. In terms of it being inventory, do I think that some of it is inventory? I think it is probably a little bit, but as I have mentioned in the past, the stocking and de-stocking, it doesn’t impact us as much as it does I think in some other businesses. A lot of that has to do with -- we are doing a lot of value added stuff so we don’t have a ton of general products, right, of off the shelf stuff. So we don’t see that quite as much as maybe some others do. So I think it is more demand. That being said, what you do see in times likes these is people, where you do have [conbonds] [ph] customer [conbond] [ph]. You see them changing those levels, right. So they are going to take on more stock because they have got to meet more volatility of demand. So there is a little bit of that but I would say generally it's an improvement in market demand.
Mike Halloran: Makes a lot of sense. And then on the margin side. Historically we have always talked about how organic -- as organic revenue accelerates so too does that drop through for you guys. Put a nice drop in the quarter. When you look at the rest of the year, 1Q margins on a op basis are a little bit ahead of what the median for '17 looks like. So maybe talk about how the margins you expect through the year? Was there something in the first quarter besides maybe really the mix? Something else that drove, something that’s not repeatable as go -- moving forward? Or is there some level of conservatism being baked in? Some thoughts there would be great.
Andrew Silvernail: You know, Mike, we are only about 30 bps off of what we are talking about for the year. So it's not a big number, right. Number one. And that can flex a lot. If you look at the FMT margins, the FMT margins were very positively impacted by mix in this quarter and so up 300 basis points too. We do think that that we have definitely taken a step function, or not step function but another step in where our sustainable margins are. We do think we have reached a new level there. But we did have pretty favorable mix in FMT. In HST actually we had kind of negative mix. Our ceiling business had a really strong quarter and that’s from the lower end, still quite good, but it's on the lower end of margin mix. And so when I look at the year, that plus or minus 21.5%, that feels pretty good, the 21.8%. That’s within striking distance of that 21.5%. Not a big difference.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually [Patrick] [ph] standing on for Charles. Just wanted to touch a little bit on growth investments. I think the last quarter you got top line [indiscernible] investments are around 11%, sort of a headwind on the bottom line, I guess, was for '17. How much of that has been realized in the first quarter and how should we think about how that is progressing the management thinking. This can potentially change now with higher growth, organic growth expected with that.
Andrew Silvernail: So we are right on track. The spending that we had planned in the first quarter to ramp that has happened. So nothing surprising there. And so I don’t see us -- from those planned investments, they are going to happen very much like we have outlined. With a little bit better environment, obviously will push you harder around investments. And so if what we have seen here in the first quarter sustain, I would expect that some of the investments will increase over the year. Not big numbers, Patrick, but I would expect us to make some further investments.
Unidentified Analyst: But I guess that number, the 11% number, probably would change even if you are thinking...
Andrew Silvernail: No, no. Yes, in terms of how it impacts our margin structure, no.
Unidentified Analyst: And can you maybe just talk a little bit more about, I guess sort of on that front. Some of the new product rollouts that you guys have. Maybe you have already done following the first quarter and sort of throughout the rest of the quarters here.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So it's pretty broad-based, right. So if you look at new products, we have the whole host of products that are launching in conjunction with our customers scientific fluidics. And those are things that take years to develop, right. And so we expected those to really kick in in '17. We have seen that happen. In our water business we have two significant new product launches around -- one on the meter side and one on the sewer pipeline side. We have a new product investment in [indiscernible] coming from our Viking business, and in dispensing we have got the next generation. As you know, the X-Smart has been excellent and a great product for us. And we are launching kind of the next phase of that which is in to the next level up market segment that we have been playing again for some time. So those are all kind of moving ahead. And these are things that have been in the pipeline for a long time for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. That’s good color. I guess just one more. I think you talked a little bit about sort of order rate, February being a little muted and March being probably little bit better than you expected. What is sort of the exit rate, I guess, for the orders coming out of March and what are these [indiscernible] are for the first, like 20 days of April.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. It's fine. Orders have been kind of in line with our expectation in April. So no big deviation. March was definitely stronger than we had expected but February was softer, right. And so month to month orders, we obviously pay attention to it. I think the thing matters more to me now is the fact that we still see the volatility. So we have obviously the tone here in both in our release and our prepared remarks and what not. Obviously the tone is more positive. But that’s one of the reasons that I remain a little bit cautious is that volatility is still there. Certainly we are in a better position than we were 90 days ago in terms of our confidence level. But there is still volatility.
Unidentified Analyst: And that orders that you mentioned in FST, that’s being pushed into the second quarter. Is that -- I mean I know you said it's timing related, but what is the reason. Is that the customer has pulled back on that or?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. The customer chooses. It's a matter of their readiness. So it's nothing I am concerned about. It's just -- we don’t have a lot of things that are on the larger side. And when things move by a few weeks, it has an impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Can I just go back to the margin assumption question that somebody had had. You talked about mix in FMT being more favorable in Q1. How should we think of that for the rest of the year and with our specific vertical with that mix that was driving that?
Andrew Silvernail: I don’t know that it's going to be as good as that for the year. And some of it's mix versus expectations but ag was better than we thought it was going to be, Allison. And as you know that’s very favorable for us. So that was kind of one that was better than expectation. And then when you peel back the business, as you know we have got a few brands that just have much higher contribution margins. I am thinking of the Viking and [indiscernible] is an example, right. And they had a better quarter. In terms of, for the balance of the year, again, I think in total we are in striking distance of kind of overall what we expected.
Allison Poliniak: Okay. That’s great. And then just your comments around obviously the rest out there. You bring forward the question about the sustainability or the early stage of the recovery. Obviously, order is great. You seem comfortable with the near-term outlook. But as you talk to your customers, is there a specific market that you are more concerned about the sustainability. I understand your concerns but I guess what are you seeing, I guess, from your customers that could be driving some of that.
Andrew Silvernail: I don’t have a specific -- I will not put my finger on anything specific. It's just much more -- I think your term early stage is a good way to put that in the industrial side. And there is we are literally six months out of a horrible industrial recession and so I am cautious about that and I am cautious about the [validity] [ph] of it. With a lot of things that are still pretty unpredictable out there and with a lot of positivity priced in, and I don’t mean just in the stock market but priced into confidence. And even in the last couple of weeks we have seen some of that, the negative side of that. And I am just -- I feel better about what we are seeing, no doubt about it. But I think we are very prudent to continue to manage our business for expected volatility.
Allison Poliniak: That’s great. And then just on FMT and water. You highlighted a lot of the new products. Strong order growth there. I don’t know, is there a way to parse out that. You are driving maybe above market order growth because of some of these new products. I don’t know, how you...?
Andrew Silvernail: I think so. So if you kind of take the -- let's just kind of take 5% growth and let's not take 5%, let's say 3% to 4% for the year, right. And you say how much of that you believe is just underlying market and how much of that is us outperforming the market. I think a combination of customer focus, meaning really around our segmentation work on new products, I think that’s going to get us a point or two above the underlying market. And so if you are three to four, I think we are going to get one to two of that where we are going to outperform our new products and customer focus, and the balance of that is going to be how the market has performed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Mishan: Starting off with HST. Could you maybe parse out a little bit around the order growth? What really drove the inflection to the 8% increase? Was it an increase in sealing, life sciences or like MPT?
Andrew Silvernail: So the industrial side was decent. The most strength came out of sealing followed by scientific fluidics and optics. So those two were really the stronger pieces. Sealing was by far the strongest grower in the quarter and has a little bit of that negative mix I talked about. Still quite good, don’t get me wrong. But just from an overall mix perspective, it's negative to the segment.
Matthew Mishan: And then you have been talking about, I guess, very strong products like in fluidics and optics in 2017 and 2018. Can we maybe talk about some of the advancements that are driving that for your customers?
Andrew Silvernail: The story is very very similar which is, it's really around our ability to bring an approved fluidic system into the whole host of customers. Whether it's IVD, bio, analytical instrumentation. You see those things the same but we are kind of taking more real estate and that is driven by really performance. And that’s a combination of our ability to move smaller things at higher pressures, higher quality and then the integration of optics and fluidics. So those are really the things that come together. And obviously that was a piece of thesis many years ago in bringing those businesses together and we are seeing that play itself through.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. Great. And then if I could just squeeze one last one. There was a large MPT order in 4Q. Did that ship in the first quarter and how much of the growth would be attributed to that?
Andrew Silvernail: Most of the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead with your question.
Matt Summerville: Maybe just dig a little bit deeper into what you are seeing in the fire business. If you could part suppression versus safety and maybe provide a little bit of geographic color around that. I know in the last year there were some regions that were a bit more challenged than others. And then also can you speak to -- kind of provide an update on the fire acquisitions you made during 2016. I know you have kind of anniversaried Akron Brass at this point. So how you are performing in terms of driving margin improvement integration etcetera.
Andrew Silvernail: Matt, maybe I will start there. So the Akron integration has gone really well and certainly we are little bit better than our expectation and we had pretty aggressive expectations. And that’s gone well. That’s gone well on a number of levels. The product side, the channel side, obviously an improved cost structure. We are -- the thesis there, if you recall, was really bringing together, you know to close the loop with high value content on a fire truck and then electronics will increasingly play a bigger role. That’s not big yet but it will be an important piece of that. So that’s certainly at or above our expectation. In terms of the overall growth probably the biggest, I would say net positive compared to our expectations is the Chinese business has improved. Tenders which have been held off for quite some time have been released and we have won those. And by the way we have won competitive share there. So that’s probably the biggest thing in that overall fire and safety business.
Matt Summerville: And then just one more follow up on FMT. I know you kind of talked about the margins a little bit. Maybe I will use the term that you sort of back off a little bit and the step function. If you go back 12 to 24 months ago, you are in the 23% to 24% margin bandwidth. And now for the last two quarters you have been above 27%. I guess when you think about the mix dynamics in the business, what you deal going forward is the right sort of high low bandwidth on that business.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I think in that 26%, 27% around FMT, that’s probably a bigger number here assuming kind of constant volumes generally. I think we are that range now. And you are right. The reason I corrected myself because I think step function is too greater term. But we have definitely made some movement. And that’s happened around a couple of things. Number one, as you know we had those businesses that we define as fixed. Probably the greatest proportion of those sat by FMT and that team really led by [indiscernible]. They have done a great job. There is lot of buying, they have done a terrific job. And by the way, they have done while launching new product, right. So very, very happy with that. But also within some of our bigger brands. If you look at the Viking brand or the [indiscernible] brand or even to a degree if you look at [indiscernible] that had a huge headwind. They held their own with pretty big headwind. And so we have made improvements in those businesses while they were facing peak to trough double digit headwinds, right. And they held their own. And so when you get to volume back in those things, it flows through to the bottom. So I will give Eric Ashleman, who is there COO, an awful lot of credit here with really driving that focus in the FMT businesses and helping them get to the kind of margin structure we expect.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Brett Linzey: Just wanted to come back to the 2017 guide. So you are taking up the organic growth forecast, maintaining the point estimate on margins. Surprising, you are not getting a little bit better leverage there. If were to just adjust for investments in some of the M&A noise, where are the volume based incrementals that you are assuming for the business for 2017.
Andrew Silvernail: Boy, I would have to parse that through, right, in total. Separating out the new investments versus, as if you didn’t do new investments, what you get for leverage. That’s a tough one, right, to parse out. I think that the overall flow throughs that we are getting are very much in line with our expectations. I don’t see any big deviation from what we have thought about, talked about over time.
Brett Linzey: Okay. And then just back to some of the energy commentary. It sounds like it's still relatively muted overall. Could you just talk about what the order flow rates were in the quarter here into April, and was that total oil and gas business up in the quarter on a sales basis.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, Brett, you got to break that down a little bit because when we talk about energy, we have got our businesses that are -- liquid controls is an example. Our [indiscernible] brands. And those are by and large that all they do is energy. And then you have got pieces of sealing, of Band-It, of Viking that were in rough. That all touched that. So let me kind of break it down into what's kind of happening in the segment of the energy business. What I mean is, upstream, very strong, right. It doesn’t matter kind of what part of our business we are touching. But that’s only 2%, 3% of our IDEX volume. But that’s been up very very nicely. The midstream side is the part that’s much more muted and that’s really around LPG and that has to do with truck build. That’s the part that’s still soft and given what we see and the outlook of truck build, and we are pretty close to those customers, that’s not going to get better here and we don’t think for the balance of this year. So that’s how I would separate it out.
Brett Linzey: Okay. No, that helps. And just one more. Back to FS and DP. Do you have any sense as to or could you maybe quantify what the delta impact was on orders on those large projects last year. How large they were and then--
Andrew Silvernail: You mean comparison?
Brett Linzey: Yes, the comparison. And then also what was the size of these projects that got shifted from Q1 into Q2?
Andrew Silvernail: So you are talking -- it's of $10 million in total, right. And I am talking about what the comp and the push. So the tough comp to last year and the push to this year. That’s the kind of magnitude you are talking about.
Brett Linzey: Okay. So underlying orders were still relatively okay.
Andrew Silvernail: Good. Bill, will you add to that?
William Grogan: Yes. No, I would say fire and rescue was strong for the quarter as well as Band-It. Dispensing was the outlier relative to just host couple of projects that moved. So underlying order rates if you excluded that will be in line with the balance of the portfolio.
Brett Linzey: And Brett also when you look at the second quarter and you go, why is your organic point going to be 2 to 3 after coming off of 5. That’s part of what you are going to comp against. It's you are going to have that lumpiness is going to -- you got kind an orders lumpiness that hits you here and then you get a sales lumpiness that hits you in the second quarter. They will be creative on the order side from that in the second quarter but we are going to be hit on the sales side. That’s where we have put them, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bhupender Bohra with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bhupender Bohra: So just a question on -- when we look at the margins here, especially FMT, we have 300 bps improvement year-over-year. And historically, I think even in this release you guys talked about product activity. Can you give us some clarity like how much mix was? How much product activity actually benefitted margins overall in that particular business. I think you have pointed that as one of the margin improvements.
Andrew Silvernail: So it's the -- no, go ahead.
William Grogan: Maybe I would say, we have seen ratable improvement within our FMT margins over the last six months. As Andy talked about, some of the focused actions we have taken on some of the fixed business. So I think our underlying target is probably close to that 27% rate and then you are going to fluctuate off of that based upon the mix within the portfolio. So I think kind of fundamental improvements have gotten us close to that 27% and the mix will vary slightly off of that.
Andrew Silvernail: But in terms of splitting it between productivity and volume leverage, the [indiscernible] hand is in. Right. So you are talking about a business that in general is north of 65% contribution margin. And the key is as the volume comes back, we don’t have to add fixed cost at nearly the rate. Right. And that really kind of comes into productivity in and of itself. So they really go hand in hand, Bhupender.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay. So if I had to bucket that 300 bps improvement year-over-year, you would say like two-third kind of top line volume leverage and mix, and then one-third would be productivity kind of thing. Would that be fair?
William Grogan: You get price in their too, so.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay. 
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. It's pricing in there. Honestly, we are probably getting to fine a level of detail to share probably. We don’t really get into that level of detail. But I think generally, right, the big impact here in the quarter that’s different from what you have seen in the last year is that change in leverage.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay. Got it. And as we go into the rest of 2017, as you have improved your organic guidance here, could you just talk about some of the end markets from all the three business perspective where you think -- which you think are going to be more -- little bit more positive from your perspective. You think there will be some incremental improvement or where you see headwind, if any, basically?
Andrew Silvernail: I think that the biggest difference from where we talked about a couple of months ago here, it's really around North American industrial. That’s the biggest inflection of anything that we have. And that shows up in FMT and in HST, right. It shows up, you see kind of the strength. The other place that obviously was a big differentiator for us within HST was of course the wins with semicon. And semicon has been good for us generally, the market has been decent. But the team has done an exceptional job of focusing in on a handful of core customers and on applications where we can really differentiate. And we have backed that up with major investment, right. So when we opened our new facility in Texas here a couple of years ago, it was all about our ability to win in the North American semicon and North American energy market. And obviously energy has been tough in the last few years but that thesis and that strategy has played itself out. So they are winning and they are winning well there. And that what's been a little bit loss in the shuffle. Although I did touch on it earlier. You know the team in scientific fluidics and optics, they saw this refresh. This 2017-2018 product cycle refresh years ago. And what they have done, what that team has done to be inside our customers to have concurrent engineering happening, we told you that’s about a year and half ago that this was going to happen and it's happening. And so the growth that they are getting is really from years and years of executing their strategy of more high value content by solving those customers critical problems. So they have just done a terrific job and it's paying out.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [Jeff Reeve] [ph] on for Deane Dray. My question is more about your M&A pipeline. I am just curious how it's looking and which segments you are primarily focused on and if you have any other divestitures or portfolio pruning actions in pipeline.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, Jeff, maybe we will start there. So we don’t ever really get into the specifics about pruning but as I said in the past, we have done the vast majority of things that we are going to do from that perspective. And I think it's played out well and so generally I don’t expect to see us in the divestiture again in any major way here going forward. In terms of the M&A pipeline, it looks really similar to what it did back when we talked about the fourth quarter. You know it's robust in the sense that we have got a lot of target that we are working. I would say the private equity side, that’s been strong, which obviously gives you a little bit of caution because if the amount of stuff that’s been sold. And then prices are elevated. As markets improves, people's expectations raise and I think that being very very disciplined here is smart for us. So having a balanced capital allocation strategy is very important in these kind of markets. And buying businesses like SXT, like Akron, like AWG, that are in our sweet spot. And working those things really consistently, that’s how we are going to be successful. And so we are going to be very disciplined and we are going to be very consistent and over time we are going to put our balance sheet and our cash flows to work but it is going to be in a very disciplined way.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And a final follow on to that with equity valuation elevated as you said. Could we possibly see more acquisitions utilizing your own equity?
Andrew Silvernail: I guess, maybe I will answer that in a very big picture. I am not wholly against this. We would use equity if it made sense. The number of situations where I can possibly see us doing that are really really small. And obviously we have got the balance sheet and free cash flow that it would have to be a pretty special situation and obviously if we get more leverage by using our balance sheet. And so that would obviously be our first choice. But to say I would never use equity, that would be too strong. I would use it in the right situation.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we have no further questions. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Andy Silvernail for closing comments.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, thank you all again for joining us here in our first quarter conference call. Obviously, I am really proud of how our teams have executed. They have done a terrific job when we had headwinds here for two, two and half years. I am really proud of what they have got done. And, yes, we are seeing some improvement in outlook and I am glad we have had the ability to raise our guidance and our expectation. I still remain cautious and I think we are all, it's all smart of us to not get it over our skis and our job is to execute for our shareholders. I appreciate the ownership, I appreciate the focus and we look forward to talk to you here in 90 days. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates - Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Andrew Silvernail - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William Grogan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird Steven Winoker - Sanford Bernstein Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Andrew Krill - RBC Capital Markets Nicholas Chen - Alembic Global Advisors Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets Brett Linzey - Vertical Research Partners Joseph Giordano - Cowen & Company Chris Dankert - Longbow Research Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, Mr. Yates. You may begin.
Michael Yates: Great. Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full-year financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the quarter and year-ending December 31, 2016. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast, can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Grogan, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview of the fourth quarter and full-year financial results. And then he will provide an update on our markets and our geographies and discuss our capital deployment. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments, and finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the first quarter and full-year 2017. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13652250 or you may simply log on to our company’s home page for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everybody. I appreciate you all joining us for the discussion of our 2016 fourth quarter and our full-year results. Before I get going, I want to introduce Bill Grogan, our new CFO. Bill, welcome to the senior executive team and the CFO chair. Bill has been with us for more than five years and most recently was Head of our Financial Group for Operations working side-by-side with Eric Ashleman. And so he really did an outstanding job there with building the teams, driving the operating model, and has been a key part to our overall success in terms of driving results in the last-half decade. So congratulations, Bill, and welcome to the team.
A - William Grogan: Thanks, Andy.
Andrew Silvernail: Also, I want to thank Mike Yates. Mike has really stepped in in the late summer when we had the interim chair open up and did an outstanding job. And I think it’s a real testament to Mike that we did not miss a beat through this process and really we are incredibly fortunate to have somebody of Mike’s caliber on our team and continuing on our team as we go forward. So thank you, again, Mike, very much, I appreciate it.
Michael Yates: Very welcoming, Andy.
Andrew Silvernail: So I’m going to take a second here and just summarize 2016. As everyone knows, it was a difficult year in terms of the top line with challenging global industrial environment. At the same time, we did a really nice job on the bottom line and with cash flow. And so even with these mixed economic conditions throughout 2016, there were some bright spots and they were really around our Scientific Fluidics business, municipal and commercial markets, and all of those actually performed reasonably well in the year. And then we had some major headwinds really around the global industrial markets clearly within FMT and then the industrial pieces of HST. But I will say, as we had organic quarter growth in the third quarter and again organic growth in the fourth quarter and a promising start to January, we’re cautiously optimistic that we’re beginning to see a recovery. With that said, I’m hesitant and I’m hesitant, because I’m not convinced yet that we’re seeing a comprehensive turn and really I’m not because the global economic environment and very much the global political environment is volatile and it’s uncertain. And I think it’s prudent at this stage to be more conservative than aggressive. And as we built our plan for this year, we took in mind all of the volatility that’s out there. And as you guys full well know, we can respond very well on the upside. We have a very flexible operating model. We have a low overall labor content in our business. We really have no capacity constraints in terms of machinery equipment or facilities. So really it’s supply chain that becomes the sticking point in the upside. So we can respond very quickly. We would have outstanding flow through in case that happened, but we’re going to be prudent right now. And so as we exited 2016 and I look back, I’m very proud of how our team executed. We drove productivity. We improved working capital, and we continue to invest in our teams and the culture of this business. And we come into 2017 with a very strong balance sheet. We have gross leverage of 1.8 times and obviously, net leverage significantly below that. Cash flow was strong and we’re in a great position to exploit this via our capital deployment strategy. That’s fundamentally unchanged here for almost a half decade that we’ve been using and has been driving returns for us. As I mentioned, we did see positive order trends in the third and the fourth quarter. The initial signs in January are decent. And we’re hoping that the global growth challenges are leveling off. And but as I said, we’re going to remain cautious with the uncertain environment. We do believe that there’s a backdrop of low growth as we think about planning our 2017. And so we’re going to be prudent with this uncertainty of the economic and the political environments. As we look at the year, orders grew sequentially each month in the fourth quarter and the improvements were broad-based across our portfolio, so virtually every business saw improvements as we move through the quarter. And this resulted in organic order growth of 3%. In the second-half, half we had our first two sequential positive order growth quarters since the beginning of 2014. And so again, that’s encouraging. We also deployed over $0.5 last year. We acquired three businesses, as you know, and we also divested four businesses, and I’ll get into more detail here in a minute. But the four businesses that we divested weren’t aligned with our strategic objectives, and I’ll walk you through that here in just a little bit. As you know, deep segmentation has been a critical element of our success and really the fundamental, the foundation of our operating model. And the improvements in profitability, cash flow, and return on investment these past years have really been driven by these efforts. And over the last 18 months, we’ve taken this segmentation, which really had – has been focused on the product line in the customer level, and we’re thinking about our entire business portfolio. And we’ve categorized our businesses into growth outperform and fix. And as we sit here today about 70% of our portfolio is in the growth category, 10% is in the outperform, and 20% is in the fix. And so our strategy here with all of the businesses within these different categorizations is to provide a complete clarity of mission of goals, resource deployment across the portfolio, that’s going to allow us to drive innovation, improve customer service and satisfaction, drive profitability and improve return on investment. And so as we look at 2017, and I’ll walk you through this in some detail here at towards the end of my remarks. But we’re going to continue to invest aggressively around a series of areas and we think that’s critical to our long-term success. So in our growth businesses, we’re going to put about $0.10 or $0.11 of earnings so to speak into incremental investments in those businesses. And I think that’s key – it’s been key to us winning these past few years and it’s going to be very important to us winning going forward. And then, our fixed businesses, which again, I said is about 20% of our portfolio. In 2016, these businesses improved by about 300 basis points in profitability. And so, it’s been an important part of the profit execution seen across their businesses, in particular, in FMT, which you saw really strong margin improvement. And these businesses are either going to graduate to growth, or outperform, or eventually if we don’t think we can move them out of the fix category, we would consider divesting some of them. But I will say that that 20% is largely on track to graduate here, and we kind of give it a two-year timeframe. So they’re going to find growth in the future and our teams are executing very well around that. So with that let me pivot here and talk about our markets and some regions. So on the market side, energy – the trajectory is modestly better than it’s been obviously with the improvement in the price of oil that certainly is helpful. But there’s going to be headwinds, right. The CapEx cuts that came in the midstream and downstream are going to impact us this year and that’s going to hit our energy platform Band-it and ceiling to some degree. The downhole business, I think will improve and we are starting to see that on the banded side in particular. But I do think that the LPG market is going to be soft here in 017. On the industrial side and that’s really been the story for a couple of years now and the industrial markets remain challenged in 2016. We did see some stabilization towards the middle part of the year and as we move forward. And we are hopeful that we’re turning a corner, but obviously, we’re going to wait for more evidence before we’re willing to make a bet on that. Ag, depressed commodity prices, low farm incomes have been a huge headwind there. We have seen a slight improvement and we think that’s going to continue into 2017. Life sciences has been a real bright spot for us. It’s been an – that was an outstanding year in that market. Our core markets in bio, analytical and IVD have all performed well, and we think that’s going to continue to do so here in the future. And finally, municipal. All the indicators point towards continued modest growth in 2017. So we think that will be a plus. In terms of geographies in North America, the story goes back to the industrial recession that really existed here for a couple of years. And so, obviously, we’re hopeful of the signs of recovery, but again, we’re going to be cautious. Europe is really a mixed bag, depends on the country and it really depends on the business. Our dispensing and our water businesses, which are two of our bigger European-facing businesses have done quite well. But the performance across Europe is pretty spotty. And so we think that will probably continue in 2017. Asia, India has been terrific for us. We have – we really won in terms of market share and the business focus there. But China has been more difficult with really the industrial recession there also as they move from an investment-driven economy to a consumer economy. We do expect some improvement in China, however, in 2017. Let me turn to a little bit conversation on capital deployment. So, we’ve had this balanced discipline capital deployment strategy for sometime, and I think it works very well. Our overall goal is to drive spiritual [ph] shareholder returns and we have four pillars of this strategy. We’re going to fully fund organic growth. We’re going to take assistant quarterly dividends. We’re going to opportunistically repurchase stock and we’re going to execute strategic M&A. And so here we are with a very strong balance sheet, strong free cash flow, and this is going to give us leverage as we go forward, and we use that leverage well in 2016. So as I mentioned before, we deployed over $0.5 billion in three acquisitions; Akron, AWG and SFC, and those hit two different markets in three different countries. So really spread nicely across our portfolio and our ability to manage and integrate those businesses. The Akron and AWG really changed the face of our fire and safety business, and SFC did the same for our ceiling group. The integrations across the Board are going well and so we’re very positive about these acquisitions going forward and the benefits that we expect to see in 2017 are identical to what we talked about in the third quarter, and I’ll detail that here in a little bit. We did decide to divest some businesses this year four relatively small businesses. Hydra-Stop and two Optics businesses; one in Japan and one in Korea, and then our IETG business, which is in the UK. In total, those businesses had about $40 million of revenue for us in 2016, which obviously will trade-off against the benefits of the three acquisitions that we did. And again, I’ll walk you through the puts and takes of that here towards the end of my remarks. As we think about organic growth, we have continued to invest in organic growth across our businesses. But as we go into 2017, there are a few businesses that are going to get even more money and we’re going to get more aggressive around it. And that’s really around our bio, biopharma businesses, some product launches in water, next-generation of rescue tools, and local for local products in India, and then in some degree an increased investment in China, where we’ve recently opened a facility. And so we’re going to put money really it’s about the future. And as you know, investments for us, it takes time to germinate. The markets move slowly, but you have to be committed and you have to invest year-in and year-out, and that’s what will allow us to be successful in the long-term. On the capital deployment front, in 2016, we increased our dividend by 6% and we returned 38% of net income to our shareholders. And we also bought back 739,000 shares in the year at a cost of about $55 million, which is about 1 percentage here and that happened very early on in 2016. All right. I’m now on the 2016 financial results. That slide four, if you will join me there. So just a reminder, these results exclude the impact of restructuring actions, the gain and loss in divestitures in 2016 and 2015, as well as the pension settlement. But I will detail all of those for folks, so they can get their modeling correct as we go forward. All right. For the full-year, orders and sales were $2.1 billion, up 6% and 5%, respectively. Orders were flat organically and sales were down 1% organically. Organic orders and sales were really pressured by the weak economy that I’ve talked about in detail already around oil and gas in North American industrial. And then our margin actually this a good story. So we finished the year, but there’s a lot of moving parts, let me take a minute here. We finished the year at 20.6%, which was down by 40 basis points year-over-year. But keep in mind that had $14.8 million of fair value step up versus $3.7 million in 2015. So obviously, that’s a big impact. If you neutralize for that, our margins were up about 10 basis points year-over-year. But also keep in mind, that’s diluted – that has a diluted impact of acquisitions. So if you look at apples-to-apples, so if you remove the acquisitions and look at the base business versus base business, 2016 versus 2015, margins were up 80 basis points to 22.5%, so that really shows terrific execution in the base business pre-acquisitions and demonstrates that operating model continues to work. Cash flow, a great story. Cash from operations was $400 million in the year, $362 million of free cash flow, and that was up 12% over last year and 125% of net income. GAAP EPS was $3.53, adjusted EPS is $3.75, that was up $0.20, or 6% on an adjusted basis. Let me take a second and walk you through that $0.22 between the adjusted and the GAAP EPS. So we had a $0.03 charge from restructuring actions, I’ll talk about the benefits here in a moment. We had a $0.16 loss on the sale of four divested businesses and we had a $0.03 charge from the pension settlement. On a final note, of the $3.53 in GAAP EPS, there’s also about a $0.04 related to a favorable transaction FX in regards to intercompany loan that we acquired when we bought SFC. So that was favorable by about $0.03 in the fourth quarter and $0.01 in the first quarter. We have hedged that loan and so we won’t see the volatility here in the future. and so but it will be – those $0.04 will be a headwind as we think about 2017. All right. For the fourth quarter, organic orders were $547 million, that was up 10% overall and 3% organically, and we continue to see an uptick in those orders here that we started to talk about in the third quarter. Revenue was $530 million, up 6% flat organically, and organic sales were up slightly 0.3% in the fourth quarter. And although that certainly is modest, it’s the first positive organic sales growth that we’ve seen since the fourth quarter of 2014. Adjusted op margin for the quarter was 20.5%, that was down 50 basis points year-over-year, but again entirely due to the fair value inventory step up. And so exclusive of this charge, we actually improved margins by 40 basis points over last year. Fourth quarter free cash flow very strong, $106 million in the quarter, that was up 20$ from last year and a 143% of net income for the fourth quarter. GAAP EPS were $0.75, adjusted was $0.96, that was a $0.02 increase over last year. We had $0.21 between the Q4 adjusted and the GAAP EPS, and those are all the items that I mentioned before except there was a $0.01 of that that fell into the third quarter, so $0.21 fell into the fourth quarter. I will also note that we did have significant translational FX as we saw the dollar strengthened significantly in the quarter and that cost us about $0.02 in the fourth quarter. All right. So let me spend a few minutes here on the noise in the fourth quarter. I know there’s a lot of moving parts and I want to make sure everybody has these pieces really clearly. So as I discussed earlier, the four divestitures, we incurred about a $20 million pre-tax loss on the two businesses that we sold in the fourth quarter. That’s a $14 million net loss after the $6 million tax benefit that we realized. We also incurred a $3.6 million pension settlement in the fourth quarter. This charge was related to employees taking a lump sum distribution rather than future monthly pension payments. We did talk about this in the third quarter and it was on the low-end of our expectation. We also incurred about $3.7 million of restructuring costs. We noted that we were going to have some restructuring costs we talked about in the third quarter. These are related to severance and facility closures around acquisitions and plus an announced facility consolidation with our MPT platform. We will get about $4 million of benefit in 2017. Okay, let’s pivot now and let’s talk about the segments. I want to start with fluid metering, I’m on Slide 5. So we finished 2016, organic orders were down 2% in the fourth quarter and down 3% for the full-year. Sales were flat in the quarter and down 1% for the full-year. Op margin was a great story, up 190 basis points for the quarter, up a 100 basis points for the year, really terrific execution around productivity and even with difficult market conditions maybe except for water people really got after the cost structure and right-sized their businesses and we had just outstanding margin improvement. And so, as I mentioned before, we had great improvement in our fixed businesses and many of those sit in FMT and we’re a major portion of the margin improvement in the segment. In terms of some of the areas, water services has been strong. It was strong in the fourth quarter. Again, we think it will be solid as we – if you think about 2017. Industrial, the story I told already many times softness across the North American landscape. The impact of oil and gas have certainly been substantial and weakness in the chemical market in Europe also. So, while we do see some beginning signs of recovery, we’re pretty cautious here around this marketplace. Energy, it remains a tough story. Our mobile business, the downstream portions of the business that CapEx cuts just started late last year. Those are going to play negatively to those businesses, I think in 2017, so they will be behind the curve relative to what you’ll see in the downhole side, which I think will pick up faster and certainly some of our peers have seen that. But we will have some headwinds here early in 2017 around those markets. And finally, Ag, as I mentioned earlier, we have seen some positive indications, so we’re looking for kind of very small improvement in 2017. Okay, let’s turn to health and science, I’m on Slide 10. At the end of the day no real changes in our perspective in the health and science markets. Our overall life sciences and scientific businesses are doing really well, and they’ve been offset by weakness in industrial very similar to everything I’ve talked about with FMT. We had a very strong organic order quarter, up 7%, excuse me, on the heels of also a strong order quarter in the third quarter. So this is promising. For the year, organic orders were up 2%, but certainly we finished very strong in the order front with HST. Our sales were down 1%, both in the fourth quarter and for the year, but obviously, we come into the year with momentum. On the op margin side and again, I think, there’ll be a number of questions here on this. So let me take some time on this. They were down 330 basis points in the fourth quarter and down 100 basis points for the year. Both of these decreases were really primarily impacted by the step up in SFC. If you exclude that, margins would have been down a 100 basis points for the fourth quarter and 20 basis points for the year, and really all of that is due to mix. In 2015, we had a very strong overall profitability in our material processed business and that flipped around in the fourth quarter of this year and had relatively weak margins in MPT and that really accounts for that balance. We do expect margins in HST to be in that 23% range in 2017, so we expect that to rebound nicely as we go forward. In terms of the overall segments within health and science, industrial looks a lot like FMT, as I’ve already talked about, and we have seen again some early signs of improvement, but cautiousness generally. Scientific Fluidics and Optics, as I said before, really strong overall performance. The markets are growing. We’re winning share on new platforms. And so, overall, we have a lot of confidence in that business going forward around life sciences. Ceiling solutions is a mixed bag. Oil and gas has been weak, while the semiconductor market has been strong, and those two have really kind of balanced each other off. And then finally, MPT, as I mentioned has been mixed. This is a pretty lumpy business. It had a strong fourth quarter order book. So we think we’ll come out of gates relatively strong with MPT. But it has been a mixed bag between pharma and industrial businesses. All right. I’m on the last segment, diversified on Slide 11. Boy, it’s just an outstanding year for the teams here in diversified. The two major acquisitions really change the landscape for our fire and rescue business, and so now it’s all about driving the execution here. We finished very strong. Organic orders were up 9% in the fourth quarter, up 2% for the year. Our sales were down 3% for the year, but following orders, we had a strong finish at sales being up 3%. Op margin was down a 150 basis points, but entirely due to the step up that we had $7.5 million. So again, we are – this business is performing well and we expect to have really solid margin profile in 2017. Our dispensing was solid across North America, Europe and Asia. The X-Smart product line continues to have momentum and generally the dispensing outperformed. In fire and rescue, a nice uptick in the fourth quarter. As you know, this has been a business has been weak here for sometime and we saw strength across the markets and we had some nice wins in Asia, which we hadn’t seen in quite sometime. The team did an outstanding job with new product launches and they’re doing a nice job of integrating Akron and AWG and we’re on track to hit our goals with those acquisitions. Excuse me. On Band-It, the transportation business was solid. We are seeing some modest improvements on the oil and gas side that would be a good sign here for Band-It going forward. All right. Couple more slides here and really all about guidance for the year and for the fourth quarter. I’m on Slide 12. So we anticipate organic growth to be about 1% to 2% for the year and this should give us somewhere between $0.15 and $0.23 of incremental earnings for 2017. However, we’re going to have a pretty significant $0.12 headwind from FX. The – as you know, the dollar has strengthened significantly. We have exposure to the euro, the Swiss franc, the Canadian dollar, and the pound. And so, those are meaningful headwinds. And as I mentioned before, that’s broken down into about an $0.08 headwind on translational FX and the $0.04 that’s related to the intercompany loan that I mentioned earlier that we’ve hedged here going forward. But in total, as you guide into the back-half of the year and really sort of the back month or so of the year as the dollar strengthened, we lost a lot of ground, a $0.02 in the fourth quarter, and now in total, $0.12 of headwind for the year. As we look at acquisitions, last quarter we told you that that net of divestitures we thought that acquisitions would add about $0.25 to earnings incrementally. That number is now $0.24, but entirely due to the fact that we sold two other businesses in the fourth quarter. And so we’re right on our expectations of what those businesses should add to our portfolio. Share count will creep a little bit and it’s going to be a $0.03 headwind for us. The restructuring actions that I mentioned before are going to be a $0.03 tailwind, and they’re really related to rooftop and severance consolidation – severance items. We did have a couple of one-time corporate items in 2016 that are not going to repeat in 2017. About $0.04 is from the earn-out reversal that we talked about in the first quarter of last year. So if you remember, in our first quarter earnings report of 2016, we had a really strong overall quarter and because we had about $0.04 benefit from that earn-out reversal that obviously we won’t get again in 2017. And we did have a $0.02 of benefit coming from compensation-related items as the CFO change happened and some compensation was forfeited. We’re get about $0.02 of benefit from productivity net of inflation, so our teams have done a really nice job of offsetting wage inflation and very modest material inflation, but we will get $0.02 of net benefit. And then, as I mentioned before, we’re going to keep investing even with this backdrop of continued low growth. We think we need to continue to put money into our best bets and that’s going to be kind of $0.10 or $0.11 in 2017 of incremental spend. All right. I’m on our last page here on Slide 13, and a couple more items here on Q1 2017 and full-year 2017 guidance. So in the first quarter, we think EPS is going to be $0.91 to $0.93, organic growth kind of 1% to 2%, and operating margins ranging from 20.5% to 21%. The tax rate should be around 27%, and we are going to see kind of a 2% FX headwind here on the top line, and this is all based on the December 31, rate. So everything that I talked about relative to FX was based on the rates at the end of the year, which is our traditional practice. Corporate costs in the first quarter will be about $17 million. And if you look at the 2017 just a few more items. So full-year EPS should be $3.87 to $3.95, revenue growth 1% to 2%, and full-year operating margins at 21.5%. Again, we’re going to have about a 2% FX headwind based on the December 31 rates. And we think corporate cost will be around $66 million for the year, and finally, the tax rate should be around 27.5% based on the current U.S. tax rates in the global tax rates. Always, as we think about these things, we exclude the impact of acquisitions, costs, or benefits associated with them or any further restructuring that they might have. So with that, let me pause here, and Doug, let’s turn and open this up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Hey, Mike, good morning.
Mike Halloran: And congrats on the new role I would say welcome aboard, but you’ve been here for a while. So let’s start on that bridge, obviously, super helpful providing the puts and takes, because there’s a lot of them…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Mike Halloran: Maybe you could frame the growth investment side. You said you’re basically putting the foot down and really reinvesting this year. Twofold question there, one, frame that level of growth investment that you’ve got in the 2017 bridge to what a typical year would look like? And then two, what the main focus areas look like? Is this to deal with a lot of the acquisition pieces? Is it relative to that 80% of the company that’s really kind of in that growth mode, where the piece is going?
Andrew Silvernail: So, Mike, this is – if you go back and you are to look in time, this is not a typical, right. So this is kind of how we thought about things over time. I think why it stands out a little bit now right is the backdrop of slower overall organic growth. And so, I guess, very importantly, we made a conscious decision that we were not going to trim back on those, given the backdrop. And for us, as you know, it takes an awful long time for these investments to germinate. And if we were to go and cut $10 million, $12 million of that cost, which you could easily do by the way, right. These are pretty variable cost you can take these out. We could have easily put up cover the FX headwind that developed here in the latter part of the year. And we just decided that was not the prudent thing to do and we should continue to invest. So very typical for us. I think the difference is Mike, is the – these are investments that are really, really targeted around a few mostly product-related areas. So in the bio, biopharma area that that whole life sciences world has taken off for us obviously and we’ve got some very interesting new products that are going to take few years to germinate. But we’re going to have to put several million dollars a year into those, while those takeoff. And so that fits right into the life sciences, fluidics and optics world, that’s a good piece of the investment. We’ve got a series of new product launches in our water world. And so if you look at our water business that’s led by [indiscernible] they’ve done a great job. They have been part of – a lot of those business have been in the fixed category and they have done an amazing job of changing that profile and have a whole series of new products that are going to come to market here over the next two years, now that’s a major investment. In India, we are, as you know, we built two facilities in the last five, six years here in India with expansion and we’re moving more and more for local needs. So a lot more product development is happening for the local markets. X-Smart has been a home run there. And what we really learned from our success and we were doing more like that. And then if you look at new product developments the next generation on rescue tools, as you know, hydraulic has been a big win for us. So we’re going to continue to invest there. The StrongArm product line we’ve mentioned before, that’s going to continue to get investment. And then finally, around the AWG Akron acquisitions and the combination with our other fire assets, there are some really important product development opportunities around electronics, which is bringing together kind of all of the superior product capability that we have on a fire truck that links it together and creates a closed system that is going to get investment for us. So those are the major areas and they’re all about growth. And so it’s going to take time to germinate, but I think it’s the right thing to do.
Mike Halloran: And then seeing on the growth side then as we look through the year, obviously highlighted caution going into the year, which I think is prudent. Maybe one, give a sense for what you’re seeing on the industrial side of your pieces once a little more short cycle maybe have some movement that could help the industrial side of Band-it, Viking Warren Rupp.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Mike Halloran: Trends in the last couple of quarters have they been stable, slightly better, you’re seeing some choppiness and what that lead into for the year?
Andrew Silvernail: So, Mike, if you remember kind of back in the summer, I mentioned, we’re seeing some stability, right, things had really been at a decelerating pace in the industrial or an accelerating decline in the industrial landscape up until kind of after the first quarter of 2016 and I mentioned some stability. What we saw in the third quarter was a kind of the back-end of the quarter got meaningfully better, but still spotty. It was still pretty spotty. What we saw in the fourth quarter was much more broad-based across recruitment across their businesses. And then I’d say January has continued that trend. And let me be really candid. We have a lot of internal debate about the top line to market what number we’re picking around the market.
Mike Halloran: Yes.
Andrew Silvernail: And everything that we’re talking about here is based on market estimates because of what we think has really not been taken into account around the economic and the political volatility. And so our – we believe that we’ll beat the markets by a point or two. And so again, it really kind of depends from what you think – what you’re picking the markets to be and we’ve got impressed on some of this commentary. And my point of view Mike is that, people have gotten a little over their skis on the positive sides of some of things that have been talked about and even experienced and not enough attention has really been put into the potential downsides. And so for us, we’re really weighing this both sides of this equation, which has led us to be more conservative. I’ll give you that, there’s no doubt about it. And a lot of it comes down to, we know how our operating model flexes. And if things are better, we’ll flex very quickly up and the incremental margins will be attractive. And if things are worse than some people are talking about right now, we’re already positioned to deal with it.
Mike Halloran: And then last and an easy one. If you just look at the guidance, is the underlying thought process here stability from current levels normal sequences as you look to the year, or are you embedding any improvement, it doesn’t sound like you are, but I just want to clarify?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so we’re talking first quarter being up one to two no real big hockey stick built in. So we don’t have, I think the first quarter is going to be telling for us to be candid with you, right. And so that’s going to be an important barometer for how we think the rest of the year is going to play out, and January is decent.
Mike Halloran: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate your time.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker from Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Winoker: Hi, good morning, all.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Steven, how are you?
Steven Winoker: Good. Hey I’d love to just start at a little higher level on capital deployment, Andy.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Steven Winoker: So if you think about the pace that you are running at a $0.5 billion this past year based on what you are looking at in the pipeline, obviously you have the capacity. I mean, are your expectations for something as good this year?
Andrew Silvernail: See, I think that would be a real challenge to be honest with you. When we at this time last year, we were really bullish on the overall ability to deploy. But we had line of sight at that point with a lot of confidence around a couple of things, while we have a very typical funnel right now. And so if we deployed $0.25 billion, that would be terrific. We don’t have things kind of sitting right in front of us like we did this time last year. And so this feels more like a normal pipeline. That being said, it’s a good pipeline. It’s across the portfolio, and we have, obviously, we have the buyer power to do it, it’s just going to be actionability, Steve.
Steven Winoker: Okay. All right. And then on that 2017 guidance bridge, I would have thought maybe more than $0.02 on productivity net of inflation. Can you just talk through maybe the pieces there, what are you baking in? And why is it and a more?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so you’ve got about – what you have is, you’ve got about $20 million of headwind plus or minus and that’s mostly driven by wage inflation, which – it is not a lot of material inflation. Obviously, you’ve got some metals here and there that have which seems a little bit on. We’re in a really good position and obviously, we’re really cognizant of potential inflation spikes something that we’re paying a lot of attention to. But the material side should be modest. The wage side is very typical. So call it $20 million. So we’ll get kind of $22 million of total productivity, and so that will net us or sorry a little bit more in that $23 million, $24 million, and that will net us kind of a $0.02 in total.
Steven Winoker: Okay. All right, that sound. I guess…
Andrew Silvernail: Again by the way right, that’s – that does not include restructuring, right. So you’ve got another $0.03, $0.04 on the restructuring side. So I would call all of that productivity, but we just happened to break it out specifically, because we called out restructuring charges.
Steven Winoker: Right. No, and then normally that’s how we’d see it, so that’s helpful. I’ll pass it on. Thanks, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Andy, I’d like to go back to the growth investments for a minute, and you’ve never been shy about funding growth investments in the company really regardless of the environment, $0.11 is a pretty big step up. Is this something that we should anticipate continuing at that level for the next few years? Will it step up again in 2018, step down in 2018?
Andrew Silvernail: I think, it’s what you would expect, right. And so the way I kind of think about the math that the math doesn’t change here, right. So the incremental benefits that we’ve always talked about that 30% to 35% even including these investments is there, right. So when you kind of work through all the puts and takes of all this and you look at it, you go okay, that – those incrementals are there, especially when you kind of step back and you think about the one-time thing that we benefited from in 2016. So we’re not going to compress our incrementals by these kind of investments, Nathan. And but I think the variable here is obviously in a higher growth environment, you’re going to get much better incrementals, in a lower growth environment you get more towards kind of the downside of where guided historically.
Nathan Jones: Understood. I was more talking about the level of investment that you’re putting in to the growth investments?
Andrew Silvernail: ICS being really aggressive, Nathan. I think is, I think everybody – everyone we talk to and we spend time with, the differentiators is going to be organic growth, right. And even when you think about acquisitions, right, when you acquire the way you really drive overall returns, obviously we’re very good at the cost out. But you’ve got to deliver on the top line too, which means you’ve got to deliver overall on the organic side. So these kind of investments I think are prudent and we’re going to do it in good times and in difficult times.
Nathan Jones: Understood. And you’ve been pretty clear about that over many years.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Nathan Jones: I’m just wondering whether or not we should expect those growth investments to remain at the same level going forward or weather you will get more aggressive in 2018 and step up again, or just how you’re thinking about that over just longer than 2017?
Andrew Silvernail: Well, I’m sorry, Nathan. Yes, so I would say that proportional to the size of our business, this feels about, right. Right, so as the business gets bigger, the dollars will get bigger, but I don’t think and proportionally it’s going to change dramatically from what we’re talking about here.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And then there’s a $0.03 headwind from higher share count. I think IDEX typically looks to offset dilution, is that not the case this year?
Andrew Silvernail: No, our practice has been to – we have a really disciplined process that we go through. And so we just said, hey, these levels will probably see some creep, but that could push one way or the other to be honest with you. We’re just kind of basing on the activity that we’ve had here in the last six months. But that that’s one variable that could move throughout the year.
Nathan Jones: Fair enough. And then just one on North American industrial, do you have any visibility into the parts of North American industrial, where you’re seeing improvement or is this going through distribution and you lose visibility into it?
Andrew Silvernail: Well, so I think the way I’d say it, so you do lose some visibility going to distribution. But what I’d say is, what we saw in the fourth quarter and what were seen early in January, and I want to be – the reason I’m being so cautious here around this is – a few months does not make a trend, right. And so, but I will say that what we saw through the fourth quarter early in January it is pretty broad-based. And so whether you’re talking about kind of classic distribution at Viking, or say gas as an example of Warren Rupp, or you’re talking about more value-added distribution, or you’re talking about even on the OE side, it’s been pretty broad-based.
Nathan Jones: All right. That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan from KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Mishan: Thank you and good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Matthew Mishan: Hey, I just want to go back to the 2017 guidance bridge and maybe I missed it. But it seems like the incrementals from the $20 million to $40 million of organic growth going down to $0.15 and $0.23 of EPS seems very high. Can you talk about the incrementals you’ve assumed on that?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So you’ve got to remember that includes price, right. So that that’s not just volume, and so the price side of it flows through at a 100%. And so when you’re looking at numbers that are that – that are 1% to 2% kind of that granular that the call it 7 to eight-tenths of a point that will get price in 2017 that that’s going to flow through very high.
Matthew Mishan: All right, got it. So assuming that, let’s call it 80 basis points in price. What should we be thinking about if you were able to do as far as incremental go, if you were able to go from 1% or 2% growth to 3% or 4% like what would an additional incremental 100 basis points of growth give you?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, a really kind of simple rule of thumb for us is a point of organic growth, it’s going to give us about $0.08 on earnings.
Matthew Mishan: All right. And then on the health and science technology side, I’m just curious what you’re hearing from customers around the expectations for pharma and biotech in 2017. And if you saw any change in scientific fluidics in the fourth quarter?
Andrew Silvernail: So, Matthew, if you recall even kind of two years ago at this time, we were talking about a product cycle – lifecycle – product cycle in the industry that was going to get a lot better starting in 2017. We said we had a lot of visibility to that and that’s playing itself out now, right. So the product launches that we’re seeing across the industry are pretty good and you could pick your submarket, right, they’re generally – it’s pretty healthy, and we’re well-positioned in terms of content by platform. So we think that that 2017 and 2018 are going to be pretty good years here. If you look at the analytical instrument, IBD bio genomics, you pick your market, it’s going to be pretty good. Obviously, we don’t know how policy might impact that that’s one wildcard that we really – everyone needs to pay attention to and just with the uncertainty that we’ve seen early days we all know. But generally, in current conditions, we think both the industry is going to be pretty good and we’re well-positioned.
Matthew Mishan: Thank you very much.
Andrew Silvernail: You bet, Matthew. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Krill: Thank you. Good morning. This is Andrew Krill on for Deane.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Krill: Hi, good morning. Thank you. So I want to ask, there’s been a lot of speculation on tax reform in the U.S., can you comment on how IDEX might fair, given these various proposals, including the border adjustability please?
Andrew Silvernail: It’s really tough to put your finger on it. So let me kind of walk you a couple of things and Bill if you want to add some color to this. So obviously, if you just assumed that you had a 10 point U.S. tax cut, right a way to think of that is you can put some math on that again. We said 10 points. 10 – we have about $100 million pre-tax in the U.S. So you’re talking $0.09, $0.10 of earnings impact if you went down to a 25% statutory tax rate in the U.S., right. So that’s one way to put your finger on it. In terms of the cross-border issues, Bill, any commentary on that?
William Grogan: Yes. I don’t think we have any material risk if there were significant tariffs and replace of NAFTA. So I think for the most part, our production and supply chain is local for local, So not a lot of exposure there.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, and probably not a ton of negative. I mean, obviously, the thing that I’m most worried about, Andrew, is trade war. I think everybody in my seat is nervous about that same possible reality. And one of the reasons why, frankly, we’ve hedged our bets here going into 2017.
Andrew Krill: Got it. Thank you. That will make sense. And there’s a quick follow-up like in terms of a customer weighing with if there’s any favorable repatriation holiday, can you remind us like how much of your cash is overseas and I guess maybe what this could be used for?
William Grogan: Yes, I mean, there’s about $200 million kind of overseas, primarily within Europe. So if there was a repatriation, we’d have to look at that and t see we’ve done several deals in Europe so to pay a 10%, the repatriation tax might not be worth it if we have line of sight some uses for that cash within Europe or abroad.
Andrew Krill: Great. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from Alembic Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Nicholas Chen: Hi, this is Nick Chen from Matt Summerville this morning. Thanks for taking our question. You guys touched on it a little bit before, but I just wanted to dig a little deeper into M&A. I was hoping you could talk about sort of some of the multiples you’re seeing following the recent melt up in the market? And additionally, what verticals are seeing the most activity from your view?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So, generally, Nick, the world has not changed that much that we look at right. So, excuse me. The biggest changes have really been around the public markets. And obviously, we don’t play a time in that world we have. We bought some businesses from public companies in the past and whatnot. But – so that level of volatility so far we haven’t seen it play itself through the broader M&A funnel that we look at. That being said, we’re in the same position we’ve been for an awful long time, which is things are expensive. There’s no doubt about it. You’ve got to be incredibly disciplined, and you’ve got to be disciplined around price, but you also have to be really disciplined around what fits in your operating model. And so, we’re – there’s very few things that can make a deal go sour faster than overpaying and we’re just not going to do that. And so, we like our funnel, but we’re going to be very disciplined about prices in the marketplace, and that fundamentally hasn’t changed here in the last few months.
Nicholas Chen: Great. And then just finally, I was hoping you could talk about in terms of an improvement in energy in the industrial – general industrial markets? What’s your guys view there?
Andrew Silvernail: So I’m going to call it cautious optimism, right. So, as I said before, we have seen some sequential improvement and it’s relatively broad-based. The downhole-related things, which we don’t have a lot of exposure to, right, it’s kind of 2%, 3% of our total business. That has been, obviously, the much more volatile piece and where people are calling more potential upside, it’s a really small piece for us. So I don’t get too excited about that on one side or the other. The things that are further downstream from there, those CapEx cuts came a lot later in the cycle and they’re still playing themselves out now. So I think we’ll actually be behind that curve to some degree as that plays itself through and then we’ll see if capital investment makes its way downstream, again. So I’m cautious generally with industrial and oil and gas. I’m more favorable in general industrial, I think, the oil and gas stuff will take more time to play itself through.
Nicholas Chen: That’s great. Thanks so much, guys. I’ll jump back into the queue.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Graham: Hey, good morning, Andy, Mike, and welcome, Bill.
William Grogan: Thank you, Scott.
Scott Graham: Did you say, Eric was there as well?
Andrew Silvernail: No he is not.
Scott Graham: Oh, okay, all right. A lot of questions have been answered, but I do have a couple others. The acquisition divestiture, this is just a simple one. Is that sort of like a 75, 35, 80, 40 territory on the acquisition adds versus divestiture subtracts on revenue?
William Grogan: Scott, I’m not exactly sure what you mean?
Scott Graham: The $40 million of incremental sales from acquisitions?
William Grogan: Yes.
Scott Graham: Yes.
William Grogan: So the $40 million is the amount of revenue that we had in IDEX in 2016 from the businesses that we sold. So we had $40 million of revenue in those businesses. If you look at it kind of on an apples that if you look at it kind of on a trade-off basis incremental revenue of what we’re going to lose from divestitures versus the incremental that we’re going to get from the acquisitions because of where they landed in the year, you get somewhere around $40 million, $45 million of incremental good guy in revenue in 2017. Does that makes sense and that’s all…
Scott Graham: Yes, I was just looking for the two numbers that net?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So you’re talking about $40 million of divestiture that we won’t get next year, right?
Scott Graham: Okay.
Andrew Silvernail: Against about $80 million, $85 million of revenue that will get incrementally this year netting out to call it plus $40 million to $45 million.
Scott Graham: Yep, that’s exactly what I was looking for.
Andrew Silvernail: Yep.
Scott Graham: So let’s say things don’t get better from here and your conservatism is valid on your organic side, Andy? Where you have flexibility down the bridge here, obviously, I’m talking more specifically about, the restructuring savings, the corporate expenses, productivity, where can you flex up a little bit to make sure that you make the guidance maybe even at the high-end?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. It’s a – I’m not really worried about our ability to execute here, right. So, we’ve proven our ability to manage these items operationally manage the investments. If the business were to slowdown, could we accelerate some restructuring? Yes, we could. Could we slowdown some timing of investments? Certainly, we could, and I think we’ve demonstrated a pretty good ability to do that over time.
Scott Graham: Fair enough. Last question on the M&A pipe. So, obviously, you had a big year in 2016, based on kind of where you sit today with things at various levels and in the funnel. Can you get halfway there? I mean kind of where is your head?
Andrew Silvernail: At this stage, it’s tough to say, because as I mentioned, I think it was Steve who asked the earlier question around this. We’ve got a decent funnel. We don’t have anything kind of imminent. And so, we could end up having a really big year or soft year. My hope would be that we get somewhere between. But at the end of the day, it’s not something that I can peg at this point.
Scott Graham: It’s fine. Thanks.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick [indiscernible] from SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, I’m standing in for Charlie Brady this morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Andrew Silvernail: You bet.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one more, I guess for you guys on the growth investments, I know you guys have been talking about it quite a bit on the call. How should we think about sort of the margin impacts on each segment from these investments? And sort of I’m looking at FMT right, the adjusted margin at 27.2%.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: It’s a pretty peaked out, how should we think about that moving forward? Is there potential to move up?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I don’t – I wouldn’t think about the growth investments kind of how they would impact, that is not going to be material so to speak. If you look at the overall margin performance that we expected in 2017 by segment, I think FMT for the year, it should be in the 25% range, maybe a little bit higher 26%. HST in that 22% to 23% range, and FSD in that kind of 25% range. At the segment operating level, that’s what you should expect next year. So the investment should materially impact that. Again, as I answered before, even with the investments, we’re still very much in line with our expectations for incremental operating margins.
Unidentified Analyst: Gotcha. Thank you. And then just last one for me. What are you guys seeing sort of the – for the exit order rates in January? I mean, obviously, 2% growth in organic orders in 4Q is obviously welcoming sign. But and how do you guys sort of see January shaping up, and is that progressing more in February?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes So far the January things have been decent. I think the trend that we saw at the back-half of the fourth quarter have continued. I – at this stage, again, I’m hesitant to get more aggressive, because it’s such a short period of time. And hey, the level of uncertainty that’s out there economically and politically, it’s prudent to be cautious.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, thanks. That’s all I have.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey from Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning, all.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Linzey: Hey, just I wanted to come back to HST orders up 7%, you mentioned a large pharma order there. What was the contribution in the quarter. And then I guess, were you able to put a finer point on if you sort of unbundle that and look at the industrial related businesses within HST?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Brett Linzey: What are the underlying order rates looking like there?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so the strength that you mentioned that was within MPT, right, so we had some strength there in the MPT business. But even minus that orders were solid. We’re good – very good in the life-sciences side and industrial similar to what we talked about in FMT. So some, I’ll call it a few light spots, but not ready to call it, Semicon was strong. The general industrial gas micro pump still saw meaning kind of flattish, but certainly better than the trends that we’re in the first-half or even in little bit later than that in 2016.
Brett Linzey: Okay. And then fire and safety, I mean, orders are big there at 9% obviously pretty easy comp…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Brett Linzey: You mentioned a lot of the close system opportunities and new product opportunities. But just in terms of the channel side, did you see any pull-through activity from AWG and Akron and then as we look forward here and you’ve owned these now for about six months or how you feel about the cost side?
Andrew Silvernail: So it’s still very early days for any kind of what I would tell revenue synergies right, that’s – those are things that take a meaningful time in those businesses, because you don’t want to break it already very good channels. And so nothing meaningful there, nothing different than our expectations, but it’s not like that’s accelerating yet. On the cost side very much in line with our expectations, right. The restructuring charges that we took were related to that and both Akron and AWG are on track for what we committed. We talked about getting 500 basis point of improvement in those businesses over three years and I think we’ll get there.
Brett Linzey: Okay. And just one last one, you talked about the – having a difficulty obviously forecasting 2017 growth. You did mention, you’d would like to outgrow those markets by 1 to 2 points…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Brett Linzey: Are you assuming that for this year and implicitly does that mean you’re basically kind of saying, the market is flattish in your view for 2017, and you get a little bit of outgrowth above that…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Brett Linzey: Could you kind of square that for me?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I mean that’s the math, right, it’s kind of flattish to modestly up, given the environment. Back at the Baird Conference, of course, I think I – my – I gave my talk on the on the day of the election. I said I thought that world was going to be kind of negative 1 to plus 1. And I’m still kind of there maybe with even more volatility, given what’s going on. So maybe I’ll revert back to negative 2 to plus 2. But yes, my overall view has changed a lot obviously. The strengthening of the dollar plays into this and then obviously hit us as we think about 2017. And then there’s just a lot of uncertainty right that’s – it’s really hard to peg.
Brett Linzey: Yes. Okay, great. Thanks Andy.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano from Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Giordano: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions.
Andrew Silvernail: You bet.
Joseph Giordano: I just wanted to talk FMT orders a little bit here. I’d strip out forget about like the year-on-year just looking sequentially pretty flat. I’m trying to reconcile that with what some others have said on the short cycle a bit of a budget flush happened in 4Q. So would you have expected like how do that – how did the orders come in for that segment versus how you might have thought.? And then I appreciate your conservatism for 2007, as it’s appropriate, but…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So the energy business sequentially was down and that was really kind of tied to the LPG business. And so other than that, sequentially look pretty similar, not a lot of changes from what we saw in the third quarter.
Joseph Giordano: Okay. And then on undiversified when you look at your dispensing business, obviously, you guys are outpunching that market…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Joseph Giordano: But what are you thinking – but inherent in your guidance, what are you thinking for those markets that they – that those products play in like maybe slowing down…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I think…
Joseph Giordano: Maybe at your level when you think…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I think you’re right, Joe. I think those markets are going to slow here as we look at the underlying performance. I think the business will do well. We’ve got a significant product launch that happens here a little bit later in the year that I think, it probably won’t make a big impact in 2017, but I think will be a nice going forward. But I think those underlying markets are – the growth is going to moderate to kind of flattish to 2017.
Joseph Giordano: And that’s in your guided note?
Andrew Silvernail: It is. Yes.
Joseph Giordano: Okay. And maybe just last thinking on the diversified that order growth there made the comp is a little easy, but..
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Joseph Giordano: How would you look at that regionally?
Andrew Silvernail: Well, regionally, we are having some…
William Grogan: Yes, I’d say, we had throughout the year some softness in sort of our emerging markets and we saw a pick up in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
William Grogan: So some projects that have been kind of out a bit for a while finally went to official tender and…
Andrew Silvernail: Mostly on rescue. Yes, that was kind of like…
Joseph Giordano: Are you seeing like, how was China rescue like municipal spend over there, how is that kind of looking right now?
Andrew Silvernail: Actually that was one of the big ones you’ve got better, right. So, with the anticorruption probes, things really came to a screeching halt, right. And we finally saw some – that liberated a little bit here, and we actually had a very nice win in the rescue tool market in the fourth quarter with our Dinglee brand.
Joseph Giordano: Great. Thanks, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert from Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Dankert: Good morning, guys. Thanks for putting me in here.
Andrew Silvernail: You bet.
Chris Dankert: Just one quick question. I guess talking to some of the market players on the municipal water side, that’s been an area, it’s been identified by the incoming administration as kind of a spot for investment.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Chris Dankert: There is some concern that we’re going to see a bit of a pause on the state and local side hoping to get some clarity on when do the money flow through, how do we get, it cetera, is that conservative baked in, excuse me, conservatism baked into your guidance right now or have you heard anything on that front?
Andrew Silvernail: We haven’t heard it kind of specifically that people are having a big pause. Obviously, anything where things are – where moneys are coming from a government, we [indiscernible] conservatism around there, right. So, that obviously fits there certainly around the U.S. because there is so much uncertainty. It could be a bunch of money that flows there and frankly it could get caught. There is no clarity. And so we are – that is a piece of our hesitance.
Chris Dankert: Got it, got it. And then just finally I guess, any kind of update on the footprint consolidation within diversified, how much is left to go there, any kind of timetables?
Andrew Silvernail: We are kind of – stuff we’ve announced, it’s going well. For the most part, we should have everything done here by the end of the first quarter across the company. And so, we’ve got some stuff in NPT as I mentioned before and then the specific work around the acquisitions, most of that’s actually been done that we finished up in this year, so it’s not a lot more to go.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Great, thanks so much guys.
Andrew Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bhupender Bohra from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bhupender Bohra: Hi, good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Bhupender Bohra: So, just wanted to, Andy, on your commentary on the press release here that you are seeing some encouraging indicators within North America, could you talk about that from the perspective of your customers capital spending versus maintenance spending plans, like, how do you think 2017 – any indications on the – I mean you talked about CapEx to be weak, but on the maintenance side, do you think that kind of picks up?
Andrew Silvernail: I don’t think that maintenance spend really took a big hit, right. In the world that we play in, those aren’t really optional. It really is kind of the CapEx related stuff that has been – the bulk of what drove the industrial recession. And so I think that what we are seeing earlier here in this year and late last year are very modest improvements around CapEx. And so if – what’s going to drive an acceleration is going to increases in CapEx.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay. And the other question is on China here, I think somebody did ask, but I just wanted to – could you remind us how big China is and what are you hearing from that industrial land in China, especially with the – when you look at the ISM numbers, which have been inching like above 50 for the last few months now? Thanks.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah, so, it’s – call it in the range of 5% of total business, right, so about half of that or so is done in China, for China, and another half comes from other places around the world, other businesses around the world. I would say there are certainly some modest improvements that you are seeing in China, that’s really been a real struggle for everybody here with this transition from investment to consumer. And so it is, I’m going to call it, modestly positive, but it’s not like it’s going to pick to where it was pre-2014.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I would like to hand the call back over to management for closing comments.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, thank you all very much for joining the call here today. And I know we had a lot of moving parts to talk about and I appreciate your patients and your good questions. Obviously as we think about 2017, we think about this much like the Apple the last couple of years, which is we need to make our own good fortune and I think we have positioned ourselves very well on the cost side, productivity, how we manage the balance sheet, how we deploy capital, and very importantly the growth investments that we are making for the future. And I think we are very, very well positioned regardless of what those markets do. And so, while we’ve taken probably a more conservative view of the markets, we are in a great position to take advantage of that and to drive overall profitability and returns on investment and ideally that’s going to translate into total reassurance for our shareholders. So, I want to thank our teams here at IDEX for continuing to execute extremely well and thank you all for your time and your interest in IDEX. And I look forward to talking to you here in 90 days. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-18 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Silvernail - Chairman & CEO Mike Yates - Vice President, Interim CFO & Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Advisors Steven Winoker - Bernstein Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets Nathan Jones - Stifel Brett Linzey - Vertical Research Partners Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Walter Liptak - Seaport Global Jim Foung - Gabelli & Company Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer Charley Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Joe Giordano - Cowen & Company
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you. You may begin.
Mike Yates: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending September 30, 2016. A press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's Web site at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview of the third quarter financial results. We will then provide an update on our markets and geographies and discuss our capital deployment. We will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments for the third quarter. And, finally, we will wrap up with our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2016. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering the conference ID 13620008 or you simply may log on to our company's home page for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike. Hey, I appreciate everybody joining us here for our third quarter conference call. As we get into the details here, I want to lay out a couple of very important messages. In the face of continuing macroeconomic challenges, I think there are three critical things to take away. The first is our execution has been outstanding. Whether it's profit execution or cash execution or focusing on our critical niche markets in our profit pools, our teams have done really an exceptional job around that. Second, I think we can note the power of our disciplined capital deployment, and I will go into that in detail as we walk through the call here. And, three, we are extremely well-positioned with our balance sheet and our cash flows to continue with our disciplined capital deployment to drive total shareholder return. And so as we go through the discussion today, I think those are the three key messages to keep in mind. In the quarter, we saw a ratable up tick in orders throughout the quarter, as we did in the second quarter. We delivered 2% organic growth, and that's the first time we've seen that in six quarters. And overall, the results were strong. Our orders were up 9%; our sales were up 5%. Again, organic orders were up 2%; organic sales were down 2%. We had adjusted EPS of $0.92, which was up $0.03 or 3%. But please keep in mind that included a $4.6 million inventory step-up charge related to AWG and the SFC acquisitions. Our adjusted operating margin was 20.9%. That was down 60 basis points from last year, but it was negatively impacted by that step-up that I just noted of $4.6 million. In the fourth quarter, we are going to have a remaining $5.2 million of step-up for the SFC acquisition, and I will go through that in more detail. But I think it is important to note that in the quarter, we saw an impact of about $0.04 a share in step-up, and it impacted our operating margin by 90 basis points. In the quarter, we had tremendous cash production $125 million of operating cash production and $114 million of free cash flow, which I will note is a record. We did close the two acquisitions in the quarter, AWG and SFC. AWG was on July 1 and SFC was on August 31. And we are delighted to have both of them as part of the IDEX family. And I will talk a minute more about how they fit and our outlook for those businesses. Additionally, we divested two non-strategic product lines in the quarter, and we did the third here in the first part of October. We also made the decision to utilize $125 million of our overseas cash to partially fund the acquisitions. That did come at a cost of about $5.2 million in the quarter and it raised our effective tax rate to 29.6% versus our guidance of 27%. That had a $0.03 negative impact on our adjusted EPS for the quarter. And, again, I'm going to -- in just a few minutes, I'm going to take some time and walk you through the puts and takes so you can get a clean sense of what our operating earnings were for the quarter and what you should expect going forward. Before I do that, however, let me talk a little bit about what we're seeing in our core markets and geographies. Really the trends remain the same from what we have been talking about for the last three quarters or so. In our energy world, demand does remain weak. It impacts our energy, our banded and ceiling solutions platforms, but it is certainly no worse than we have seen at any one time, and we have talked about stability in some of those markets. And that goes true for our industrial world, especially in industrial distribution. We have seen stability; we talked about that in the second quarter. And we have seen sequential stability from Q1 until today in certainly in our day rate business. On the ag side, ag prices continue to be depressed. We did see a little bit of upside here in the quarter for the first time in quite some time. And although we are certainly not calling an improvement here, we do believe that we've seen a bottom. Life science and scientific fluidics continues to outperform. This has been a great story for us for quite some time and it will be going forward. Our core markets of bio, analytical instrumentation and IBD are all doing well. With that said there has been some news lately about what's going on in the genetic sequencing world, so I want to take a second and just address that. First and foremost, that is a great segment of the market that is going to grow double-digit for the foreseeable future and is going to have legs for a long time to come. And so, we like our position in that market, we like our -- where we are positioned with customers in that market. But also remember we don't have a single customer within IDEX that represents more than 2% of our sales. And so there has been some -- we have seen some commentary lately suggesting that it is substantially higher than that, but I just want to make sure that we were accurate: that no customer represents more than 2% of our sales. We are bullish about these markets as we go forward, and we will continue to make bets aligned with those markets. Municipal, it remains solid, and we do expect to see modest increases going forward, as we've noted in the past discussions. Around certain regions, North America, the story here is really around what is happening around industrial and energy markets, principally around industrial distribution. And we expect that to be, as I just mentioned a minute ago, stable, but really no signs yet of recovery. Europe, obviously with what's going on in the U.K., it brings some volatility. We haven't seen any direct impact to our business in Europe. It has been positive for us this year, especially around our dispensing and our water businesses. In China -- or Asia, rather, China has been muted. And India has been a very good new story for us, especially around our fire, our rescue, our energy and our dispensing businesses. All right. Let me pivot for a moment and move from markets to talk about capital deployment because that's been a big piece of our story here in 2015 and now 2016. If you think about our value creation model, it is very much supported by a balanced and disciplined capital deployment strategy. And we're going to fully fund organic growth. We've always made a commitment to do that, and we will continue to do that. We are going to pay consistent shareholder dividends. We will buy back shares when it makes sense to create value, and we are going to focus on executing in M&A. We've got a great balance sheet, strong free cash flows and a good acquisition pipeline as we think about the balance of 2016 and certainly into the future. On M&A, we have put over $0.5 billion to work here this year including AWG, SFC and also Akron earlier in the year. If you think about AWG and Akron in particular, it has helped us build a terrific fire and safety platform. We have channel opportunities, we have innovation opportunities and we certainly have cost opportunities to drive this portfolio into the future. We also completed the acquisition of SFC Koenig on August 31. That cost us €217 million and we have got a great business here based in Switzerland. They are a global leader around highly engineered metal-per-metals seals. It really focuses on high pressure and high temperature and transportation to hydraulic markets, but it is very scalable. As I think about opportunities in their core business to take market share and in adjacent businesses around aerospace and medical, we have a terrific business in SFC. And we're delighted to have all three as part of the IDEX family. Other elements of capital deployment, this year we have spent $55 million buying back 739,000 shares at an average price of $74 a share. So I think we've executed that well. As I mentioned before, we are going to fully fund organic growth. We've taken an aggressive segmentation to our portfolio thinking about where we have great advantages in niches and where the profit pools are really attractive. And we continue to drive investment in that for above-market growth. And then finally on dividends, we have told you for a long time now our goal is 30% to 35% of net income, and we will continue to execute around that. The last element I want to talk about with capital deployment is really the position of our balance sheet. And I think this is critical as you think about our ability to drive total shareholder return for the long-term. As I noted earlier, we utilized $125 million of our global cash to fund our Q3 acquisitions. This did drive a higher than expected quarterly tax rate, but we thought it was prudent, given where the cash sat around the world, our ability to put money to work in attractive return versus sitting idle. And I think it's important to note that our long-term debt balance increased only $45 million when you compare September 30 to June 30, even while we invested $288 million of capital into AWG and SFC in the third quarter. And so we sit today at only around 2 times leveraged on an EBITDA basis -- on a gross EBITDA basis and we've got plenty of capital availability. We've got $450 million of revolver. And if you think about the last three years, we have averaged about $335 million of free cash flow. And we've got $240 million still sitting on our balance sheet. So as we think about our ability in the next three years to deploy $1 billion of capital, I feel very comfortable that we are able to do that. As I mentioned before, we have divested three product lines in 2016. Two of those happened in the third quarter and one just at the beginning of the fourth quarter. And this is really an emphasis around optimizing our portfolio. We have talked a little bit about this in the future. These are not big businesses, nor do we expect to divest large chunks of business. But we do want to always think about positioning our product portfolio as we go forward. I think it's important to note if you take the acquisitions that we've done and the small divestitures that we've done, I want you to think about the impact that we expect going forward into 2017. The bottom line is that we expect about $0.25 of incremental earnings in 2017 from the combination of our acquisitions minus the small impacted divestitures. So, again, $0.25 of incremental impact in 2017 compared to 2016. All right. With that, let's move to Slide 4, and we will start to talk about the results and then I will get into the segments. So, in the third quarter, we had orders were up $530 million -- or, excuse me, $530 million, up 9% -- 2% organically. And, again, that was the first improvement we have seen since the first quarter of 2015. Revenue was also $530 million. That was up 5%, but down 2% organically. And then operating margin for the quarter was at 20.5%. However, as I mentioned before, it was at 20.9% when you think about the net loss on the divestitures. And that was down 60 basis points year-over-year, but it was due to a 90-basis-points of pressure from the fair value inventory step-up that I walked you through earlier. Cash flow again was a great story -- $125 million of cash from operations, $114 million of free cash flow. That was 163% of net income and that was up $9 million, or 9%, from last year. Net income was $70 million. That delivered GAAP EPS of $0.91. If you take into account the loss in the divestitures, adjusted EPS was $0.92 and again, up $0.03 or up 3% from last year. All right. As I mentioned at my opening, I want to give you some color and some detail around the puts and takes of the quarter because I know there was a lot out there. And I think it's important to be able to link back to our guidance. We had guided adjusted EPS of $0.92 -- excuse me, $0.90 to $0.92. If you take the high-end of our guidance, here is the puts and takes that you should consider. We had $0.02 of pressure from the SFC acquisition. That was $0.03 of fair value inventory step-up offset by $0.01 of goodness from operations. We had $0.03 of pressure from the additional tax expense that I mentioned from our higher tax rate. We had $0.02 of favorability from FX. And we had a $0.03 -- overall, we had a $0.03 operational beat. So a way to look at this from a clean perspective on the operating power of the business in the quarter is we had a $0.95 operating quarter and we improved operating margins on an apples-for-apples basis. So as you think about what we delivered for the quarter, that is the clean view of what we delivered for the quarter. Okay, let's turn now to the segment discussions. I'm on Slide 6, and let's start with fluid metering. In the quarter, orders decreased 1% and organic sales were flat. Operating margin increased 340 basis points. That was driven primarily by the fair value inventory step-up that we had last year when we bought Alpha and that was a $2.5 million impact in the third quarter of last year. Our energy markets, I have already talked about generally. A little bit more detail. Aviation remains good for us. Obviously, the low fuel price and what we're doing to develop channels is helping us improve that market, but certainly being offset by what we're seeing in the mobile markets and in LPG, which remains challenged. Water has been a good story for us. The municipal markets remain solid, especially around water services. Industrial, I talked about quite a bit already. We are seeing sequential stability. Day rates are holding. I think that the biggest thing that we are seeing is that is a negative is we have seen projects -- not big projects because, as you know, we typically are not involved in big projects. But whether it is in FMT or the industrial aspects of HST, we have seen projects pushed out and delayed and/or canceled. And that is putting some pressure on the forward-looking point of view in terms of sales in the fourth quarter of this year. Ag, as I said, it still remains soft, but we have seen some positive movement here in the fourth quarter. Again, while we like the sustained improvement, we are certainly not ready to call it a significant turn. And so I think we're going to see a little bit better results than we've seen here in the past, but -- and we have hit a bottom, but I don't think it's too early to call for a major upturn. With that, let's turn to Slide 7, and we will talk about health and science. As I mentioned before, the life sciences and the scientific markets remain positive. These are businesses that have been on a nice growth trajectory here for quite some time and we're excited about where we sit in the marketplace. That has been offset by the industrial-facing portions of that segment. So about half of HST is traditionally scientific and life science related, and about half has an industrial aspect to it. And so we are seeing the offsets of the strength and the weakness in those markets. We did see 4% organic order growth in HST in the quarter. We did have organic sales that were down 1%. Operating margin decreased 140 basis points really from everything I've talked about with the fair value inventory step-up with SFC. In scientific fluidics, again, continues to be strong. The major end-markets are doing well and exceeding expectations. The three markets of analytical instrumentation, bio and IVD have all delivered at or above our expectations, and we expect that to remain throughout this year and continue to have a good story into next year. Ceiling solutions -- the scientific part of that that is going into semiconductor is doing well. The part that is in oil and gas obviously has been challenged. And we love what SFC brings to this part of our business. Industrial side, I already mentioned the weakness that's been there. We did see some weakness specifically around our industrial-facing businesses in HST, our gas, our micro pump business and the industrial parts of material process. And so we are keeping a close eye on those things going forward. And then finally, in MPT, our material process business, the pharma story continues to be good. But the longer-cycle CapEx has seen some pressure, as I mentioned before. All right. I'm on our final segment; I'm on Slide 8, and that's diversified. Organic orders increased 4% in the quarter, but it was down 6% in organic sales. Margins were down 750 basis points. They are exactly what we expected to happen. You had the impact of the step up from AWG and you also had the mixed impact that we would expect from new businesses coming in that have more amortization and bring down the overall portfolio mix. Going forward, we think an op margin in the 25% range is where we will sit today, but you should expect us to improve that over time as we bring AWG and Akron and those margins forward. We have talked about a 500 basis point improvement over time and there's no reason to believe that that won't happen. Our integration is going -- on both of those are just going well and we're happy with the progress. In terms of dispensing, it's been a fantastic story. The business continues to outperform. X-Smart has been a huge winner for us in this business. We are executing well in all three major regions and we expect that to be a good news story going forward. In fire and rescue, obviously the big news is bringing Akron and AWG into that portfolio, driving the synergies in the business. We are seeing some nice improvements already. Our integration is going well. We did here in early in the fourth quarter announce internally that we are doing some restructuring around facility consolidation and driving the benefits of this business. So you will see a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter, and we are doing exactly what we said we would do. In terms of Band-It, we are seeing strength in transportation. That business offset by weakness in oil and gas are really the same headwinds we've seen in the past. But they have just done, once again, a terrific job on profit execution, focusing on niche markets where they can go get some growth and we really like this business for the long-term. All right. I am on our final slide, I'm on Slide 9, and I want to talk about the fourth quarter and full-year guidance. So, in the fourth quarter, we estimate EPS to be in the range of $0.92 to $0.94. That allows us to maintain the midpoint of our guidance and for the year, $3.72 to $3.74 despite the headwinds that we've talked about. So, there has been a little bit of confusion about, again, the underlying operating earnings, so let me walk you through that a little bit. So we're guiding $0.92 to $0.94 of adjusted EPS. That's going to include about $0.02 of pressure from the SFC acquisition. So that's -- when we think about that, you are going to have some incremental step-up, and then, you're going to have the operating impact. So we're going to get about $0.03 of operating goodness from SFC in the quarter, but it's going to be offset by $0.05 of inventory step-up. So there's going to be $0.02 negative. And we're going to get another -- approximately $0.01 of pressure from the divestitures. So, again, while we're guiding $0.92 to $0.94, the operating -- underlying operating capability is more like $0.95 to $0.97. And you can see how that impacts the quarter and, again, what that looks like for real operating capability for the year. A few more modeling items. We expect organic revenue growth of approximately 1% in the quarter. Operating margins will be 19.5%, but, again, that includes the $5.2 million of step-up. So we're going to have a nice, strong operating profit margin on an ongoing basis as we think about the fourth quarter and exit rate into the year. You should expect the tax rate to be back to its 27% rate, so not at the 29.6% that you saw this quarter. All right. For the full year, we expect organic revenue to be down 1% and adjusted operating margin to come in at about 20.5%. So, really outstanding profit margin given all the things that we have discussed. We expect full-year CapEx to come in at $40 million, free cash flow to be about 120% of net income. And in total, we will reduce our share count by about 1% for the year, given what we have already executed in the year. As always, as we think about our guidance, we don't include anything from future acquisitions or divestitures, any charges related to pension settlements or any costs related to restructuring actions. So with that, let me turn it over to the operator, and we will open it up for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo Advisors. Please proceed with your questions.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Andy, could you delve into the health and science a little bit more? I would say I guess one of your customers was talking about concerns of oversupply and obviously potentially NIH funding slowing, but obviously orders were strong. So I'm just trying to reconcile the differences in those comments.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So I want to be careful here. We never talk about any specific customer, right?
Allison Poliniak: Sure.
Andy Silvernail: So I think that generally if you step back and you look at that landscape. So whether it is -- you are looking at genetic sequencing, analytical instrumentation generally, in vitro diagnostics more broadly, we are seeing the trends continuing to be very good. And you see -- if you look at sequencing in particular, that is still going to be a double-digit growth market. It's a market that is going through change as it's moving from, call it, a research tool to a production tool or a commercial tool. And so you will see changes in the landscape there. But we are positioned exceptionally well across that customer base in that market. And, of course, our traditional markets in IVD and analytic instrumentation. What you can see across the board is strength. And if you look at funding that is expected, assuming that the funding trends that we have seen happen that's actually a pretty good news story. So when it's all said and done, as I look at those markets, over the next certainly year and more into the future, I think that's a very good news story for us.
Allison Poliniak: That's great. Thanks. And then obviously, you guys have done very well on the capital deployment side, deployed a lot towards acquisitions this year. Just with the prolonged industrial malaise that we've experienced, have you noticed any sort of changes in the M&A environment? Whether people -- especially smaller business are trying -- are becoming more active in terms of setting themselves up for sale? Pricing declines or anything of that nature?
Andy Silvernail: I don't think there's been a meaningful break yet in that. Meaning that some of the more expensive assets, are they -- are we seeing a more reasonable perspective on valuation. I wouldn't say that yet. When you look at the things that are in the energy markets, a lot of people -- they had outside the expectation some time ago, and now they're struggling with the reality of their operating capability and so they are not ready to part with those businesses and depressed multiples. But our pipeline looks like it has looked for a long time, right? So it's entirely a cultivated pipeline. We have been working on it actively. And so that really doesn't change quarter-to-quarter very much for us. What changes is the activity from the -- really the auction world. And what I would say is that from the auction world, that has slowed down here recently in the last two quarters. But that is not the principal piece of how we think about M&A anyway. But I do expect there to be more activity going forward in our marketplace as people rectify what their operating capabilities really are and prices. So we will keep working at the way we've done it and try to drive it at the same level that you would expect us to.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks so much.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Allison.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Winoker: Thanks and good morning, Andy and Mike.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Mike Yates: Good morning.
Steven Winoker: Just a couple or a few quick questions. First, the exit rate for Q4, when you're thinking about that looking forward and talking about 1%, we had talked last quarter about the reasonableness of the expectations at the time that you might hit a 4% organic growth in the quarter. And the early reads if you think about it, I guess we talked about rescue tools, X-Smart, oil and gas, distribution. Maybe just give us a better sense for your Q4 read now. What are the biggest drivers of that change?
Andy Silvernail: You mean looking at kind of a 3% or 4% up versus a 1% up? Is that what you mean, Steve?
Steven Winoker: Yes, yes. Yes, exactly.
Andy Silvernail: The biggest thing in there is really the day rates are actually -- are very much what we have looked at. There's not a lot of change in there. But when you think of things that have a bigger CapEx component to it, you are seeing those things get pushed out. And those aren't a big piece of our overall business. But they are -- if you look at the marketplace, and it doesn't really matter what segment you look in, they are absent right now. And so what I view is happening is kind of continued pause and hesitancy around anything with a larger ticket item associated with it. That is the biggest change. But if you look at general day rates, that looks like it has looked like for a long time.
Steven Winoker: Okay, okay. And then if I sort of extend that -- I'm not asking for you guys to do this yet, but if I take the 1% exit -- 1% for the quarter, and talk about 1% to 2% organic next year, you guys usually talk about like a 30% to 35% incremental on 3% growth. So if I take 25% to 30% here, that would normally give me another $0.09 or $0.10 on the midpoint plus the -- almost the full $0.25 that you mentioned because there will be some overlap as that goes organic. That still gets me kind of 8% to 10% EPS growth next year. Am I missing any kind of big movers in either direction there?
Andy Silvernail: No. I do think right when we come out with our guidance for the quarter, is it -- the pivot is going to be what do you think the underlying industrial growth rates are going to be, right? So your logic -- I understand your logic. It's not dissimilar to how we're thinking about it. I'm not prepared to make that call here today, but I think your logic is sound.
Steven Winoker: Okay. Then one last just technical question, maybe more for Mike, I guess. Just help me understand why you didn't just borrow the money given interest rates today instead of repatriating back with the tax penalty and your low leverage levels.
Mike Yates: Sure. Well, we've got -- went ahead and made a decision to bring the money back from all over the globe really to get the benefit today and optimize our balance sheet and to get it out of some of the areas in the world where -- we did bring about $50 million out of China, actually. So we wanted to get that money out of China, and it made a lot of sense to us. And there was -- that was the real driver in some of the costs that we incurred in the quarter.
Steven Winoker: Okay, that makes more sense. Thank you. I will pass it on.
Andy Silvernail: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Hey, good morning, Andy. Good morning, Mike. Very nice quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you. Good morning, Scott.
Scott Graham: I just want to maybe ask a previous question a little bit differently around organic growth. Maybe kind of getting to the exit rate is the endgame. But more importantly for the full quarter, if you are expecting organic up about 1% in the fourth quarter and we were kind of down 2% this quarter, could you maybe tell us the segments where you see that delta coming from?
Andy Silvernail: It's -- so there actually isn't a lot of puts and takes. You've got some pretty consistent performance. We are not seeing one thing driving major differences. That being said, if you kind of look at how it's flowing, we've got about 2% incremental order growth in the quarter. And -- so I think we are in a pretty good position relative to delivering on the quarter, but it will be driven by the day rate business. Mike, anything you'd add?
Mike Yates: No. I think SFC is a little stronger in Q4, that there's some strength there in the forecast. So that's part of it.
Scott Graham: Let me maybe -- if I could just paraphrase this, sort of the better markets are kind of staying better and the weaker markets are getting last weak.
Mike Yates: Well, I think -- I wouldn't say they're getting less week. I would just say they're stable. Now, they are getting less weak on a -- as you start to look at year-over-year comparisons.
Scott Graham: Yes, that's what I mean. Yes.
Mike Yates: But from a sequential standpoint, things are looking like they have looked like for quite some time.
Scott Graham: I'm with you. My second question is maybe something we have -- I hope to get back to something we haven't talked about in a while. And your driving of the margin continues to impress. I guess in the past, you guys used to talk about a certain dollar level of productivity savings. And I know you think about that a little bit differently now, Andy. But if we -- for the sake of modeling, one of the things that I talked about with Heath from time to time was something north of $30 million, south of $40 million of productivity has been kind of last couple year goal. Is that still in the realm?
Andy Silvernail: Well, I think -- how we've talked about it for a long time here now, Scott, is you start the year with, we'll call it, natural inflation. And today, given the kind of material prices, that is just not a big number right now. But you go into the year with just wage inflation and basic overhead inflation, it looks like kind of $15 million or so -- could be $15 million to $20 million, right? So to hold your own, you've got to cover that. That is the starting bogie. And then to drive incremental profitability and margin expansion, that's where you start to have to get north of $20 million. And that's been our consistent goal historically is to be able to drive productivity so we are getting net benefit. And so that's why we have always talked about our ability to drive incremental margins even in a low-growth environment. So even if you have a single -- a low single-digit organic growth environment, when you think about our ability to continue to get price, we would expect to see margin expansion.
Mike Yates: And that allows price then, Scott, to flow through if we can get productivity to offset inflation and material inflation.
Scott Graham: Yes, no, I get it. My number was a gross number, so I think we are on the same page. Thanks a lot.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Scott. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Nathan. Good morning.
Nathan Jones: Andy, I wonder if we could try and parse out a little bit more into the industrial end markets and where you have seen maybe things be better or less bad, and where you have seen things be maybe a little bit worse. I know it's hard seeing that a lot of it goes through distribution, but just any color you can provide there.
Andy Silvernail: One of the surprising things in this marketplace is once we've got past the steep drop in the energy-related markets, then what you saw happen was this ripple effect that went across the general industrial landscape. And so it is a little bit of an unusual situation right now where you are seeing performance across the industrial landscape all look pretty similar, right? So if you were at look at, say, our gas business, our Viking business, Warren Rupp, Band-It, things that are kind of -- that sit centrally -- and I'm going to call it general industrial. It is surprising how evenly split across those different markets the malaise is. And so, again, we had to get past that commodity-driven issues. But I think one of the signals that that sends to me Nathan is, again, back to this -- I'm going to call this just -- it's a big pause that has been out there for quite some time. And people are looking for a catalyst. And so we see it up and down the supply chain. We see it from our customers back through how we are behaving and our supply chain. And everybody is at that pause, and you see it from how capital is being deployed, meaning big CapEx, to the interval of orders. So, where in the past you would see larger blanket orders in annual time frames and quarterly, a lot of that stuff has just gone away, and you are now dealing in a world with general releases. And so it's -- again, it's surprising how general this is. Obviously, I think the energy markets are still worse than anything with some -- volatility depends upon the price of oil. But across the rest of the industrial landscape, it is surprisingly cohesive what we're seeing.
Nathan Jones: Surprisingly cohesive in a non-cohesive market? So I guess maybe a little philosophical question for you here that maybe talks a little bit about 2017. We have seen a lack of volatility in oil price over the last probably six months. Prices are high, things are better. Is that something that you would expect to play through as that general ripple effect across general industrial markets in a more positive way, if we can maintain that kind of at least stable and maybe improving energy prices?
Andy Silvernail: The short answer to it is yes. I think that the magnitude is what you have to put your finger on. So if you see oil prices back in this $50 to $60 range, it's going to be a slow roll of how that impacts things over time. So you will get the impact of production happening, you will get the wellhead impact, but how that moves its way through the general economy, I think, will take some time.
Nathan Jones: Fair enough. Could you just give any more color on the different parts of the water markets that you are playing in? There's been a few reports. There is one out this morning from a water player with not such great results -- just what you are seeing there.
Andy Silvernail: The water services is where the strength is right now. If you look at that for us -- so as an example, our ABS business has had terrific results. Some of that, I think, is taking share. Some of that has been a decent spend in the municipal space. I think -- I've said in the past that I thought municipal was going to have some good legs here for the foreseeable future. I still believe that to be true. But let's make sure that we are watching that quarter-to-quarter and what happens there. But for us, water services has been the brightest spot.
Nathan Jones: All right. Thanks very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Nathan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hi.
Mike Yates: Good morning.
Brett Linzey: Great quarter. Hey, just wanted to circle back on the completed deals for this year. Clearly strong free cash flow generation in the quarter. Do those deals come into the mix neutral to free cash flow conversion? Just trying to get a sense as to what the opportunity is outside margins and growth, but more focused on free cash flow and the 120% conversion you are doing this year and expectations going forward.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I think -- I will let Mike comment on it this also. So generally, right, these are going to be accretive to free cash flow conversion because of the amortization effect, right? So you are going to see that positively, generally. And they are all asset-light businesses. None of these businesses that we brought on are heavy capital in any way. And so you would expect to see across them really improvements in working capital over time. Improvements in margin. No need to inject big CapEx, so they should be positive. Is that fair, Mike?
Mike Yates: Yes, that's right. Both -- all three deals help cash flow in the quarter, right? Because -- they may not help earnings because of the step up in the amortization, but on a cash basis, it definitely helps free cash flow in the quarter.
Brett Linzey: Okay, no. That helps. And I guess shifting gears to FMT, obviously very good margins there. Are you able to order-rank the contributors of that margin expansion between net restructuring carryover, mix, leverage? It just seems like a very big number just trying to understand the parts of the different pieces there.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, three things happening there, right? The first one is some of our bigger businesses within there, they did restructuring last year and we have certainly seen the benefits of that. Second is you've got some positive mix -- that's not a big number. But third, and importantly we talked a lot about the impact of our fixed businesses and we've had great results from that and a bunch of those businesses sitting in the FMT portfolio. And I really should say -- I should add price. We continue to get positive price in FMT and those -- so really it's four things, not three, that really matter and continue to drive margin expansion.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. I will pass along. Thanks, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Brett.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Deane.
Mike Yates: Hi, Deane.
Deane Dray: I was hoping to stay in fluid metering for a moment. And Andy, if you could expand on the point about some of the push-outs you saw in the quarter, maybe this was all part of that general pause and some hesitancy on bigger-ticket items, but some context there. And are these pushed into 4Q or is it uncertain when they would actually come through?
Andy Silvernail: I think it's uncertain, Deane. I think we've talked about this in a number of the past quarters that we have seen things get pushed, delayed, whatever. And my view is that until you get some confidence back in, these things are going to sit out there -- so anything with big-ticket CapEx associated with them. So if you look at energy as an example, you're going to see -- if you assume that energy prices are in that $50 to $60 range, you will see excess capacity get absorbed in 2017, and then you will see new CapEx coming in, in 2018. And while it tends to be more cyclical than the rest of the general industrial, I think it's a good proxy for what we're seeing across the industrial landscape.
Deane Dray: Okay. That's real helpful. Then just make sure we have got the modeling set up for the fourth quarter, you mentioned a couple different charges. So there's restructuring in fire and safety, and there's also going to be a pension charge?
Andy Silvernail: That's right. That's correct. We haven't put our arms around it exactly what those will look like. But obviously, we will provide the detail. So we will do some restructuring, as we expected we would when we did those acquisitions. And the pension will play itself out here in the fourth quarter.
Deane Dray: And that's a mix of cash and non-cash?
Andy Silvernail: That is all cash. The pension will be cash. About 75% of it will be cash, and then the restructuring will be mostly cash also.
Mike Yates: Yes, yes.
Deane Dray: Got it. And just a last question -- any update on the CFO search? Any timing expectations?
Andy Silvernail: Our general expectation is -- these things take six months or so. And so if you focus in around the end of January, some time into February that would be our expectation for finalizing it.
Deane Dray: Great. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Deane.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Mishan: Thank you. Good morning, Andy and Mike.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Mike Yates: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Mishan: I wanted to drill down a little bit further into life sciences. The orders were clearly very strong there in the quarter. But the customer that warned, they didn't really see it until late in 3Q and then really took down 4Q expectations. Couldn't that result in a bit of an inventory overhang for you? And then can you also talk a little bit about what you are seeing with some of your broader life science customers later in the quarter and early in the fourth quarter? And should we feel confident that it's a genomics or a single customer -- let's call it a transitory headwind and not a little bit broader?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so again, I want to be really, really careful. We don't comment on any specific customer. So, what -- we are -- where we sit in the food chain, what we experience in our numbers tends to be -- was already played out for us by the time it has played out in the markets for our customers generally. Just because of how that works in the supply chain and timing, et cetera. And so we don't see a major change in the fourth quarter based on anything you see out there in the marketplace. And also I think it's really important to note that this is -- we're talking about no customer being more than 2% of sales. So we don't have a single customer that is material to the IDEX results as we think about that in the portfolio. So with that said, as I think about the broader life sciences market, I think there's always bumps in there. Every six or so quarters, you'll see a bump in these marketplaces based on when products are shipping, et cetera, product life cycles, supply chain. But the story is a good news story. We have seen strength in those markets; we expect to see strength in those markets going forward and for those to be above the IDEX average in terms of growth.
Matthew Mishan: Okay, great. And just a bigger-picture question for me on the type of -- on the projects that are being pulled. What do you think needs to happen for those to be given the thumbs up from your customers?
Andy Silvernail: I think it's a combination of sustained improvement in a commodities world -- and this sounds like such a weak answer, but confidence. There is a general lack of confidence in spending money and putting yourself out forward and putting a lot of capital forward. And so I think that confidence is a combination of two years of a pretty soft market, a very uncertain political environment that people just aren't comfortable with how things are going to want to play out. And I think that really needs to happen. A little bit of improvement in the overall economic growth rate would go a long way. Certainly people are seeing this is starting to play through in wage inflation. And see what's going to happen in the global marketplace. So you are seeing some elements of it spark there, but in general, you are not seeing that catalyst that is going to push that forward. And as we think about our 2017 planning, we don't see a catalyst. We don't see that happening. We are well-positioned to deal with it if it does. We have always said time and again that we are very able to react on the upside and we never want to get caught on the downside. And so for our ability to mobilize and execute a faster environment, we feel really comfortable around that in terms of supply chain and our ability to produce. And at the same time, we think that this environment is going to continue here into 2017.
Matthew Mishan: All right. Thank you very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Walt.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask about the productivity gains that you're getting and wondering what inning you are in the process that you have been doing to get margins to where they are now.
Andy Silvernail: You know, Walt, I feel really comfortable that we can continue to drive productivity. I'll tell you, what has accelerated our gains this year has been around the focus we've had on about a quarter of our portfolio that are fixed businesses. We told you earlier in the year that that makes up about 25% of our business. Into this year, we are almost 300 basis points better in profitability around those businesses. And so that has just been a very, very good news story. And let's keep in mind, too, that we are delivering this kind of margin profile with some of our bellwether, most profitable companies struggling that have really been hit most by this commodity and overall industrial distribution. So if you think about Viking, Warren Rupp, Band-It, Banjo and even rescue tools -- so rescue tools has -- it's a different struggle for rescue tools because of the weakness in emerging markets around sovereign budget. But if you look at those five businesses, those are big profit contributors to this company. And they have been hit squarely with the headwind. And what we have been able to do is be able to really deliver the quality of earnings in those businesses, continued -- very, very high quality of earnings in those businesses and cash flow and at the same time still drive overall margin potential with what we're doing in the rest of the business. So, when I think about our execution and our positioning for any kind of improvement, we are in a good spot.
Walter Liptak: Okay, all right. That sounds great. Is there a number that we can think of -- I know you give the leverage number. But in terms of where you think you can get operating -- adjusted operating margins if you go a couple years out, is there a number that you think the whole business can get to?
Andy Silvernail: Walt, with modest growth, a couple of points. We can get 50 plus --
Mike Yates: 50 to 80 basis points of margin improvement, Walt, is what we have kind of said.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, with a couple of points growth. And that breakeven point, when I say breakeven point, I mean the point at which we can still expand margins has gone down substantially and our ability to drive productivity. And so if we continue to see a soft environment, we will still get better margins going forward.
Walter Liptak: Okay, that's great. All right. Thanks, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Walt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Foung with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Foung: Hi. Good morning, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Jim.
Jim Foung: Good quarter -- quarter earnings here.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Jim Foung: I want to ask you -- so pro forma for the recent acquisitions, how much of your businesses are now moving to book and ship versus capital projects?
Andy Silvernail: The vast majority of our businesses are -- we are looking at book and ship. I'm not sure I can give you a specific number. But big capital projects, they have never been a big piece of our business. But they can swing -- they can certainly swing in terms of volatility in any one quarter and some of that we're seeing right now. But, historically we go into a quarter with half the quarter booked. And you've got to deliver a book and ship in the quarter of about half the business. And so that is what that kind of looks like. Now for us, no material difference. The difference is I think the larger CapEx really are the things that we have had in the past and were a buffer. Those have certainly been pushed or canceled.
Jim Foung: Right. So at the margin, that can be a swing for you…
Andy Silvernail: It can. If you look at where we stand today and our expectations for fourth quarter organic, that is the big pivot. But at the same time, we are finding ways to cover it. We are finding ways to still grow income and do a great job around cash.
Jim Foung: Right, okay. And then could you just talk about that 500 basis point improvement from the acquisition, AWG and Akron? And I guess also maybe SFC, what kind of positive surprises you might see there?
Andy Silvernail: I think -- let me talk about SFC first. That's a very high-margin business and that is really around a growth story. So that's our focus with SFC. And by the way, with AWG and Akron, growth is a critical component to the overall story. But recognizing that when we bought the businesses, we saw more opportunity to get the margin profile -- margin profiles in line with our core IDEX business -- and that's about 500 basis points in total. And Akron has been part of the portfolio a little bit longer. Back earlier in the year, we bought the business. We have had great results so far with it, and AWG is a terrific fit. You put that together with our other safety and rescue assets, there's a lot of opportunity to grow the business and to improve margin profile.
Jim Foung: Any kind of timetable in terms of when you might see the margin improvement coming?
Andy Silvernail: I think what we have said in the past and I wouldn't change it, is there is no reason you wouldn't see a couple hundred basis points out of the gate for those businesses and then the balance over three years. So I think it takes three years to get 500 basis points, but there's no reason you wouldn't see a couple hundred basis points in that first year.
Jim Foung: Great. Thank you so much. That's all I have.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Giannakouros with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Giannakouros: Good morning, Andy and Mike. Thanks for taking my question.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Jim.
Jim Giannakouros: Your comments on 4Q restructuring, were they isolated to integrating your recent acquisitions, or are there other restructuring actions potentially in play? Just noting that historically you have taken the opportunity to do some of that activity in other segments.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Jim, so the bulk of it is from the acquisitions, but there are a few other areas that we are taking the opportunity to do some consolidation and get some leverage. And so we will see some improvement in some other businesses also.
Jim Giannakouros: Okay. And then to understand the divestitures, I know that they are small, but was there a certain growth profile that just didn't make your -- you didn't see the outlook as strong as you would like or a certain margin profile that just didn't make the cut? What drove the decision to divest those -- each of those? And did you mention -- and I missed it if you did -- what that third divestitures was in early October?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, let me talk about the rationale behind it. When we think about these things, it's not necessarily just a growth profile that we're looking at. It is really around how are they going to be advantaged or disadvantaged long-term with us as the owners. And so with the things that we have sold, we have sold them principally to people who have one of two things; either a different expectation of long-term performance than we have, but, more importantly, the ability to better position that business with an asset that they own. And so -- and we have elected to not make the investment to get that competitive scale. So what you are seeing us do are sell relatively small things or very small things that don't have a unique advantage today that really need some kind of relative competitive scale. And we are selling those things that we don't -- we have decided that it's not worth the organic or inorganic investment to us, that the opportunities are elsewhere and that's really how we have been making those decisions. And also keep in mind things that are small and don't have the kind of advantage that we look for in business, they take a lot of management time. They are disproportionate in what they require from a management time and we would rather put those resources elsewhere. In terms of -- have we said what our -- the businesses -- their business?
Mike Yates: No.
Andy Silvernail: We have not published that yet, so we won't do so. But we're talking something that is small. You'll see it as things roll out here in the next few weeks.
Jim Giannakouros: Got it, okay. And one last one if I may and I apologize if I did miss it. When you talk about FMT, you talk about general industrials being the swing factor there as far as your organic prospects. But did you comment specifically on CFP? And if not, could you get a little granular there on what you're seeing in those specific end-markets?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, you are really talking about Viking and Warren Rupp for the most part. When you say CFP that is the bulk of it, right, Richter whatnot. Really the same factors we're talking about generally. Those are the big pieces of us -- of our FMT business is based in the general industrial world. And they have had a tough go in 2017. They have been hit disproportionately to the pressures that we are seeing in energy and the general industrial markets. But, again, all of those businesses have seen sequential stability in their day rate business with some incremental negative on the CapEx side.
Jim Giannakouros: Got it. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charley Brady with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Charley Brady: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Just want to -- a quick one on the commentary on ag saying that you saw a slight up tick, I know you are not calling the market, but I can't recall anyone else saying ag is up. So -- 
Andy Silvernail: That's why we want to be very careful in saying I'm not going to call this an inflection point. I think that would be a mistake. We saw some improvement in the quarter. It's been a tough story overall. But, we did see some sequential improvement in the quarter and some year-over-year improvement in the quarter. But I think -- let's be hesitant on that one. It was good to see, but we've got to have a lot more data points before I make any commentary that I think it's -- we have seen a sustainable inflection.
Charley Brady: Can you expand on what you think drove some of that strength even if it was only temporary, what was behind that?
Mike Yates: Charley, it was probably depleted inventories just in channel and a pent-up demand for the replacement parts. It's been down for almost seven quarters.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. I think its more replacement parts than it is equipment pick-up. There's still a lot of equipment in the channel. There is a lot of equipment in the field, there's a lot of equipment in the channel, so it's really a replacement part story versus a meaningful up tick in equipment.
Charley Brady: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Giordano: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Joe.
Joe Giordano: In terms of orders at HST and fully appreciating your comments about the materiality of any specific customers, but that segment order has been down -- flat to down four of the last five quarters. So I was a little surprised that this would be the quarter that you start seeing it perk up here. Is that more of a function of comps just getting easier, or are you seeing anything specific in that market that is kind of driving that here?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I wouldn't say there's any major change. We did note that the back-half comp started to get easier. So, hey, we are glad to see it. It's good to see, but is no major inflection different from what we've talked about so far.
Joe Giordano: Okay. And just related to the commentary you've heard from the major players in that space, do you get a sense that maybe like a slowdown in financing and just deal activity in that health care space is just putting a little bit of a crimp in just spending and capital spending there? Do you think it's deal-related in a way?
Andy Silvernail: I'm not sure I understand the question, Joe. You're saying because…
Joe Giordano: A lot of the sequencing is still on more of the research side. And the lack of just general, like, funding in the markets is capital funding for small companies in that space. Do you think that's impacting just overall demand there a little bit, like more of a temporary thing in that sense? Because I know you have this view -- a long-term view is very positive there.
Andy Silvernail: No, I don't think so. I think you've got -- when you are talking about sequencing, you have got major product cycles that are critically important. And you have got this movement from, I will call it, the lab space into more of a commercial application. And so that is a move that everyone has expected to happen. And with that, you see a movement from very, very high-priced equipment down to more readily available lower-priced equipment that is more deployable into the field. I think -- when you step back and think about the potential for this industry and you look at the number of sequences that are sold per year compared to the number of mass spec or analytical instruments in ultra-high-pressure liquid chromatography, it's tiny. I mean, it is absolutely tiny. And when you look at the applications and where those can go and land, and the number of potential units that can be sold into commercial applications -- and when I say commercial, I mean non-laboratory research, the number is huge. It is multiples of what is sold today. And so it's not going to be smooth; it's not going to be perfect. But if I think five years from now or 10 years from now compared to where we are today and the unit volume that you would expect, it's going to be much, much, much higher. That is the bet we're making.
Joe Giordano: Okay. That's fair. Then if I could just sneak in one last one on the divestments. You mentioned that the stuff that you have been buying, a little bit more asset-light then maybe the average. Is there any consistent -- in divestments, is this a move to further asset-light the portfolio? Are these kind of on the high-end in terms of average?
Andy Silvernail: No, I wouldn't read into that at all. Across our business, we are pretty asset-light. You're talking about 1.5%, 2% CapEx intensity for the businesses. We're not necessarily buying things that are lower than that or selling things that are higher than that. It is really around market positioning. Market positioning and what I would call relative competitive scale. So, what -- if you look at what really works for us, it is when we are in a niche that is big enough to be attractive, but small enough to not get the gorillas of the world if you wanted to compete for it. And then we have the attractive relative market share position. So we are a classic number one or number two. And that -- the profit pools in that scenario and the attractiveness is very, very high. When you are a distant three, four, five and you don't have a pathway, or if the niche is too small, that's where it's just not very attractive for us.
Joe Giordano: Makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. Silvernail for final remarks.
Andy Silvernail: Well, thank you very much and thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today. I think as I open this up, my hope is that people will really focus in on what we've done to drive operating results and what we have the ability to do given this continued weak macro environment. And, again, I think our overall execution has been extremely strong. The underlying operating earnings of this company and our potential to drive earnings growth over time, I think is substantial. We have done a nice job with disciplined capital deployment and we've got a great balance sheet to continue to do that. So, look, we're going to have to continue to work through this murky macro environment that's going to be with us for a while, but we are exceptionally well-positioned to drive total shareholder return as we go forward. So, again, thank you for your questions today and thank you for your support of IDEX. And we will talk to you here in about 90 days. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-19 15:15:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates - VP and Chief Accounting Officer Andy Silvernail - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Heath Mitts - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Nathan Jones - Stifel Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer Steven Winoker - Bernstein Global Matt McConnell - RBC Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Charlie Brady - SunTrust Robinson Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies Brett Linzey - Vertical Research Partners Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Walter Liptak - Seaport Global Matt Summerville - Alembic Global Jim Foung - Gabelli & Company Joe Giordano - Cowen & Company
Presentation:
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Second Quarter 2016 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, Mr. Yates. You may now begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX second quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three months period ending June 30, 2016. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO and Heath Mitts, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview of the second quarter financial results and then he will provide an update on our markets, what we are seeing in the world and discuss our capital deployment. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the third quarter and the full year 2016. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13620006, or you may simply log on to the company’s homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike. I appreciate everyone joining us here for our second quarter 2016 discussion. As Mike said, I am going to start off here with just a little bit of an overview before getting to some more detailed commentary. Just as a highlight, as an overview here, we had strong execution, especially from the bottom line perspective here in the second quarter. The second quarter economic picture is still pretty mixed, if you look at the North American industrial markets, especially on a year-over-year basis, that continues to be pretty soft. However, we have started to see some sequential improvement in those markets, specifically within FMT and with HST, which gives us some positive reaction. If you look at our consumer-facing businesses or those things that touch the consumer in one way or another, life sciences, automotive dispensing and if you look at the municipal facing businesses of water, fire and rescue, those all remain pretty solid. The question marks that really exist out there on top of the overall North American industrial environment in the direction that’s going to take is really around China, which continues to be soft, and obviously, the questions around Brexit and how that’s going to impact the overall European economic condition. And as we look at the industrial markets and we think about the impact and the derivative impacts of the oil and gas business how that’s going to play out here for the balance of the year. The bottom line, however, is given continued questionable market conditions I think our team has done a very good job in the second quarter in terms of execution. As I mentioned, we did see some sequential improvement. We saw, throughout the quarter, a ratable increase in business. We had $168 million May, $168 million in April, $177 million in May and $184 million June in terms of orders. And in June, we delivered about $200 million in sales, which drove most of the operational improvement that we have talked about. So, we are still very cognizant of the challenges that are out there in the marketplace. We have done a great job controlling cost and driving margin. And overall, this has produced pretty strong results that we saw in the quarter. Orders and sales were up 5% and 7% respectively. Organically, they were down 2% and 1% respectively. Our GAAP EPS was $0.99, which is up $0.10, 11% higher than a year ago. And we had operating margin of 20.6%, which was down 70 basis points and I will get into that here a little bit, but that was really impacted by the fair value step up for Akron Brass and the remaining continued consideration for CIDRA, but again, I will talk about that in more detail in a minute. In terms of our commitment to strategic acquisitions, we have continued to drive that strategic priority. On July 1, we completed the acquisition of AWG. They are a leader in the European Fire and Safety markets and they are a terrific fit with Akron Brass and our existing fire and rescue platform. And so really, it’s just wonderful to invite AWG into our family. Additionally, in the second quarter, we completed the private placement of $200 million of senior notes. Our quarterly dividend of $0.34 was up 6% year-over-year. And we continued, albeit at a slower pace, our repurchase plan and our M&A pipeline remains robust. Like I think everybody out there in the marketplace, we are still not certain exactly what Brexit is going to mean for us in the longer term. In the shorter term, it did have an impact on us in the quarter. And as we look at the second half, if we assume that the rates remain the same between the dollar, the pound and the euro, we will have some translation pressure in the second half of the year. Let me turn now and talk a little bit about core markets and geographies and what we are seeing out there. In terms of energy, the lack of demand is still a headwind for us, specifically in our energy platform, at BAND-IT and at Sealing Solutions. And as we have stated before, the lower energy prices, they do impact our industrial businesses from a derivative effect and that’s still a condition in the marketplace. As we think about the industrial businesses. Industrial distribution remains challenged, especially when compared to a year ago. But as I said a second ago, we have seen signs of stabilization in the marketplace. Ag continues to be a challenge also. Commodity prices have remained depressed in the second quarter. We don’t expect that to rebound as we have said for some time, but we have seen some stabilization there too. Scientific Fluidics continues to be strong across our markets in bio, analytical instrumentation and IVD and we expect that to remain the same through the balance of the year. And as I said a moment ago, municipal has been a good story for us. In terms of regions, in North America, the story really all is about industrial distribution and how that’s playing out. Some signs of stability are a good note. But the picture remains pretty much the same as we have been talking about here for a couple of quarters. In Europe, we actually have – we have over-delivered in Europe around our dispensing and our water businesses in a tough environment. But certainly, the Brexit decision leaves some question marks that we will have to play out here over the coming quarters. And finally, in Asia, it’s really a story of two major economies. One is China that continues to be – continues to struggle, that’s not a surprise at all. We are managing that well. But the good news story for us has been India and we have seen strong demand with fire, rescue, energy and dispensing as we have executed throughout that region. Let me turn to capital deployment for a moment here. Our capital deployment strategies for investing in long-term growth disciplined M&A, consistent dividends and opportunistic share repurchases remains unchanged. And as we look at our ability to deploy capital here in the future, we are in a really good position. We completed the $200 million private placement. The proceeds of which we paid down our revolver. Today, we have about $500 million of availability on our revolver. That availability, plus cash on hand, gives us lot of capability. In fact, we paid for the AWG transaction completely out of cash from our balance sheet. So, when you put together our balance sheet availability, cash on hand and what will be more than $500 million of free cash flow after paying dividends and after investing full in the company, we are going to have north of $1 billion to deploy here over the next 3 years. In terms of organic growth, the story remains the same. We continue to make investments to drive profitable growth for years to come. This year, in particular, we have made specific bets in Scientific Fluidics, Sealing and our fire businesses and they are all positioned well for long-term growth. In terms of dividend, as I mentioned, we announced a $0.34 dividend here in the quarter, which is 6% above last year. In terms of share repurchases, we bought back 726,000 shares this year for $56 million, and that’s at about $77 a share on average. In terms of M&A, we have had an active year as you know. We purchased AWG on July 1 for €46 million, which has about $36 million of sales and that complements well with Akron, which fits into our fire and rescue platform. And together, along with our existing businesses, really makes a market leading platform in that space. In terms of M&A, the pipeline continues to be strong. Really no change from what we discussed earlier in the year. All the work that we have done and continuing to cultivate our M&A pipeline has certainly paid off for us and we expect it to do so again in the future. Okay. With that, let’s switch now to talk about results for the quarter. I am on Slide 4. In Q2, we had $550 million of revenue, which is up 7%, down 1% organically. Orders are $529 million, which are up 5%, down 2% organically. On an organic basis, both orders and sales, has been challenged. However, as we look at the second half of the year, we are facing easier comps and so we do expect the flat overall organic growth for the year. Operating margin, as I mentioned earlier, was 20.6%, down 70 basis points year-over-year. Similar to last quarter, our 2Q results include a few moving parts and I will get to here on the next slide. Overall, again, I am very, very impressed with our team’s ability to execute in the challenging environment. Free cash flow was $80 million. This is 106% of net income. It was down $6 million from last year, but that’s entirely due to the timing of some tax payments here in the U.S. And so we will get the benefit on a comparable basis here in the back half of the year. And finally, net income came in at $75 million with GAAP EPS at $0.99, up $0.10 or 11% from last year. So, let me just take a minute now and I want to bridge for you the $0.99 of EPS on Slide 5 here compared to the midpoint of the bridge – or the midpoint of the guidance that we gave you last quarter. So turn to Slide 5 for me and you will see the bridge. The midpoint of the guidance from a quarter ago was $0.92 and we delivered $0.99. And just let me walk you through the elements of the bridge. First was very solid execution that gave us about 2 points a beat in the quarter. Lower inventory step up gave us another $0.02 from Akron Brass is lower than expected. We had the reversal of a contingent consideration of $1 million from CIDRA and that gave us $0.01 of benefit. We had lower tax rate from an excess tax benefit for the new accounting for share-based compensation that gave us $0.01. And we also got $0.01 from the rapid change in the exchange rate between the dollar and the British pounds here with the Brexit announcement and that gave us $0.01 too. So all told, when you add that up, that is the $0.07 a beat versus the midpoint of our expectations. Let me transition now to the segment discussion. I am on Slide 6 and we will start with Fluid & Metering. In the second quarter, organic order has decreased 1 point, while organic sales increased 1%. And I know it’s a small number, but this is the first increase in organic sales we have had at FMT since the first quarter of 2015. Margins were up 20 basis points, driven by an increase in volume and energy. Specifically within energy, we saw a stronger aviation market that was offset with the mobile market that was softer. And we did ship a few large international projects in the second quarter that have been delayed for several quarters. And we had mentioned that in the past, but those kind of all came here in the second quarter. And these – the delivery of this business really was the bulk of the over-performance here in terms of operational over-performance. Water had another good quarter. Sequentially, they continued to improve and they have over the last few quarters. The municipal markets remain favorable. And we have had just a great profit execution as the team at water. Industrial, as I mentioned before, continues to be soft on a year-over-year basis, but we are seeing some signs of stability, which is encouraging. And we have done really a great job around cost control and profit execution in our industrial businesses in FMT. And then finally, ag continues to be soft. We expect it to be so for the balance of the year, but it’s certainly not deteriorating any further. With that, let’s turn to Slide 7 and we will talk about Health & Science. Overall, the life sciences and the scientific markets remain strong and steady, with softness in those businesses that are facing the industrial marketplace. Organic orders were flat in the quarter and organic sales were down 2% and operating margins were down 30 basis points, really from the lower volume in the industrial portion of the segment. Scientific Fluidics continues to be a good news stories. Orders and sales continue to be up in all markets over 2015. We have seen strength in analytical instrumentation, bio and IVD. All of those marketplaces continue to deliver and again we expect that to do so for the balance of the year. In terms of Sealing Solutions, we had an uptick in Q2, really coming out of strength in our semiconductor business, although was offset in many parts by the weakness in oil and gas and heavy equipment. HST Industrial, which I mentioned earlier, that has had dynamics that are very, very similar to what we have seen within FMT and so we are still seeing negatives on a year-over-year basis, but again, some signs of stability on a sequential basis. And then finally, at MPT, we had some strength in Asia with some shipments of some projects. So, we had a decent quarter at MPT. Okay. I am on our final segment, Diversified, on Slide 8. Organic orders that were down 9 points in the quarter, with sales – organic sales down 1 point and operating margins were down 400 basis points versus prior year. That being said, the real impact here came from the remaining inventory step up at Akron Brass, which was $3.6 million. If you exclude that, operating margins came in at 26.6%, which is down 150 basis points versus last year. But remember, this is our full – our first full quarter of having Akron into the business. And I would also ask you to remember that in the second quarter, we are going to see $2 million more of fair value inventory step up for AWG. Dispensing continues to outperform. X-Smart has been a true success story for us, especially in developing markets. We have shipped our 25,000th unit in the quarter. And remember, we launched this just three years ago. This is a great example of our team’s ability to drive organic growth. And fire and rescue, again, we have welcomed AWG and Akron into the family. It gives us a terrific market leading position. Rescue continues to struggle in the international markets and has for several quarters now. But we have had a great launch of our StrongArm technology, which we think is going to be a real success for us. Finally, BAND-IT, the transportation business within BAND-IT has been strong. But general, industrial and oil and gas continue to be challenged overall. We did see, interestingly enough, some improvement in businesses as oil prices reached over $50. And while I certainly wouldn’t call that a recovery, it’s certainly an interesting data point to see how that tracks so closely as we saw oil break a $50 a barrel in the quarter until it settles back down. Okay, I am on the final slide, Slide 9. Let me give you some guidance here for the third quarter and also for the balance of 2016. In Q3, we expect EPS to be $0.90 to $0.92, but just please remember that, that includes $0.02 of inventory charge associated with AWG, and we are going to get a $0.01 of pressure from the additional interest expense from the private placement that we did in June. Operating margins will come in at about 20.5%. We expect organic revenue to be flat. And in Q3, the tax rates should be about 27%. If you look at the full year, we are maintaining our guidance at $3.70 to $3.75. Also remember, we have $0.02 of interest expense from the private placement and as well as $0.01 of incremental impact from AWG for the fair value step up charges and we will also have some impact from purchase accounting amortization. For the full year, we are still expecting revenue to be approximately flat. Operating margins should come in at 20.5% to 21%. CapEx should be $40 million to $45 million. Free cash flow, we are expecting to be at about 120% of net income. And for the full year, we are expecting a share reduction of about 1% for the year. As always, remember to exclude any impact from our guidance from acquisitions, either costs or the benefits in the future. With that, Rob, let me stop here and let’s turn it over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, Andy, Heath, Mike.
Andy Silvernail: Nathan, good morning.
Heath Mitts: Good morning.
Nathan Jones: Andy, could you just start by telling us how much those international energy projects contributed to the quarter?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, it was about $6 million in total that we shipped pretty much in the last week of the month. So, it was substantial and it flowed through at some pretty decent levels. And so that’s a big piece of the operational execution. And just remember, Nathan, this is stuff that’s been sitting in backlog for an awful long time. It’s pretty unpredictable when it ships and both – or actually two or three of them just kind of broke at the exact same time.
Nathan Jones: Is there more that’s still delayed sitting in backlog? Are there any other orders sitting in backlog or is this truly something we should be thinking about as discrete?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, not of substance, Nathan. We have got some smaller things here and there. As you know, we don’t have a lot of large things that tend to sit in backlog. These are things that are being shipped to North Africa, the Middle East and they require letters of credit and an incredibly painful process to get them shipped. And frankly, they are incredibly unpredictable and we had not had them in our forecast. We actually had them in the forecast for later in the year and they happened to break in the second quarter.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And then just on the guidance for the rest of the year, you had about 2% organic decline in the first half, to get to flat you need plus 2 in the second half. I don’t think the comps are that much easier in the second half than they are in the first half. Organic orders is still running negative. Where does that incremental demand come from that can get you to flat organically for the year?
Heath Mitts: Nathan, this is Heath. Largely, it’s the things that we have visibility to in the fourth quarter. As you know, there is a little bit of seasonality in some of our businesses, specifically around oil and gas and a few things in the rescue tools side. So, it’s our current outlook in terms of where we see the third and fourth quarter coming in. But most of that growth is going to come from the fourth quarter – the fourth quarter numbers. And obviously, we will get smart over the next 90 days and sharpen our pencils if that changes.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And I don’t know that you are going to be able to answer this question. You talked about industrial distribution stabilizing or maybe getting a little bit better sequentially. Do you have any visibility into what kind of end markets are helping there or do you lose visibility once it gets into the distribution channel?
Andy Silvernail: You certainly lose visibility into the distribution channel, although I will say that the businesses that we saw then tend to be pretty good predictors for us, so with the exception of one. So, we saw strength at Viking [indiscernible]. When I say strength, it means stability, so not improvement necessarily, Nathan. But certainly, the decrease stopped at Viking, at Rupp and at the industrial businesses within or the industrial distribution business within BAND-IT. The one counter to that is we still saw some softness at Gast. And typically, Gast kind of goes along with those other three. So, that was the one contra-indicator, but those other three were good signs.
Nathan Jones: And then I wonder if you could just give me a little bit more color on the comment that you made that you saw some improvement in oil and gas markets when the price got to $50 a barrel. Can you talk about where the demand improvement stabilization, whatever we want to call it here, came from being upstream, midstream, downstream, MRO?
Andy Silvernail: That was – so, the comment was really specific to BAND-IT, which has very, very short cycle delivery and it was more around the MRO marketplace. And so I think, again, I want to be really clear. We are not calling for any kind of recovery. Just it really struck us how tightly correlated the improvement in the BAND-IT MRO business was when that ticked above $50. And so I just – what that tells me, Nathan, is just how tight the overall supply chain is. And the fact that when you do see recovery, I think it’s going to be – it’s going to come at a pace that’s going to move pretty quickly, especially around parts and service.
Nathan Jones: That’s very helpful. I will jump back in the line.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Steven Winoker with Bernstein Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Winoker: Thanks and good morning, all.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Winoker: Just want to push on one of your answers to that last question, I think that second half, not only is a couple percent, but the fourth quarter is – means 4% implied. And in fact, quarter-to-quarter, there really is no comp difference in total from getting easier. So, can you push a little harder there to give us some comfort level that all of a sudden we jumped to 4?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I think, first of all, Steve, you got to keep it in perspective. That’s a, to get there, that’s a $550 million quarter, which is what we just did. Now, we did burn some backlog in the second quarter. We would expect that to reverse itself to some degree. So, it’s not – while the flat versus 4 or down 1 versus 4 seems like a giant number, recognize it’s that when you look at it from a comp perspective and you look at on a sequential perspective, it’s not that big a number, it’s the same number we delivered this quarter.
Steven Winoker: Okay, that’s fair. And then just getting a little bit into that FSDP order decline to 9%, I think I understood what happened of the sales front. Is it – are you seeing the same dynamics though in the order – would you attribute it to the same areas then?
Andy Silvernail: That’s just a more – remember, that’s the most lumpy of our business, right, when it comes right down to it. And so you will see that disconnect between order and sales that you don’t see in the other businesses. There is nothing there that jumps out to you that says that, that is – has a significant disconnect from history or that’s a big red flag in the future. I don’t see that happening.
Heath Mitts: Yes. Steve, that’s – obviously, that’s the smallest segment. And it’s a little bit of the tyranny of small numbers a little bit in terms of just a couple of million can swing it either way. So, I wouldn’t read anything into that.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And one more question and I have been debating with investors is in your last financial reporting, one of the things you guys had talked about was how revenue from new products introduced in the last 3 years has dropped to 8%. Where is that – and I think it used to be 20% in prior years, where is that trending these days and what’s been driving that number down?
Andy Silvernail: Steve, I think you may have us confused as somebody else. We haven’t reported any new product sales numbers in years.
Steven Winoker: It’s in the last – it’s in the last – it’s in the 10-K on Page 8 from this year.
Heath Mitts: I will have to look at it. I am not sure what you are referencing. I apologize. I am happy to follow up with you on that, but let me take that offline.
Steven Winoker: No problem. But it is there on Page 8. It says new products from – revenues from new products introduced in the last 3 years. So, it’s an NPVI referenced and I looked at it this morning, so I would love to understand that.
Heath Mitts: I will have to get back to you, sorry.
Steven Winoker: Okay, okay. That’s fine, we’ll follow-up offline. I will pass it on. Thanks.
Heath Mitts: No problem. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell with RBC. Please go ahead with your questions.
Matt McConnell: Thank you. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Matt.
Matt McConnell: You talked about the order ramps through the quarter and certainly each month got better. How does that compare to the normal seasonality within – so, was that ramp up in orders through the quarter the same as what you typically see or was it – were the underlying trends better?
Andy Silvernail: It is a little bit stronger, Matt, than what we had seen. Now typically, you will see some difference between early on in the month – early on in the quarter to later on in the quarter, but it did improve especially on the sales basis. But even on the orders, it was a little bit better than what we have seen in the past.
Matt McConnell: Okay, great. And then on the balance sheet, how much of your cash is accessible right now, because you did the private placement ahead of pretty strong cash generation period over the next couple of quarters, I would expect. So, of that $360 million, how much is kind of available if you were to have U.S. needs?
Heath Mitts: Well, Matt, this is Heath. Most of that, as you can imagine, is offshore. And most of it resides in Europe with some in China as well. So, it would be fair to say we could probably pretty easily get our hands on about $200 million of it without having to do too much on the tax side in terms of dividending things back and forth. But it’s somewhere between $150 million, $200 million will be easily accessible and then all of a sudden, it gets a little more challenging.
Matt McConnell: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your questions.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning everyone.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Mike Halloran: Good morning. Hey, just quick follow-up on Matt’s first question. When you look at orders as they track through the quarter, did orders turn positive as you got to that June month with that ramp through the quarter or are you still tracking modestly negative by the end of the quarter on a month-to-month basis?
Andy Silvernail: You mean June versus June comparison?
Mike Halloran: Yes, year-over-year, sorry.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, let me go back and look at that. I am going to say yes, but I don’t have the number right in front of me. Just by the nature of where it was coming out in April versus where we ended for the quarter, the answer to that is going to be yes, but let me caution you on that, right. Any one month of orders and/or sales is not a good barometer for direction.
Mike Halloran: No, no, absolutely, but orders turning positive for the first time in a while. Just curious if that was the case. And then on the CapEx side, you guys lowered that from 50 to, I think, you said in the call 40 to 45, the deck says 45. Anything behind that, Andy, or is that just kind of normal machinations?
Andy Silvernail: No, it’s just normal stuff. You end up typically as you come into the year with a pretty large wish list, right. And as the year gets down, as you look at the ability of the units to actually absorb the capital, it just tightens over time. That’s a pretty natural pattern for us.
Mike Halloran: Alright. So, it’s tightening and not incremental concern from your perspective on the environment and investability?
Andy Silvernail: No, no.
Mike Halloran: Great. Appreciate it.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Mike. Take care.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Andy, can we just go back? I think it was Nathan that asked the question on stabilization. I think last quarter when we talked, you noticed some stabilization, but you still thought there was a lot of risk versus opportunities out there right now. I mean, has that changed at all for you and your thoughts?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I think the bottom has come up a little bit, Allison. So, I certainly – I am not going to take away all the concern that I had. If I look back toward last quarter, the big concerns that I have really had were around softness on the industrial side potentially moving into a recession and then the really big questions on China and then finally, just kind of the constant concerns in Europe. And so if I were to kind of step forward and say what’s changed instead in China, it stays exactly the same. I think Europe, we have actually performed better. We have had pretty strong performance, specifically in dispensing and in water. But the Brexit stuff, it just puts a level of uncertainty that frankly it’s hard to get your hands around what exactly that could mean. So, I would say, in total, I would say that’s modestly worse than where we were a quarter ago. And in the U.S., with another quarter of stabilization in industrial distribution, I think that’s modestly better.
Allison Poliniak: No, that’s great. Thanks. And then just on acquisitions, you broadened obviously your pipeline. Is there any area that maybe looking particularly more attractive in this environment or a product category that you guys are a little bit more focused on in that pipeline?
Andy Silvernail: Not necessarily. As you know, we kind of think of our pipeline around kind of four major areas, right. So, industrial fluids, HST components, engineered fastening and then around fire and safety. So, if you look at our pipeline, it’s pretty decent throughout. I will say that within the HST world, things are still at really frothy levels and so you have just not seen as many opportunities nor is the cultivation kind of moving along as rapidly as you would love. That being said, in the other three areas, it’s pretty good. So, we are continuing to work that. We work it every single month. So, it’s just an ongoing strategic process for us. And right now, it looks pretty decent.
Allison Poliniak: That’s great. Thank you, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Charlie Brady with SunTrust Robinson. Please go ahead with your question.
Charlie Brady: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Charlie.
Charlie Brady: I just want to comment on the commentary around the Brexit commentary. I mean, are you hearing anything specific subsequent to that vote from our customers or have you seen any movement in terms of projects being slowed or pushed out or is it just kind of, you don’t know what’s going to happen yet, but nothing definitive from a customer base standpoint?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, it’s nothing definitive. And just to give you some kind of some sense of what it all looks like, right. So, if you look at our total revenue, it’s about 5% or so of the business that’s moving through the UK. Our cost base is actually on a comparative basis is a little bit higher. So, we actually have a decent hedge there all in all. So, I don’t think we are going to get pounded from transactional or a translational perspective. It’s pretty well hedged. And so far, we haven’t seen that play it sell-through, except for how currencies have moved and what that’s done on a translational basis. I think the bigger concern for me, Charlie, is if that starts contagion, right. That’s I think the UK in and of itself is, not a huge concern. The bigger concern is that if it starts to kind of snowball such role here throughout Europe.
Charlie Brady: Right, thanks. That’s helpful. And just one more on HST, can you give us a little more granularity on the industrial piece of that business, how much was that off? And did you see, in terms of stabilization of that business, improvements through the quarter as well or was it just kind of soft throughout?
Andy Silvernail: Well, except for Gast, right. So, Gast is a pretty good size business for us and it’s a good profit generator. And unlike what we saw in FMT, where we saw Viking and Rupp, we saw some really nice stabilization there. We did see continued softness into gas. And remember, Gast has a good chunk of its business that’s going into the scientific world and then it’s got the majority of its business, frankly, that’s general industrial. And that’s the general industrial piece that continued to be soft. And so we are keeping an eye on it. But if you look at the four of the – four things that we kind of look at as early indicators: Viking, Rupp, Gast, and BAND-IT. Three of the four certainly saw some positive signs from stabilization, Gast was the outlier.
Charlie Brady: Great, thanks.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your questions.
Scott Graham: Hey, good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Graham: So, you indicated that during the quarter that you felt better about orders. And I know you talked about that more in a sequential basis and I think others then are asking and I was going to ask the same thing about the year-over-year. And you cited, in particular, feeling better about distribution, yet the distributors are kind of saying it went the other way in the middle of the quarter. So, I am hoping you could help us with that a little bit, particularly the year-over-years would be helpful in the month?
Andy Silvernail: You got to remember, Scott, when you – the stuff that came out this morning for some of the distributors are the commodity distributors, right. And we played very minimally there. We are playing more in the value-added side of distribution that bring engineering content to work. So, I fully recognize that what you saw specifically out of Grainger here this morning flies in the face of some of the stuff that what we saw in the quarter, but remember, we just don’t play a lot in their world of distribution.
Scott Graham: Okay. I just would add that MSC Industrial and Fastenal, which are maybe a little bit more engineered than that?
Andy Silvernail: They are really not, Scott. Those guys all play in that same world of pretty much commoditized piece parts. So, I think we touch them very modestly. Now that being said, I fully – we pay attention to them too and what’s going on with in the marketplace. And so I think that’s you are making an important point here. What we are seeing are signs of stability. To be very, very clear, we are not seeing signs of continued erosion. And I think what we are seeing in the marketplace and everybody had been seeing in the marketplace, certainly around anything that was commodities related and then the derivative impact had been continued negatives. And what we are seeing is some stability. I know that’s not exactly the most encouraging statement in the world, but stability to me is encouraging given what we had been experiencing.
Scott Graham: Look, stability is the new up, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: It doesn’t feel very good. Does it?
Scott Graham: No, it doesn’t. The other question I had was around pricing, are you guys still pricing positive?
Andy Silvernail: We are. Yes, we are.
Scott Graham: And there is still a gap between that and inflation?
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Heath Mitts: Yes, for sure, Scott, this is Heath. We are – the numbers in Q2 were very consistent with what we have seen in the past both on the absolute gross pricing as well as the spread that we would see in this environment.
Scott Graham: That’s great. And maybe more specific to Allison’s questions earlier, is there something that you think in the second half that you guys could close? Anything you are maybe in the further down the funnel that you would say maybe we can get another nice size deal closed in the second half?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, listen, Scott. We are – I will give you an unfulfilling answer and that is that we are always in different levels of diligence for a variety of different things and some things break our way and some things don’t and we will see, but you would expect the process that we have followed historically would be consistent with what we would do for the remainder of this year and going forward.
Scott Graham: Yes, unfulfilling. Okay, thanks.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Scott.
Scott Graham: Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Andrew Bohra with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your questions. Mr. Bohra, your line is open for questions.
Bhupender Bohra: Hey, good morning Andy and Pete.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Bhupender Bohra: A question on the fourth quarter here, you guys mentioned as we looked – we are looking at like core sales decline in the first half and core sales is expected to improve in the second half now, that is more like fourth quarter driven here. Could you give us some more clarity from segment perspective, what is going to drive, which segment do you – we should think about?
Andy Silvernail: To me to get to the $550 million for the fourth quarter?
Bhupender Bohra: Yes.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, again, the answer – let me touch two things and then I will get into the question. The first one is I think it’s recognized that the $550 million is the identical number to what we just delivered. So, it’s not like we are looking at a big giant step up here. So, I think it’s important to note that we are not calling for some massive breakout and sequential economic performance here in the fourth quarter. That being said, we do have some visibility with some of the large chunks of business that Heath mentioned earlier that we see kind of moving us sequentially to that number. We do have some natural seasonality. And so when you put those two things together, it’s just not a huge reach to get to that $550 million. And so is it $445 million, is it $555 million, plus or minus, but around that number it feels pretty good.
Bhupender Bohra: Right. Yes, because the second quarter, you just mentioned about like oil and gas few projects which came in the last week of the quarter here, right. So I am just thinking about like are there any big buckets which you are looking at, whether it will be in FMT or HST or we have seen HST and FSD kind of organically weak here for the first two quarters and should we think about like some improvement in those markets or should we bank more on the FMT side of the business to kind of drive?
Andy Silvernail: Our visibility in the fourth quarter is not dependent upon a lot of project activity. There are some natural things that would be more seasonal in nature and for instance the energy business, but not necessarily project activity in that regard. But if you go back over time, I think you would see that Q2 and Q4 largely would have similar profiles.
Heath Mitts: Yes, Andrew, the pattern that we are talking about is not abnormal at all.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay, okay. And another question on the capital spending here, somebody did mention that you lowered the CapEx here. Any particular segment or was it kind of broad-based here dependent on the dollar?
Andy Silvernail: We are fully funding the things that we outlined for the year. We are moving forward with the investment in the facility in China that we have talked about. And we are actively investing in and pursuing investments. So, this is more, Andrew, just the tightening of expectations kind of given what we see, how people are going to absorb capital here through the balance of the year.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay. And lastly just some questions on the incremental interest expense and the AWG step up inventory charge for the third quarter. I think you did give some numbers. I just wanted to clarify if you can give those again?
Michael Yates: Hello, this is Mike Yates. In the third quarter, we will have a $2 million – approximately $2 million charge within cost of sales for the AWG step up fair value inventory charge. And for the back half of the year, interest expense will increase about $0.02, about $1 million each quarter as a result of the $200 million private placement that we completed in June. That’s just the difference between the blended rate on the private placement of about 3.3% compared to the revolving credit facility rate, because we use the proceeds to repay down the revolvers. The revolver is about 1.5%, 1.55%. So, that delta drives about $0.02 of incremental interest over the back half.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay, thanks a lot, Mike. Thank you, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Linzey: Just wanted to come back to fire and safety, I was a little bit surprised, down revenues against the down 11% comp certainly have some pressures in the rescue side of the business. Could you just sort of unbundle the different businesses and talk about those trends? And do you see any firming in some of the more challenged pieces as we look into the back half year?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So first of all, Brett, again, as I mentioned before the disconnect between the 9% down organic in orders, right and the 1% in sales, that’s a very typical – that gap between those two things is not substantial. As you look across the businesses, again the places that have been – have sort of strength, dispensing showed strength. BAND-IT has continued to be weaker, right, whether because of the industrial exposure as compared to last year. Rescue has been weaker, really with the international rescue tools, marketplace continuing to be soft. And the fire business has been okay, generally, so when you kind of put that together, that’s the bulk of the split.
Brett Linzey: Okay. And then I guess as you look at the BAND-IT piece and the Rescue International, as we are looking at the back half here, do the comps start to ease or do you think that’s sort of rolled into 2017?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, they do to some degree. From a BAND-IT perspective, it gets easier really around the oil and gas side of the marketplace. Rescue is a little bit of a wildcard just because – it’s been soft now. We are into 1.5 year here, frankly, of the rescue business, the international rescue business being soft. Mind you, the U.S. business has been terrific. And eDRAULIC 2.0 and now StrongArm have continued to be good pieces of business for us. It’s really around countries that are buying through central purchasing that you have seen the weakness. Obviously, in the Middle East and in Indonesia, with a lot of the crisis that’s going on around the world there. That’s been the weak part. So, while theoretically there are easy comps, we are expecting that business to be pretty soft here through the back half of the year.
Heath Mitts: I think on the organic fronts, the comps, specifically for fire and safety and diversified segment, again much, much easier in the fourth quarter.
Andy Silvernail: In total?
Heath Mitts: In total, for the segment. So, I think in the third quarter, we can still see some pressure just based on where the prior year came in. But in the fourth quarter, without much sequential improvement, we do see quite a step up on the organic side.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. And I just want to come back to AWG and Akron, you have owned the businesses for a couple of months now, you are kind of working through the integration process. I guess, what’s the margin opportunity you see today? And then separately, as you look at some of the selling channels, top line opportunities as you pull through those different products, how you are thinking about the business and sort of the go forward here?
Andy Silvernail: So I think, with both of them, we are targeting about a 500 basis point profit improvement over a 3-year period. And obviously, we would work to bring that forward as much as possible. So, the basic economics of both businesses look very, very similar to our original fire business. And our fire business has meaningfully better overall economics that we think we can get close to with both Akron and the AWG over time. So, we are going to see a nice improvement in profitability and therefore driving returns on capital both those businesses from that. On the commercial side, the benefits on the commercial side are certainly in the U.S., as you look at the Akron business and our existing fire business, there is a lot of channel overlap, but I think there is a lot of opportunity to bring a better overall product portfolio to market. And to be able to do that in a way where we are bringing kind of all of the high value content from a flow perspective to the OEMs and to the marketplace. So, I think there is definitely some benefit there. In terms of AWG, AWG and Akron were both the leading players in their respective markets. And so you got the number one player in the U.S., the number one player in Europe. There are some materials in technology differences that will take some time to play through. You are not going to just willy-nilly integrate things that don’t make sense. You want to be really sensible about that. And the channel overlap is a little bit less there. Although there are some nice benefits of having it within the Lucas umbrella, AWG within our Lucas umbrella, which is our principal rescue tool business.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. And if I could just sneak one more in here, so have restructured the business to some degree, you have done a real good job on productivity. If we do see some modest inflection within this industrial complex, I guess how should we think about incremental margins relative to the 30 to 35 that you guys have talked about in that sort of modest improvement environment?
Andy Silvernail: There is absolutely no reason that we wouldn’t achieve those targets. If you assume that you move from what has been a flattish world to a 2% to 3% world, there is no reason that we wouldn’t be able to deliver at those rates. If you saw something that was better than that, say 3% to 4%, I believe for some period of time, you would see even higher incrementals.
Brett Linzey: It makes sense. That’s all I had. I appreciate it.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your questions.
Matthew Mishan: Yes, good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Matthew Mishan: So, you call it – it looks like you can call like $6 million in the quarter from those delayed energy projects. And I am assuming those were not included in guidance for the second quarter. And you still – even with those, did you still came in at a decline of 1% organically versus flat guidance? Does that mean the quarter was actually coming in worse leading up to those orders at the very end of the quarter? And how does that reconcile with the commentary where you are seeing kind of stability in some level of improvement?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So Matthew, I think you are mixing and matching a few things. So, let me separate them out. The first one is around those projects specifically. About half of that $6 million we had baked into our expectations and about half wasn’t. And obviously, you guys wouldn’t have any insight to that going into the quarter and so you are talking $3ish million or so of revenue that was a little bit better than expected plus or minus. In terms of that relative to the commentary of stability, you are really talking about two very different markets, right. One is the projects we are talking about were principally around energy and things that had set in backlog for quite some time. And the comments around stability were really around the North American industrial markets. So, two different pieces that I think is important to distinguish.
Matthew Mishan: Okay, got it. And then what are you hearing from your life science customers around the timing of spending from kind of increased NIH budgets and what they are spending on?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, nothing that’s material. That’s been a good news story for that part of the business here for a couple of years now as spending has started to increase. As you know, the aggregate spending itself is not that big a deal, right. So, how much is being spent by NIH is not that big a deal. It tends to be a catalyst for the industry, right. So, the $35 billion or so dollars that gets spent by NIH and it gets distributed incredibly broadly across the scientific complex in and of itself does not drive a lot of business. It is really what it does to catalyze the industry around research and around production. So in my view, it continues to be a net positive, but I don’t think it is something that’s an inflection.
Matthew Mishan: Alright, got it. And last question for me is I think you brought down your net share repurchase to 1% to 2% for the full year, is that a function of where the stock is or is that a function of the acquisition pipeline?
Andy Silvernail: The pipeline has been pretty good already with AWG and with Akron, in total. We have put a decent amount of money to work. And we have laid out a very clear capital deployment strategy for people and how we have thought about share repurchase and the combination of those two things are part of our discipline.
Matthew Mishan: Alright, thank you very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jim Giannakouros with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your questions. And Mr. Giannakouros, your line is open for questions.
Jim Giannakouros: Hey, sorry I was on mute there. Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Jim.
Jim Giannakouros: Sorry, if I missed the numbers to this. But just to better understand the trends that you are seeing in HST, if that segment is roughly two-thirds life science, etcetera, one-third industrial, what are the order growth trends that you are seeing in each of those buckets that gets you to that kind of flat that you printed for 2Q or what are the growth expectations for each bucket in the second half? Just to better understand what the orders of magnitude that are contributing to your outlook in HST? Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: So Jim, we don’t break it down that finitely. But just to give you some kind of bigger picture, about half of it, you would call industrial and about half you would call truly scientific. And so you can kind of piece together that the scientific stuff is up low to mid single-digit generally and the industrial stuff is kind of down the same, plus or minus in the quarter. And I think what you get is you get some firming from the industrial side in the back half and about the same kind of rates on the scientific side as you think about the back half. And that those are very general numbers.
Jim Giannakouros: Fair enough. That’s in line with how I was thinking about the scientific side just given with the OE guys are saying. One follow-up if I may just not to harp on Europe, but just to get a better understanding if you can provide it on the end markets, whether you said water is a source of strength, I believe you cited Europe as well as North America. But in Europe specifically, just given your views that Brexit just adds another layer of uncertainty, where would you say is – are you more uncertain or there is more risk, would you say that muni and commercial are just as much at risk or maybe muni-related type of spending might be a little bit more stickier?
Andy Silvernail: I think in the short-term, I think the muni spend generally tends to have more stickiness to it, Jim, just because the budget cycles move much slower. And I think that’s true in Europe as well as in the United States. So with big economic shifts of any kind, municipal tends to be a laggard in one way or the other, right, whether it’s a positive laggard or a negative laggard. That being said, the concern, right, that I have, that concern around contagion, if that were to play itself out, it’s going to be a tough world there, right. And so far, there aren’t kind of screaming indicators of that being the case. But obviously, we are watching pretty closely. If we start to see it unraveling, if we start to see two or three other significant countries decide that they no longer want to play. Our view is that, that gets messy pretty fast.
Jim Giannakouros: Fantastic. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please go ahead with your questions.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Walt.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask about kind of the follow-up to an earlier question about the new products and I will phrase it this way. You guys have done a great job with the operational performance in getting margin even with revenue declines the last 1.5 years or so. Are there programs in place for organic growth? And I guess I am asking about the processes that might be different from the past for new products new markets that might help you get more revenue growth in this very slow growth environment?
Andy Silvernail: Walter, I would not put it in the phrase of programs or processes. It’s what we do, right. And it’s just how you run the businesses. And there is no doubt that the economic conditions have been challenging and we have faced that too. But when you lay us out against our peer group and I actually think we – even though I am not very thrilled with the performance, I think we have performed pretty well organically, even though it’s been a challenge. And if you kind of layer that out against our peer group that we call it in our proxy or really the peer group that we get compared against, I think you would see that we have pretty favorable results both organically and in total. That being said, how we think about this, Walt, is we have got about two-thirds of our businesses that I have squarely put in the growth category. And in our businesses that we are going to continue to very, very aggressively fund and drive for organic performance. And then we have got about 25% that I have put in the world of fix where there is something substantially that needs to be changed in those businesses to position them for future growth and then you got some stuff that’s kind of in the middle that you are really asking to hold their own in the marketplace and certainly win, but you are not asking for giant ambitions around growth. And so our process is really around differentiating where different businesses fit in that world and then investing and have expectations that are differential and that’s how we think about our portfolio and that’s how we think about driving performance. So – and those businesses that are in that fixed category, our expectation is really around total profit growth, right, expansion in margin and total profit growth. And those businesses that are in the growth category, it’s around finding product in market entrants and application that you can drive it differentially. And so that’s how we break it down and think of it not so much as a program or new process.
Walter Liptak: Okay, got it. Okay, thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Walt.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Summerville with Alembic Global. Please go ahead with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just a couple of things. First, just in terms of maybe talk about the underlying trends you are seeing as we think about bidding activity in oil, gas and chemical more of those process-oriented markets, just the absolute level, but also then the conversion rates that you are seeing now in terms of converting a bid to an order in an order to a shipment, forgetting the quarter end benefit that you guys have. If you can comment on that, that will be great?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, sure. So Matt, as you know, we don’t touch that very closely. It’s a very, very, very small part of our business. You are talking 2%, 3% that plays in that world generally, yes, that’s playing in that large scale bid world and so we don’t have – we are not going to be the experts on visibility into that world. Except to say, for those places that we do touch it, there has not been a material increase, right. So, the benefits that we got at BAND-IT were around MRO as you saw kind of oil spike. In terms of the other small pieces where we play upstream, there has been no – nothing materially changed in overall activity rates. I know, rig counts have inched up here recently, but we haven’t seen anything that would tell us that there is a significant turnaround on the near horizon.
Matt Summerville: And then just lastly, you hit on this briefly with one of your recent responses, but how are you thinking about both the secular and cyclical factors that impact kind of the life sciences side of things and the water/muni side of things, what inning are we in, in each one of those? And I guess, this is more a question on not necessarily Q3, but just looking out over the next 12 to 18 months how to think about that?
Andy Silvernail: So, Matt, when it comes to the life science side, the cycles tend to be driven more around new products than on kind of market demand. Market demand in many, many ways gets defined by new product introduction, right. So, as you are able to cure, to test, to develop new things with new technologies that tends to be the stimulant for demand around the life science world. And I think we are in a pretty good phase right now, where new products are launching. I think there is a pretty good cycle here in 2016, 2017. So, I expect it to be pretty decent. That being said, we have seen in the past as you get a bulk of new product introduction, sometimes you will see a quarter or so pause as they are ramping up to move through their channels. So, we keep an eye up for that. There is nothing that tells us that’s eminent, but we definitely keep an eye up. But I think generally, we are still in the early to mid innings of that phase there. I think on the municipal side, Matt, we are still pretty early. And what I mean by that is you just got to remember how tight municipal spending was for so long. So, certainly in the Western world, what if you are in 2 years in to the expansion here for improvement and we think you have got another, at least 3 or so years, maybe even longer assuming you don’t get a major macroeconomic shutdown. That would tighten budgets and that would tighten municipal spending, but there is still – there is a lot of backlog in municipal spending in the Western world right now.
Matt Summerville: Great. Thanks a lot.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jim Foung with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Jim Foung: Hi, good morning, Andy and Heath. Good quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Jim. Thank you.
Jim Foung: Just a couple of questions. So, on the Brexit impact, where would you see this, if the effects unfold not as good as expected?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, I mean again, I am not as worried about the UK itself so to speak, because I feel like we are in a pretty good position where our – when you compare our revenue base and our cost base, I think we are in a pretty good spot. So, depending upon how dramatic currencies change, depending upon whether or not you start to see inflation in the UK, the places that you could see is we have got 5% of our business that’s in the UK, you could see some inflation ramp up there, so you got to keep your head around that. And then the other partial there it’s how demand switches patterns. I don’t see a big issue with that again because of the hedges, the natural hedge that we have between where we build and where we sell. Again, Jim, I think the bigger concern for me is if this starts to roll itself through broader Europe. That’s my bigger concern.
Jim Foung: So you eventually just come down to the order rates, right. I mean, but you didn’t see anything in the June order rate, right, because we saw kind of good numbers growing [indiscernible]?
Andy Silvernail: We haven’t seen anything yet. There is just a lot of noise. And so when you see that amount of noise and I am also realistic about the European Union. With everything that’s going on, it’s still – there is a lot of fragility to it. And a major player deciding it doesn’t want to play anymore can have the effects of starting to unravel some pretty important pieces.
Jim Foung: Are you currently seeing delay in potential orders where if we don’t get the worst case scenario with Brexit some of these orders could...
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Jim. No, we haven’t seen anything yet.
Jim Foung: Haven’t seen anything, okay. And then just moving on just to the energy shipments, what drove the customers to take delivery in Q2? I mean, is it because of the confidence in the higher oil prices relative to the past or changing the budgets?
Andy Silvernail: Ultimately, it’s a little hard to tell. And these are things that require cash on hand and letter of credit, so nothing of note.
Jim Foung: Okay, thank you very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen & Company. Please go head with your questions.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. Good afternoon.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, how are you? Did we hit afternoon already?
Joe Giordano: I guess we are getting there. Quick for me, I think you mentioned with Akron like a 500 basis point margin opportunity over the next 3 years. Would that get you to kind of where the segment is now or is that a little bit – gets you a little bit below where the second was?
Andy Silvernail: It could be a little lower – to be a little lower, but it would be very attractive.
Joe Giordano: Okay. And then just the capital deployment bent more recently towards Fire & Rescue, is that more indicative of just the valuation in that market or rather than like the necessarily the forward prospects, is that just where you are seeing the best long-term value based on what sellers are asking for?
Andy Silvernail: Obviously, with both AWG and with Akron, we got – we bought the businesses at reasonable valuations. A lot of it has to do with what properties are available. And so obviously, with Akron, that was driven by the sellers need. And I think we have mentioned in the past, we had been talking to them and about that business for some time. And as they decided strategically what they needed to do, that really opened up the opportunity. And then of course, Akron was owned – excuse me, AWG was owned by a private equity firm. And as pieces and parts start to move in any one industry, it tends to catalyze other movement and that had been owned for a few years and whatnot and they had done some good things with it. And so I think our purchase of Akron probably started to open up that market a little bit and we were the natural buyer in both cases.
Joe Giordano: It’s another property of size in that market was to come available, is that something you pounce on just – you have put in a lot of capital into those markets over last year?
Andy Silvernail: Personally, I don’t see that happening. There is nothing – there is lots of little things, but there is nothing that would fit that definition today. So, I wouldn’t expect it today. I mean, obviously, it’s the greatest thing in the world at a very cheap price were to come up. Certainly, we would consider it. But as it looks right now, I don’t see anything kind of on the immediate horizon like you have described.
Joe Giordano: Well, thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Andrew Silvernail for any closing remarks.
Andy Silvernail: Well, thank you all very much. I appreciate the questions here today and I appreciate your interest in IDEX and the support of the business. When it’s all said and done, the conditions that remain today are very similar to what we have seen in the past year or so, with some benefits of some industrial stability here in the United States that we saw in the quarter. But mostly, it’s really around the team’s ability to execute and that’s what I am most proud of is our ability to continue to drive performance in an environment that is still murky. And so I really appreciate my team and I thank them for all their performance. And I look forward to talking to you all again here in 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-19 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates – Chief Accounting Officer & Vice President Andrew Silvernail – Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Heath Mitts – Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets Nathan Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mike Halloran – Robert W. Baird & Co. Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Allison Cusic – Wells Fargo Securities Charley Brady – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Kevin Maczka – BB&T Capital Markets Scott Graham – BMO Capital Markets James Foung – Gabelli & Company Bhupender Bohra – Jefferies Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Q1 2016 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. You may begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and CAO for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX first quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending March 31, 2016. The press release along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO, and Heath Mitts, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview of the first quarter's financial results and then he will provide an update on our markets and what we are seeing in the world and discuss our capital deployment. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for second quarter and full year 2016. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13620004 or you may simply log on to our company's home page for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everybody, and I appreciate you joining us here for the discussion of our first quarter results. As Mike said, I'm going to walk through some overview comments and also some conversation around capital deployment, and then we'll get into the financials and the segment results. So from a big picture, as we sit here after the end of the first quarter, it looks an awful lot like as we talked about from the end of 2015. The overall economic picture is mixed. As I look at the landscape in the industrial markets, whether it's in the U.S. or Europe or Asia, are relatively weak. That's being offset in many regards by strength in our Health & Science businesses, municipal is also strong, and we've had very good execution. I'm going to take you through more detail when I walk through the markets and the segments, but I think it's suffice to say that the challenges that we talked about at the end of the year are still very much the same picture that we have after the first quarter. With that, I'm very pleased with how we started the year, given the markets, really because of the overall execution by our teams in the field. The first quarter – when I look at the first quarter, I think about the benefits that our shareholders get by IDEX having diversity in end markets and businesses and allow us, in these questionable economic times, to still drive profitable growth. And we saw that with the strength in our Health & Science business that still saw growth, even though there are some challenges on the industrial parts of the markets. And I'm very happy with our teams focusing on what they can control. Starting in the midpoint of last year, we put a lot more emphasis on overdriving productivity, making sure our cost structures are in place, while, at the same time, continuing to invest in the long-term growth that really differentiates IDEX over time. And the teams did a good job. If you look at the first quarter, EPS was $0.89. That was up $0.05 or 6% from a year ago. Op margin came in at 20.4%, which was 10 basis points ahead of a year ago. And free cash flow is very strong at $62 million, up 45% versus a year ago. We also completed the acquisition of Akron Brass. It fits very well into our fire and rescue platform. It really fits all the dynamics of what we refer to as an IDEX-like business. It fits our operating model, it addresses mission-critical solutions with highly engineered products, and it really faces a niche market that we have excellent positioning in. So, we're thrilled to have Akron as part of the IDEX family. Additionally, as you look at the first quarter, our healthy balance sheet and strong cash flow has allowed us to continue to drive capital deployment decisions. We increased our dividend by 6%, and we bought back 628,000 shares for about $46 million, so a favorable price, sitting at just under $73 a share. So, while we look at this lack of underlying economic demand and the challenges that it continues to create, we know that the growth is going to be hard to come by. But we have a philosophy and a discipline of how we run these businesses and that remains intact and very solid. And we continue to expect to win this year and continue to drive value for shareholders throughout 2016. I want to take a minute here and just walk through what we're seeing in our core markets and geographies. In terms of markets, I'll start with energy and chemical. We've been touching on this for the last 18 months. The weakness that we've seen, specifically, around the energy businesses and the weakness in these markets have hit our energy platform BAND-IT and Sealing Solutions meaningfully as we've talked about in the past. We're also seeing kind of the residual impacts of hit to Warren Rupp, Viking and Richter, all important businesses for IDEX, and they do touch, in one way or another, the implications from the energy slowdown. Now, this is being mitigated to a large degree by where we sit in the energy food chain so to speak. We don't really touch the wellhead. We're not involved deeply in E&P. And so where we sit in midstream and downstream has had a significantly lighter impact overall, not nearly as deeply cyclical. And so we've held up better than a lot of folks who are much further upstream. If you look at the industrial segment, where we sit, we've really seen a steadying sequentially. So, if you look at how we came in the third quarter, the fourth quarter and now first quarter, we have seen some consistency sequentially. Now, we did have tough comps here in the first quarter on the industrial side. So, that's driving some of the negatives that you're seeing. But we have seen this level off to some degree which is, I think, is a solid sign. Agricultural, everybody knows the story here. Overall commodity prices have been hit hard and they are expected to remain that way throughout the balance of the year. The hit to farmers' wallet has really slowed OEM demand, and we expect it to be that way for the balance of the year. It is somewhat offset by the strength in the aftermarket, but not enough at the magnitude that we're seeing OEM equipment sales come off. The opposite of that is Scientific Fluidics and, really, the life sciences markets in general, which have been strong across the end markets, whether you're looking at Bio, Analytical Instrumentation or IVD. Those were all strong in the first quarter, and they will be for the balance of this year. The same can be said to in municipal. We've had consistent low-single digit growth across North America and Europe. Municipalities are investing in areas that IDEX touches, and so that's been a solid story for us, and we expect it will be also for the balance of the year. If you turn now to regions, and we look at North America, Europe and Asia, in North America, the story is largely industrial, meaning if you look at where the weakness is, it really comes from industrial distribution, the residual impacts of what's happened in the energy markets and the fact that we really are sitting at historic low inventory levels within our distribution channels. In Europe, it's been quite stable. We feel very good about our positioning within Europe for today and in the balance of 2016. We have nice exposure across a number of businesses, specifically, in dispensing and water. They have really outpaced the market growth in Europe, and we expect them to do so here for the balance of the year. In Asia, it's really two different stories. One is China that has been consistently weak; not a new story that we've been talking about. We've been talking about this now for well over a year, and we expect those headwinds to continue. On the other hand, if you look at India, India has been a great story for us. We're seeing – we're really taking advantage of the infrastructure improvements and the expansion both within the country and our accelerated investments, and that's playing out in many regards in our fire, rescue, dispensing and also in our energy business. So India has been a good news story for us. With that, let me touch on capital deployment for a minute. As we've talked about in the past, we really have a four-pronged strategy around capital deployment, and we've been very focused on continuing to invest in our strategy of long-term organic growth, number one, disciplined M&A, consistent dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. And what I want to do is just take a minute and I'll talk about each of these areas. So on organic growth, we keep investing for the long term. We've got the capacity to make these investments that drive profitable growth for many years to come. And we all see businesses that, when they face challenging times, start to cut the things that are easy. And oftentimes, the things that are easy to cut are the things that you really need for long-term investment. We're fortunate that we've got the cash flow, the balance sheet that we can continue to really invest in the long term, and this is going to payoff for IDEX and differentiate us over time. If we look at dividends, you saw on April 6 that our Board of Directors approved an increase of 6% in our dividend, and we're now paying $0.34 a share per quarter. In share repurchases, I mentioned a moment ago, we repurchased 628,000 shares in the quarter for $46 million at just under $73 a share. And going forward, we're going to continue to be opportunistic. We've talked about this a lot in the past. We have a very disciplined and thoughtful process of when and how aggressively we buy back stock, and we'll continue to have that discipline as we go forward. On the M&A front, as I've mentioned, we bought Akron Brass. We spent $224 million for Akron. They had, in 2015, about $120 million of revenue. It's really an excellent strategic fit. We are in the integration process now, and over the first 30 days, it's gone very well. So we're pleased with asset that we have in Akron and the team there. We're thrilled to have them as part of the IDEX family. If you look into the future of M&A, the market, the dynamics remain pretty similar to what we talked about at the end of 2015. We're going to continue to be a player in the marketplace. We've got a good funnel, and we've got the cash flows and the balance sheet that will really allow us to continue to deploy capital for M&A. All right. With that, let me switch over here and let's start talking about the quarterly results. I'm on slide four. So, in the first quarter, we had revenues that were $503 million. That was flat in total, down 3% organically. We had orders of $526 million that were also flat and down 3% organically. But, very importantly, we built $23 million of backlog in the quarter, and that puts us in an excellent position as we think about going into the second quarter, giving us visibility into the second quarter. And also, as we think about the step-up from Q1 to Q2 and then really how the rest of the year flows through, having that $23 million of backlog is a good place to start from. In terms of organic orders and sales, they were continued to be pressured, as I've said, by energy and ag markets. We don't expect that to get meaningfully better as we look at the balance of the year. And also, there was one other part there that's a little bit of an interesting comparison and does put some noise into the numbers. And that's that last piece of the trailer business that we had in 2015, in the first quarter of 2015, that shift that we comped against. So, when you look at the FSD segment and you see some of the puts and takes in that segment and, specifically, around organic orders, that really explains the overall situation there – excuse me – organic sales, that explains the situation. Organic orders were quite good in FSD. Overall, for the company, we had a 20.4% op margin. That was up 10 basis points year-over-year. There are a lot of moving parts in that, and I'm going to go into that on the next slide here in a second. Overall, I'm very happy with how we've executed and how we're driving profitability and ultimately cash flow in the business. To that end, as I said, cash flow was $62 million in the quarter, up 45% from last year. We had GAAP earnings of $0.89, up $0.05 or 6% for the year. And with that, what I'd like to do is go to the next page, turn to slide five, and I want to just take a moment to bridge you from our reported $0.89 against the midpoint of our guidance as we're going into the quarter, which was $0.81. So if you'll flip to slide five, I'll just walk you through that bridge. So the midpoint of our Q1 guidance, as you recall, that we gave just a couple of months ago was $0.81 and we delivered $0.89 for the quarter. And so let me walk through the puts and takes here. So on an operating – in terms of operating results, we added $0.03 over our $0.81 guidance and that was really driven by very solid execution. If you look at the purchase of Akron Brass, the net of that for the quarter was actually negative $0.01. So, we owned Akron for just two weeks in March. So we got some operating benefits for owning them for the two weeks of March, but that was offset by $2.2 million or fair value inventory step-up. And so, the net of that was a negative $0.01. Also, we had a $0.03 reversal for contingent consideration for an acquisition from 2015 that really turned in $0.03 of benefit. I'd ask you to note though that this is handled in the corporate books. So it's not reflected in the segment results. And that will be important as we think about segment margins on an apples to apples basis, because of how some of these pieces are flowing and we'll make sure that we can bridge you guys, if you have any questions, to make sure that as you go forward your models are accurate. Finally, we chose to adopt early the accounting standard for share-based compensation. That gave us $0.03. I think you're all aware every U.S. company is going to have adopt that by the end of the first quarter of next year. We simply elected to adopt that early. So, all in all, when I look at it, it's a very strong start for us. Operationally, I think we had a solid first quarter. And certainly when we get to Q&A, if you've got questions on these puts and takes, we're happy to spend some time on it. All right. Let's turn to the segment discussions. I'm on slide six and I'll start with Fluid & Metering. So, in the first quarter, FMT orders and sales decreased by 6% and 5%, respectively, and operating margins were down 130 basis points. That was really driven by the lower volume in the energy and the ag businesses. We've talked a lot about what we've seen in industrial, energy and ag, which have been more challenged. The real good news story here is around water. We had another solid quarter, similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter. Municipal markets are solid in North America and Europe with single-digit growth. The mild winter also helped us some. When you think about the work that has to be done – specifically, when you think about the UK and the U.S., when you get a mild winter, you get projects that get pulled forward that would initially be scheduled for the spring or for the summer. So we did see a little bit of business come forward. But, more importantly, we've had terrific new product development and productivity out of that group that's driven the incremental benefits. As I've mentioned before on industrial, order rates in Viking and Warren Rupp, they do remain under pressure, although, sequentially, have stabilized. And that's really all about the demand levels in industrial distribution. I would not call it destocking. I just think it's the – what we've seen in industrial distribution is demand has been weak, they have appropriately taken down their inventory levels, and I think they're managing that well. We have talked about the drivers of this and it really is around the impacts of oil and gas. But I'll give our teams a lot of credit here. They've done a very, very nice job of getting their businesses right-sized, continuing to be highly profitable. These are businesses with very strong incremental margins on the upside and the downside, and they've done a nice job of getting in front of that. In our energy business, we did see a soft start to the mobile market. That's really driven by builds in Class 6 and Class 8 trucks, which has started to slow. It was offset a bit by aviation, which has been stronger and gotten the positive side of lower fuel prices and strong demand. And these guys are going to work through this. Again, much like I said in the industrial side, they've done a nice job of getting their cost structures in place and making sure they've got the appropriate business scope and size for the market. And then finally, just on ag, I've talked about that enough already, but that's going to look like it has for the balance of this year, and we're going to make sure that we're in fighting shape to compete. If you go to slide seven, on Health & Science, that's a much more positive tone across the business. Really, the life sciences and the scientific markets remain strong. The industrial businesses have stabilized quarter-over-quarter, which is good. We saw organic orders. We're down about 4%, but, as you know, in this market, and very specifically, in this segment, you can get some more puts and takes here quarter-to-quarter. Organic sales were up and op margin increased by 90 basis points. And that was really driven by overall volume leverage and nice productivity across the segment. As you get down into some details, Scientific Fluidics, orders and sales have continued to be strong. The markets are in a good spot. We are really well-positioned across Analytical Instrumentation, Bio and IVD, and we expect this to be a very solid marketplace for us through the balance of this year. Sealing Solutions is a mixed bag. The parts of that business that touch scientific markets, mostly semiconductor, have done very well. The parts that touch oil and gas and heavy equipment have taken a pounding. So, net-net, it's been a challenging year for Sealing Solutions Certainly, a good news piece of this is our Novotema business that we bought last year. It's integrated well. And they've been able to get on board and be part of IDEX and build a product portfolio and the operating practices that really help them be part of the IDEX core business. Optics & Photonics were stable in the quarter. Profitability improvement, once again, was very good. And these productivity improvements, over the past few years, they really take hold as you get any uptick in volume at all. And so, we're very pleased with the profitability levels and what they're demonstrating there. On the industrial side of HST, looks a lot more like FMT. So, they're still weak year-over-year, but we're seeing stability sequentially. And again, I think that's at least a solid story for us. Material process technology, this is the lumpiest of all of our businesses. Capital projects, really, on a global basis, have been challenged. Our team's done a nice job of focusing in places where we really have differentiated technology and capability, and we've had some nice wins in Asia around food and overall in the pharma markets. We do expect that we're going to see some weakness in North America. But, overall, we think Asia should balance that out. And we think MPT has the shot of having a pretty solid year throughout 2016. Okay. I'm on our final segment. I'm on Diversified on slide eight. So, as I mentioned to you before, there are some puts and takes, specifically, on the sale side because of comping up the last piece of that trailer order, but the net of it is organic orders were up 4% in the quarter, while organic sales were down 6%. Operating margins decreased to 120 basis points. But, overall, if you look at what happened with the step-up charge from Akron, if you exclude that, FSD operating margins actually increased 80 basis points. So, on the core operations, really nice performance. So, Akron, obviously, as it gets brought into the fold, it's a little bit muddled in terms of how things flow through the P&L and balance sheet, and we'll make sure that we're real clear with you again on an apples-to-apples basis. In terms of dispensing, really nice job; they continue to deliver for the company. They're winning across North America, Asia and Europe. X-Smart continues to be a very good story for us, and it's really turned into a high profit business that has terrific positioning for the global markets. So we think 2016 is going to continue to be strong for dispensing. Fire Suppression, we talked about the impact of trailers. But if you kind of neutralize for that, the core markets are stable in the U.S. and in the UK and had a nice solid first quarter. And again, having Akron as part of that team is going to be terrific. That positions us very, very well across the spectrum of those markets. Rescue; rescue has been soft, as we've talked about. It's continued to be that way. But we are expecting an uptick later in 2016. There are a number of large projects in Europe and Australia that have either been announced or they're in preparation, and we think we're well-positioned against those chunks of business. And those are some of the first larger chunks of business outside of the U.S. that we've seen here in sometime. And so we feel good about going after that business. And then really, finally on rescue, eDRAULIC 2.0 and our StrongArm, two products that we've talked about in the past, both are doing well in terms of growing in our core markets, really, specifically in North America, getting off to a nice start. But that market softness in other parts of the world is muting that. Finally, BAND-IT, BAND-IT has really been hit hard by the impacts of oil and gas and the industrial markets. But they've done a nice job in transportation. So, they've had to deal with the headwinds. They've dealt with it well. This is a great business for us, and it will continue to do so, and a great profit generator and one that will continue to – will return to growth here in the future. Okay. I'm on our final slide, and I want to take some time and just walk you through our second quarter and full year guidance. I'm on slide nine. All right, so let's talk about 2Q. In the second quarter, we're expecting EPS of $0.91 to $0.93. Importantly, this includes the remaining $5.4 million pre-tax inventory step-up charge for Akron or about $0.05. So, the way to think of it operationally is it would be $0.05 better than what we have on the sheet here. But we are going to run through the last of our inventory step-up for Akron here in the second quarter. Because of all that, you will have a lower operating margin for the quarter. So, again, that $5.4 million is about 1 point of operating margin, so its $0.20 reported 21% apples to apples. Organic revenue, we think will be flat in the quarter. And tax rate will be about 27.5%. If you look at the fiscal year, we are increasing our guidance. We were at $3.60 to $3.70. We're now at $3.70 to $3.75. And this is principally driven by the benefits associated with the new accounting rules for the share-based compensation that I talked about earlier. It's important to note that we're going to neutralize this year for the impact of Akron. So, the way to think of it is the first half charges that we're going to take relative to inventory step-up will be offset by the operating benefits you'll get in the second half of the year. But, for the full year, you really neutralize the EPS impact of Akron in total. Full year revenue, as we said in the last quarter, we expect to be flat with operating margins – organically expect to be flat with operating margins in the 20.5% to 21%. Again, we guided at about 21% earlier. The difference between what we're talking about now and the 21% earlier is 100% associated with Akron and bringing that in as part of the family. CapEx will be about $50 million. Free cash flow at 120% of net income. We'd ask you to model about a 2% net decrease in shares. Obviously, we had a great start to the year in that when the share price was depressed, and so we're asking you to model at approximately 2%. As always, any future guidance does not include the impact of acquisitions, either costs or the benefits. So, Rob, with that, I'm going to pause here, and why don't we turn it over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew McConnell: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew McConnell: Could you discuss the visibility that you have to the flat organic growth this quarter? Because orders are still down and I know there's a comp issue with the trailers and, especially in FMT, your orders' down 50% on an organic basis this quarter. Can you just discuss how you bridge to flat sales next quarter?
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. So, if you kind of think about where we're ending the quarter in terms of backlog and what we usually go into a quarter with, typically, we have a total backlog that's about half the quarter, and we're kind of plus or minus that. We go into it thinking about what the first quarter versus second quarter with the amount of backlog that we have today and the fact that we built $23 million incrementally of backlog. And it gives us a lot of confidence that we'll get to that second quarter number, plus or minus. And so, I feel pretty good going in to the second quarter about where the top line will land. Because we are such a short-cycled business, you never know, as you know full well, Matt. But where we stand today with what I'll call stability on the industrial side and visibility relative to our current backlog and building backlog, it feels pretty good.
Matthew McConnell: Okay. Great. And then, when you discuss the improvements in businesses like water and Scientific Fluidics, some of the parts that are doing better, is there a way that you can differentiate how your markets are doing versus – I know some of these are the pieces that you've been investing in through a fairly soft demand environment. Is there a way to split out how IDEX is doing versus the market in some of these areas that are going to grow in the back half?
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. I think, not as discretely as I'm sure you'd like, but we can obviously cut it by what we believe to be overall market growth and then the impact of our initiative, whether they'd be market penetration or new products. That's a lot easier to do when you're truly entering a brand new market, which we don't do very often. The new products is really the place where you can really put your finger on and you can see the acceleration. So, if you look at the water businesses, we got a series of new products that we've launched. You can look at those discretely. If you look at dispense, you look at StrongArm, or you look at the platforms that we know we're on in HST, you can get your arms around each of those in a pretty discrete way. The way I would say across the board is we are modestly taking share. I don't think its huge share, but if you look at our relative organic growth rates market by market, segment by segment against our competitors, we feel pretty good that we're holding up relative to how the markets are and modestly taking some share.
Matthew McConnell: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: If we could just start on the reversal of the accrual for the earn-out. I think it looks like it was on the CIDRA acquisition. And I know you would've preferred to pay that money out, because it would mean that business was performing better. Can you talk about what caused it to miss those expectations for the earn-out?
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. So, that was an acquisition that we did that's a very important acquisition; small but important for HST, specifically, Scientific Fluidics. And we went into the acquisition with a very specific point of view of what we though the performance would be of that business. And our partners who are still engaged and excited about being part of IDEX and are doing a terrific job had a more aggressive point of view. And so, we agreed that we put a construct in place, and if they delivered over and above, meaningfully, over and above the base case that they would receive more consideration. And as always, when you do that, you put that on the balance sheet and, each quarter, you have to make an estimate. And so, as we sit here today, a part of that, we don't think they're going to get that, I'll call that accelerated growth on top of what we thought was already a nice chunk of growth in a good piece of business. And so, the accounting rules really dictate that. Yes, I would have loved – it would be terrific if they had hit their very aggressive case. But the base business is still doing quite well and very much in line with the model that we've put together.
Nathan Jones: Okay. So, it's not out of line with where you thought it would be?
Andrew Silvernail: No. No. And that – sometimes it happens, right? When you've got a buyer and a seller and you have points of view that are different. And this is a way to figure that out and it gives both real skins in the game around it and everybody knows what they're getting into, and that's just how it works out sometimes.
Nathan Jones: Understood. So you did about minus 3% percent organic growth in the first quarter. You're forecasting flat the second quarter, which means to get to the midpoint of the full year guidance that was minus 1% to plus 1%, you need about 1.5% in the back half. Is there any assumption of improving markets in the back half? Because it doesn't really look like your revenue comps get that much easier as we go through the year.
Andrew Silvernail: They do get a little bit easier. And Matt, when we're talking about 1.5 points, you're really talking about $10 million.
Nathan Jones: Rounding errors.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. These are real rounding errors. And so, there are some easier comps when you go to the third and the fourth quarter particularly. So, if you remember that the weakening last year really started the midway through the second quarter. And so, we still had a pretty decent second quarter overall last year, but we saw that weakening happening in kind of June. And so, the third and the fourth quarters were comparatively weaker. As I look kind of forward, the really important ramp for us was going to be where we're going to ramp from a weaker first quarter to a stronger second quarter. And that, for us, was really the telling sign. And given the backlog that we built and given some of the visibility that we have, unless you start to see something deteriorate meaningfully that we don't see today, we feel pretty good about where the top line should end up here for the balance of the year.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And then just one more, I guess, more philosophically on the M&A front. You guys have done a great job over the last several years. Earned a premium multiple out there in the market. Are there properties out there that would interest you that would require the issuance of equity? Is that somewhere that you would be prepared to go? Would seem that there's an arbitrage there on your valuation at some point here? Can you just talk about how you think about using equity? Any such properties even out there that would big enough to require that for you?
Andrew Silvernail: So, I think the answer to the first part of your question is yes, we would, but it would be very selectively. Even though we do have a premium valuation arbitrage, that equity is extremely valuable, and being able to use cash or debt tends to be a much better mechanism for us generally. And so, we'd really prefer to do that. But if the right thing were there and that was the requirement, yes, we would consider it. The reality is, and we talked about this a lot in the past, there just are very few things of the scope and size that would require us to do that. And there are some things out there. As we said in the past, there are some larger businesses that we think would be a great fit with IDEX and we believe could drive a huge amount of value, but there aren't very many. But if that rare circumstance were to happen, as one of our board members called it, the purple squirrel, if that was to happen, we don't find them very often, but would we do it? Sure, we'd do it.
Nathan Jones: All right. Thanks very much.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Hey, Mike.
Mike Halloran: So, first, just talking about the signs of stabilization you're seeing out there on the industrial side, is that on the order book? Is that in the customer conversations? Is it in what you're seeing just maybe more normal sequential starting to play out? Maybe just some color on what the contextual things you're seeing specifically that point to the stabilization side.
Andrew Silvernail: Sure, Mike. We started to see this third quarter and the fourth quarter, right? So, as you saw third quarter, fourth quarter developing last year, you are still – if you went back, as I answered Nathan's question, if you went from kind of middle of the second quarter last year, through a good part of the fourth quarter last year, you were seeing sequential downticks, right? And you were seeing all of the behaviors that go along with that, right? And what we've seen now is that sequential stability, call it, for the last four months or five months, and also that – maybe I'll call it that sense of anxiety or panic that a lot of people have when you're seeing sequential downticks, you start to see that level off. So, yes, it's happening in conversations. It's happening in how people are setting their inventory Kanbans. And we're really principally talking about industrial distribution. And so I'm going to call it stability. Now, part of it is we don't have that big exposure or direct exposure to oil and gas. So places that do still have that you're still seeing lots of volatility. Even with oil creeping up here over the last few months, there's still a lot of volatility around that marketplace. And as you know, we're still in the midst of rig reductions. So we're not experts. We're certainly not experts in that part of the world, but the places that we do touch it, that still has a lot of volatility. But the base industrial business, both in terms of the numbers and how people are responding subjectively, feels like it's leveled off to a degree.
Mike Halloran: Okay. That helps. And then kind of a modeling question. When you think about the on-boarding of Akron here, how does that change the seasonality on that FSD segment?
Heath Mitts: Hey, Mike. It's Heath. Not a ton. Akron's activity doesn't have a tremendous amount of seasonality to it. Once we fully layer in the Akron numbers to our diversified segment, inclusive of all the ongoing intangible amortization and so forth, it will have an impact on operating margins down as we begin the journey to build up Akron's profitability closer to IDEX-like levels. But, in general, the order book for Akron doesn't have a tremendous amount of seasonality.
Andrew Silvernail: So, what that will do, though, Mike, is because as we do – because you do have some volatility across that segment, just more than others, and you have some more seasonality because of dispensing, that will probably, to some degree, not huge, but to some degree, mute that a little bit, the whole segment. It will be a little bit more muted in terms of volatility, but not big numbers.
Mike Halloran: That makes sense. And then on the HST side, anything new coming from a new product introduction side? Things you're working on with the core customers there that are going to be significant in the near term here?
Andrew Silvernail: Nothing that's going to blow the doors off. But the stuff that we're going to launch here this year, next year, this is the stuff we've been working on. If you were to go back and look two years ago, we'd have told you that we're going to start to see some stuff coming out in late-2016, 2017 that are really attached to new products that our customers are going to launch. And we're in design cycles with them and we follow them, and so success now for those is really based on do they hit their unit volume expectations. And they're pretty good at nailing that down generally. And so, nothing that's a barnburner, but really consistent growth around that strategy we've had for the long time which is more high value content per platform.
Mike Halloran: Great. Hey, appreciate the time.
Heath Mitts: Mike, just to follow on with that, as we think about the second quarter, as I know you're doing your modeling, we do have a little bit of lumpiness on a year-over-year basis in Q2 for HST, specifically, and that's not so much related to the instrumentation customers. It's more related to our MPT, the material process technologies, where we had some – a couple of – Q2 will have a couple of more difficult comps that we're coming up against in the second quarter that don't repeat later in the year. So, I just guide that to help you calibrate.
Mike Halloran: Thanks, Heath.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Winoker with Bernstein Global Wealth Management. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Winoker: Good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Hey, Steve.
Steven Winoker: Hey. Just a quick question, do you have other earn-outs – acquisition earn-out agreements in place across the portfolio?
Andrew Silvernail: We don't.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And was pricing your typical 1% this quarter positive or something different?
Heath Mitts: Steve, this is Heath. It was a little bit lower in the quarter mainly driven by HST, and that's generally because as we've gotten further along with some of the bigger OEM contracts, that's become a bigger piece of the pie. Specifically, for HST, we don't generally reopen those contracts for pricing-related things. But it was a little bit lower than the 1%. But, for the year, I think, modeling probably just inside of 1% is a good number in total for IDEX.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And I'm just trying to get my head around the FSDP organic growth again. Outside that trailer projects, last year, organic was down 15%, because I think of the dispensing comps. So, how should I think about or how were you thinking about what real kind of underlying organic was in that unit?
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. I think if you kind of puts and takes [indiscernible] basically flattish. We did see year-over-year order rates that were up a little bit. But if you kind of look at the base overall business, it's kind of flattish with strength in dispensing, decent performance in fire, offset by weakness in rescue and in BAND-IT.
Steven Winoker: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then just one more quickly. I suppose with Akron Brass now, are you guys thinking that your kind of cash availability and debt availability, capacity for M&A this year is on the $0.5 billion range or something – or you think – okay.
Andrew Silvernail: That's right. Yeah. You hit it on the head. We got about $0.5 billion that we could tap into from our balance sheet. So, think of it over the next three years as being $1 billion-ish. That's another way to think about it.
Steven Winoker: Okay. I'll pass it off. Thanks, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Cusic: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Allison Cusic: On water, Andy, you talked about some projects getting pulled forward because of the weather. Is that going to impact, I guess, the seasonality or lack thereof this year? Is that we should be thinking about?
Andrew Silvernail: No, it's not a huge number, Allison. So, for IDEX, it's not a huge number for water itself. It's a few million dollars here or there, so I don't think it impacts us looking forward enough to consider it.
Allison Cusic: Okay. Perfect. And then just bigger picture, a lot of talk on the stabilization on industrial side, the panic behind it. Trying to be positive here, is there any thoughts or views that maybe we could see an incremental lift as we move in the back half of the year?
Andrew Silvernail: I feel really similar to how I felt when we talked after the fourth quarter and my commentary is the same. I still think, overall, there's more downside risks than upside. I know it feels better for a lot of people and I know equities in our space have run here in the last month or so. But when you just look at the underlying conditions and take away the emotion of it and just kind of look at the data, the data does not suggest that there is a really strong upside case. I'd love to be wrong, but, as you know, we've always said this pretty consistently, we are much better at managing for a tighter scenario, and we can move on the upside very quickly. But, given the impact of incremental margins, we don't want to be caught on that downside. So, while I certainly don't feel like the risk has gotten higher in the last quarter, I still think that there's, overall, more downside than upside.
Allison Cusic: Great. Thanks. That's very helpful.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question is from Charley Brady with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Charley Brady: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Hey, Charley.
Charley Brady: Hey. Just going back on – you touched on a little bit earlier kind of beginning of the year things looked like a disaster. We had a pretty good snap back on the industrial space. But, I'm wondering, from your standpoint in terms of order intake, did you see a really sharp dip in the beginning of the year and you've come back to stabilization or plus, and so it's averaging out to kind of stable or – I'm trying to get a sense, I guess, of the cadence on really the orders through the quarter, first three months of the year.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, Charley let me clarify first. I think that the overall, just kind of generally, the commentary that I have today versus the commentary that I had after the end of the year, it really is the same. The difference is you got three more months of stabilization, right? You got a quarter more of stabilization. We started seeing some of the elements of it as we ended the year. But that being said, yeah, as we ramped from our first month through our third month, things did get sequentially stronger, but they also tend to get sequentially stronger, right? So if you look at how a normal quarter flows, it's not that different than the normal – maybe a little bit better. I guess, people are – everyone is looking here for a sign of strength. I really don't think it has materially strengthened. I think what you have is another quarter of stability, and the emotional pieces of it that were kind of really pounding in the early months of the year and the late months of last year. That real fear is starting to fall off. The data itself is not dramatically different.
Charley Brady: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And I guess, just kind of bigger picture, on the energy exposure that you guys have had, what do you think, in your mind, that your customers are going to have to see? Is it a function of oil goes back to $50 plus a barrel? Obviously, you're not really much in the upstream, so that's a less of an impact on you guys. But I'm just trying to get a sense, from your point of view, when you're looking down the road, 12, 18 months, what happens in energy to kind of get things kind of back on track and maybe get some growth there?
Andrew Silvernail: Well, I think the radical swing in capital spending and in MRO, so if I were to go back in time and say what do I think that most of us got wrong to a degree, I think we got two things wrong that have been more amplified – that have amplified this downturn more than any of us expected. The first thing we got wrong was, I think, people didn't fully appreciate how much the energy capital spending over the last several years was pulling along the things that we define as general industrial, right? And so, the reverberation of that, as things got weaker, it hurt the general industrial, I think, more than people expected it was going to. So I think we got that one thing wrong. The second thing that we got wrong and we're really seeing playing itself out now, specifically, in that area is, historically, on the MRO side, as the big capital spending has slowed down, the MRO side has stabilized or picked up. And one of the things that we're not seeing in this time is you're – we're seeing differently than necessarily maybe in the past is the amount of pirating that's happening for parts off of things that are being taken offline is pretty dramatic. So why does that matter? It matters because I think that the overall deficit that we've experienced us less so than people who have a lot more exposure, this deficit has been a lot bigger. So what changes? Now, let me address your question really specifically. What changes is that runs its course and the capital spending even picks up modestly, and then you have an MRO deficit now that's got to be filled. Now, when that happens, if I knew that, I'd be in a different line of work. But it feels like the amount of capacity that's coming out, the supply/demand imbalance, at some point, if that turns over, you could see the excess capacity or the need for capacity snap back pretty aggressively. When that happens, if that happens, that's for all the smart people and they'll have to figure out.
Charley Brady: Thanks. That's helpful. Appreciate it.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Charley.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Maczka with BB&T. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Maczka: Thanks. Good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Hey, Kevin.
Kevin Maczka: A couple of follow-up kind of modeling questions on Akron. So, you've got it neutral to earnings this year. The contributions offset by the step-up costs and the interest expense. Can you just talk about where you think margins will be on that business and what's the associated interest expense here this year?
Heath Mitts: Kevin, let's see. Let's tackle the easy one first. The interest expense is going to be $0.02 per share. The incremental is what we're anticipating for the year. And that includes, potentially, what we may or may not do in terms of trimming out some of the balance sheet as we think of that through the second half of the year. So it's a $0.02. The other piece to think about is there's certainly going to be a timing element of that. Andy addressed some of that earlier. We are going to work our way through the total purchase price accounting, step-up cost for the inventory in the first and second quarters. So, that'll have a bigger impact in the negative in the first and second quarters. And then, obviously, in the third and fourth quarter, we won't have those same costs. So you'll also get the full-on Akron Brass operating contribution. So, in terms of modeling, there's a little bit of differences, neutral for the year, but it does have a difference between the first and the second half.
Kevin Maczka: Right. And then thinking about next year in terms of accretion, so there should be more for two reasons: that $7.6 million of step-up costs goes away that you just mentioned, but, also, you're expecting to grow and improve the margins on this acquired business. Can you talk a little bit about the improving of the margins and where they are now and kind of what you think your potential is here now that you own it?
Heath Mitts: Sure. Absent purchase price accounting and absent any intangible amortization, so let's just stick with EBITDA, because I think that's the best apples to apples comparison. It runs about 500 basis points lower than our existing Fire Suppression business. And our existing Fire Suppression business is plus or minus in line with the rest of IDEX, maybe just a tad lower. So, there's 500 basis points that as a stand-alone Akron Brass business that we're going to tackle out of the gate. I would suggest the timing of that's going to take a couple of years to get it up to speed. There's some operating decisions, some footprint discussions underway as we bring the two businesses together, our existing Fire Suppression business with the Akron Brass business. But, as those things happen and we integrate the commercial teams and go through all of that, I think we'll start to realize the synergies in the next two years.
Kevin Maczka: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Graham: Hey. Good morning, guys. How are you?
Andrew Silvernail: Good.
Scott Graham: Question I have is about the energy and chemical impacts that you guys are – that you laid out at the top, Andy. You named the businesses. We know them all well. Could you tell us, first of all, the percent of sales from chemical and energy right now?
Andrew Silvernail: Well, you've got – so let's kind of break it into its pieces. So, energy in total, is somewhere north of kind of 10% of the company, right? So, somewhere – 10%, 12% of the company. The upstream piece of it, that's kind of gotten pounded, is about 2%. It was 3% last year. That's just the reality of that. So the stuff that's midstream and downstream makes up the vast majority of what you're looking at what we call energy. And when you think about the chemical piece, the overall chemical piece is a bigger piece, but we're mostly talking about playing in specialty chemicals, right? And so it's not kind of the broad base stuff – it's not the commodity chemical world. We don't tend to play in that. If you call it chemical and industrial that you put it together, we call that's about 25% to 30% of the total business. Pure chemical out of that is half to two-thirds of that total.
Scott Graham: Got you. Now, on that, you have a business that obviously – the mobile business, could you give us a carve-out of that as well? You went out of your way in the slides here to talk about truck builds and, honestly, I've never heard you talk about that before.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. Well, the reason we do is, again, when you talk about energy, people tend to think of energy in a very specific way. And the biggest piece of what's in our energy business is LC, Liquid Controls, right? And so, Liquid Controls, a good chunk of that overall business is going into these mobile applications. So, mobile applications mean meters on trucks, right? That's the way to think of it. And you split meters on trucks into two things, kind of road applications and that serving aviation. And so, now, the reality is that if we don't follow the Class 8 to Class 6 truck build that you would think about for kind of heavy industry or whatever, people who are experts in that, we don't necessarily follow that trend. But the reality is that the truck builders and how these guys think about building, in some ways, does connect to that. So, we're not selling into the average Class 6 or Class 8 truck. We're selling into very specifically mobile energy applications. But there is some correlation between the truck builders that are producing kind of the general Class 6 or Class 8 and the folks who are selling into these mobile markets. So, there is some connection to that. We don't follow the broad trend.
Scott Graham: That's very interesting, the way you look at that. Okay. Thank you. That's all I had. Very nice quarter, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Foung with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question.
James Foung: Hi. Good morning, Andy, Heath.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Jim.
James Foung: Yeah. I just have one question. I was wondering if you could just size kind of the amount of business you may have potentially lost due to oil prices. As we look out to next 12 months with oil firming up and the business coming back, can you just try and figure out how much you can recover as we kind of see the reverse of this?
Andrew Silvernail: So, let's talk about the easy piece of that, Jim, which is the piece that's close to the wellhead. As I've mentioned, we probably had a total of 1% negative on that. So if that was 3% of our business a year ago, it's now 2% of our business. So it really truly is, in and of itself, a 1% headwind on IDEX, right? And then you probably have another 1% to 2% if you kind of scope across the rest of IDEX. Call it $10 million to $20 million more of incremental revenue that's probably been – that you can kind of put your finger on directly. So, call it 2 points of organic growth headwind, up to 2 points of the organic growth headwind that's just kind of directly tied to that. Now, it gets a lot more muddled and a lot less clear as you think about these ripple effects that have impacted everybody. The story that I tell often is a few years ago, we looked at this business in North Dakota. It had nothing to do with the energy world, but we looked at this business in North Dakota and you couldn't drive into the – you couldn't get a parking spot at the parking at the Wal-Mart, you couldn't get a hotel room, anything, right? And you go there today and the parking lot at the Wal-Mart is empty and you can get any hotel room you want at half the cost. And so, what I guess the reason I tell that story is, I think we all, again, underestimated the rippling effect in certain areas of that energy cycle. And so, as it comes back, I don't think it's going to be as dramatic. I wish I could pick a timeframe, but that's for you guys to do. But I do think that not only do you get the direct impacts of what's happened to the energy industry, I think you will get some positive residual impact to the general industrial.
James Foung: Do you think that number would match that 2% of direct headwind that you see?
Andrew Silvernail: Again, I think the upside and the downside were pretty dramatic. So, what you got? Pre-2015 was pretty dramatic on the upside, and what we lived with last year was pretty dramatic on the downside and through the first quarter. Do I think it's going to snap back one for one? I think that would be optimistic.
James Foung: All right. But it's something like – it's somewhere between $50 million to $100 million of revenues, potential revenues...
Andrew Silvernail: No. No, that's too heavy. Somewhere between $20 million and $40 million.
James Foung: $20 million to $40 million?
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. Yeah.
James Foung: All right. Great. Thanks so much.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question is from Bhupender Bohra with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bhupender Bohra: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Bhupender Bohra: So, my question revolves around HST. You've done a good job improving margins here. If I look back historically, this segment underwent through some restructuring. Where do we think margins would actually progress in the second half of FY 2016? And, holistically, where – Health & Science in terms of new products, especially with exposure to MPT, some of the long-cycle businesses here, where do you think – as you progress into 2017, can you give us some color on that?
Andrew Silvernail: So, Bhupender, I apologize. You broke up a little bit in your question. So, I think, if I heard you right, you were asking what do we think the back half HST margin looks like. I heard that clearly. I didn't hear the second part of your question clearly.
Bhupender Bohra: Yeah. Second part of the question, kind of holistically, if you look at HST, you've done a good job improving margins here. How do we think – like, what is actually driving the core sales for the business in terms of when you have – when you look at the exposure from MPT and Sealing Solution businesses?
Andrew Silvernail: Okay. So, let me – I'll try to tackle that, and if I don't get your question, if I don't answer it just right, please reframe it. So, yeah, we've done a nice job of getting this business up to speed. The way I break it down is kind of on the revenue side and then let's talk margins. And obviously, they're interconnected, but there's a couple of different stories in here. On the revenue side, we've seen real strength consistently out of those things that are scientific in nature, right? So life sciences, semiconductor, some of the electronic world that we touch marginally, those have been good and, by the way, have good profitability associated with them. And we've also had strength in improving margin to parts of the portfolio that were weaker. So if you look at MPT or if you look at Optics, over the last couple of years, we've done a nice job of moving profitability up. So you've seen the op margin move, but the bottom – but the top line is a little bit deceptive. And the reason for that is you've got a good chunk of that overall HST that's still really is industrial, right? So you've got a big chunk of – you've got the Gast and the Micropump businesses. You've got a good chunk of even the Optics business that's more industrial-related. And then you got a big piece of the sealing business that is touching oil and gas. So we've had some really – some nice strength on the scientific side offset by some weakness on the industrial side, but in total, overall margins that have had nice improvement. So, I think I may have missed your back question about MPT. So, if you'd repeat that, I'd appreciate it.
Bhupender Bohra: No. I think you answered the question on MPT. My thinking on MPT was MPT was kind of a long-cycle business within HST. And when you talked about the capital spending within the industrial business, overall, broadly weak right now, how should we think about that in the second half, especially, you're thinking is like there's much more – still more risk to the economy in terms of spending?
Andrew Silvernail: I think so. And I think to be clear about some things, because there's a few things depending upon how you take it, it could be some mixed messages. The first one is our overall view is you're getting some industrial stability. As that moves to the back half, you end up with some easier comps. And whether or not that's industrial, within FMT or some of the industrial parts of HST, you get moderately easier comps as you get to the back half of the year because of the real weakness that we saw last year. So, to me, that's a good news story, but not because the business is materially improving sequentially, so I don't want anyone to walk out of here saying, God, I'm confused. Andy is saying there's more risk to the downside, but we're going to be better in the second half. These are really consistent statements, right? We've seen stability. We've got a little bit easier comps in the back of the year. But, in total, as I look at the global economy and I look at the puts and the takes and whether there's more upside or more downside, given the underlying fundamentals, we believe that still there remains more downside than upside.
Bhupender Bohra: Got it. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Giannakouros with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Giannakouros: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for sneaking me in here.
Andrew Silvernail: You get, Jim.
Jim Giannakouros: Yeah. So my question is on your organic growth investment dollars and where you're funneling those. I understand it maybe early in the year for you to be shifting those, but can you talk about where you're focusing, specifically, your organic growth investment currently? What businesses the focus is squarely on improving returns? And where growth investment won't be dedicated anytime soon? And if you've shifted your thoughts just given any surprises over the last six months, whether that's market based or just the efficacy of execution of internal strategies from specific business lines? Thanks.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. So, Jim, when you look at our investments like this, they tend not to have radical swings in the short term. And the reason I say that is because from the time you decide that you're going to aggressively going to go after an idea until the time it's launched and then, I call it, full absorption into the marketplace, those cycles are really long. And that really works to our benefit around when you win market share or you win new applications, the stickiness of those is really the fundamental driver to the economics of IDEX, right? That stickiness is a big deal. That being said, it takes a long time for that to happen, right? Our customers are highly risk adverse and they test and they poke for an awful long time before making any kind of radical decision. The reason I say that is that requires sustained long-term investment. And so, we tend not to jump around a lot in that. So, just kind of behaviorally, I think that's important to understand. To kind of directly answering your question, which is where we focused, a way to think about that is if you look at our portfolio and our businesses, and this is all public stuff we talked about before at investor meetings. We've got about two-thirds of our company in revenue and about three quarters of our company in profit that I would squarely put into the growth category, right? These are franchise businesses with clear number one or really strong number two positions. I'm talking about franchise brands like IDEX Health & Science, the Scientific Fluidics business. I'm talking about Viking, Warren Rupp, right? Gast. Even though our Rescue business is struggling, if you look at the brands within rescue, they're outstanding. If you look at our BAND-IT brand, even though it's got headwinds from oil and gas, they are a franchise business. I can go kind of down through that list. And so, they've got great positioning, terrific fundamental economics, we're going to – we are investing for growth, we incent for growth around those businesses pretty aggressively. And by the way, we differentiate how we think about resource allocation with those businesses. On the flip side – and by the way, I would say that it's much more biased today around new product and new channel than it is anything else. The other part of it is, we've got about a quarter of our business, a little bit less than a quarter, that I'm going to put into the category of fix, meaning they don't have IDEX-like profitability. Now, to be clear, I think a lot of people we [kill] for the profitability of what we call fix. You're talking about EBITDA margins that are solidly in the mid-to-upper teens, but they're not in the mid-teens or mid-20%s rather EBITDA margins like all of IDEX. So there's a series of businesses in there that we still can – we think can move and can fix. They look like our fire business that's had a 1,000-basis point improvement over the last several years. And so there are some businesses squarely in there, that, boy, we think we can move the margins very substantially. And by the way, a bunch of the performance that you see in here, we've had great performance in those fixed businesses through the first quarter. And then you got a small portion of the business that's kind of – we define it as outperform, meaning, we want you to win in your markets. We expect you to keep up with the competition, but you're kind of not in either one of those categories today. So, that's how we differentiate. And we really think about resource allocation and we think about the mission that each one of those businesses have really clearly upon where they fit in to the definitions. And they understand their missions.
Jim Giannakouros: That's helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: There are no further questions. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andrew Silvernail for closing remark.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Rob. I appreciate that. So, everyone, first of all, I appreciate you taking the time to spend with us to talk about the first quarter. Our comments, hopefully, everyone's walking away with the clarity of our message, which is, we think we're executing quite well in a continued challenging market. There has been some stability in the markets, which is good, but we still think there's still lots of challenges here ahead, but we're very, very well-positioned, and I'm thrilled with how our teams have performed. Our folks throughout IDEX have really performed well to make sure that we're delivering value for our customers, for the people who work at IDEX and, very importantly, for you, our shareholders. So, I appreciate your time, and we look forward to talking to you in the future. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates - VP & CAO Andy Silvernail - Chairman & CEO Heath Mitts - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Securities Steven Winoker - Bernstein Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus Matt McConnell - RBC Capital Markets Charlie Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies Joe Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer Walter Liptak - Seaport Global Matt Summerville - Global Advisors Joe Giordano - Cowen and Company Jim Foung - Gabelli
Operator: Welcome to the fourth quarter 2015 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. With no further ado, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Michael Yates, Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, Mr. Yates. You may begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full-year financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our Company's financial and operating performance for the three- and 12-month periods ending December 31, 2015. The press release, along with the presentation of slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our Company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO and Heath Mitts, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview of the fourth quarter and full-year financial results and then he will provide an update on what we're seeing in the world and discuss our capital deployment. He'll then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the first quarter and full-year 2016. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13620002. Or you may simply log on to the Company's homepage for a replay of the webcast. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody. I appreciate you joining us here for the fourth quarter call. A year ago when we were on this call, we talked about there being a difficult macro environment and the headwinds that really lay ahead for 2015. Those conditions played out and in fact played out a little bit more difficult than we had even anticipated. The reasons for it, I think everybody is aware of and they certainly did not escape us. We had the strong U.S. dollar which hit us significantly in the year. The impact of energy prices that really rippled through much of the industrial economy. There were low crop prices that hit farm income and ultimately hit the ag market. And those factors really played out in two major markets, in the U.S. industrial and in the Chinese industrial markets. And I think the conditions that we're seeing here today that we saw in 2015 and the conditions that we expect to see in 2016 are really impacted by that. That being said, the strength of our diversified and our balanced portfolio and the quality of our teams really demonstrated themselves here throughout the year. And I'm very proud of the execution of the teams through 2015 and our expectations are continuing to drive strong performance operationally in 2016. We saw this play out in the numbers in a handful of ways. Year over year, our gross margin was up by 60 basis points and our op margin was up by 30 basis points. We had an 80-basis-point improvement in op margin and HST and an impressive 120-basis-point improvement in op margin and fire safety diversified. We also generated $322 million of free cash flow. That was 114% conversion. And we got aggressive on restructuring in the back half of last year when we saw the softening happen in the second quarter. We spent about $11 million in restructuring and we're going to save about $12 million in total, $10 million incrementally in 2016. The other part of our strategy that really plays itself through and, I think, allows us to differentiate in this kind of environment, is our value-centric approach, very thoughtful approach to capital deployment. In this past year, we completed 3 acquisitions. We spent about $200 million. We retired an $81 million euro note. We also divested a small product line, our Ismatec business in scientific fluidics and it had a pretax gain of about $18 million. And we bought back 2.8 million shares, spending just over $200 million to do so. As I look at the year ahead, frankly, I think that 2016 is going to look a lot like 2015. The near term environment is one of slow growth overall, negative growth potentially. But our business fundamentals remain outstanding. If you look at the critical nature of our products, the large installed base and the high replacement costs, none of these things have changed. The moats around our businesses and our capability of driving very high returns in these businesses remains the same. And we will continue to focus on where we have strength in 2016 around operational improvement, around our positionings in the marketplace and around productivity and, of course, putting money to work intelligently for you, our shareholders. Before I get into the results for the year and for the quarter, let me take a second and just tell you what we're seeing in our markets and in regions around the world. First on the market side, if you look at energy and chemical, everyone is painfully aware of the difficulties in the energy market. We certainly have felt the impact of that in our energy business, BAND-IT and sealing solutions. As you know, we don't have a lot of exposure upstream. We do have some, but the bigger impact now is really the rippling CapEx effects as it moves through the industrial economy. The chemical side, we do expect it to be lower growth than it was in the year, but we still expect it to be a good news story in 2016. Industrial is really around the U.S. and China. If you look at industrial distribution in North America, it started softening in the second quarter of last year and that continued through the balance of the year. We do not think that that gets worse in 2016, but we do expect it to continue to be soft relative to history. On the ag side, the ag markets have been hit hard. Overall, farm income is down and we certainly see that play out for the OEM orders in the marketplace. But our position is very niche-y with our Banjo brand. We have outstanding positions. It is a terrific business and we just continue to really make sure that we're in the right places when a rebound does happen. Scientific fluidics and really the life-sciences businesses in general, continue to be a bright spot. They were in 2015 and we expect it again in 2016. And we really have terrific positioning in analytical instrumentation, bio and IBD. As I look at the new products that are coming to market, we know what our positioning looks like there and overall that is a good news story. Municipal is also a bright spot. We had low single-digit growth in 2015. We expect that momentum to continue into 2016 and we're seeing nice opportunities there also in terms of our ability to penetrate markets. In terms of regionally, I really have touched on this already, but just quickly - North America, the story is really around two different worlds. One is industrial which is very soft; the other is municipal and life-sciences which is solid. Europe - Western Europe is actually stable and in decent shape. And we think the conditions there will remain the same in 2016. And Asia which is really driven by China, there is no doubt that China is in an industrial recession, has been here for some time. We have certainly felt the pinch there. But I think it is important to note that we really view the long term opportunity in China with our business as being very good. And we have said this many times in the past; as things cycle downward, we often find ourselves being much more aggressive to be able to grow our business long term and take advantage of when others are being hesitant. The other part to our strategy and how we really differentiate is around capital deployment. And I already noted some of the things that we have done in 2015. But we're going to continue this four-pronged strategy that we laid out a number of years ago. So number one, we're going to fully fund organic growth and continue to make growth investments in good times and in challenging times. We're going to pay a consistent and robust dividend. We're going to buy back shares when we believe they are below intrinsic value. And we're going to execute on M&A. And we have done all of these things for the last handful of years and we're going to continue to ride that strategy. On the organic growth front, we have continued to focus in on markets and customers where we think we can significantly differentiate and we can grow highly profitable business. Some examples of that that we saw in 2015 playing out in 2016 are the launch of our StrongArm and our rescue business and certainly the terrific success of our fluidic systems and life sciences. In terms of dividends and share repurchase, we returned about 34% of net income last year. In terms of dividends, we grew that by 14% in 2015. And we also bought back 2.8 million shares for $210 million in 2015. You should expect to see trends around those two things remain pretty much the same in 2016. On M&A, as I mentioned before, we bought 3 companies last year for about $200 million - Novatima [ph], Alfa Valvole and CiDRA Precision Services. And in 2016, we anticipate significantly exceeding this level. And so we've got a great balance sheet, we have terrific cash flows and we have a very nice overall pipeline. So this will be an important part of our strategy here going into this year. With that, let's turn to the full-year results. I'm on slide 4. So, just as a reminder, these results exclude the impact of restructuring in both the full year and the fourth quarter and the gain of the sale of the Ismatec business that we had last year. In 2015, we had revenue of $2 billion. That was down 6%, down 4% organically. We also had orders of $2 billion which was down 5%, down 2% organically. Orders and sales, they continue to be soft in 2015, really pressured by the impacts I mentioned before - the oil and gas and the ag markets and really the slowing overall of North American industrial. The good-news story here was op margin is 21%, up 30 basis points year over year. And, again, I'm very, very proud of the team's focus on driving productivity and margin expansion even in a tough top-line environment. Free cash flow was a robust $322 million or 114% of net income. GAAP EPS for the year was $3.62 and adjusted EPS was $3.55. The 7% positive gain was really due to the restructuring actions and the gain of the sale of Ismatec. For the quarter orders and sales decreased 4% organically. Adjusted operating margin increased 40 basis points over the prior year to 21%. That was driven by strength in FMT and diversified which were up 40 and 280 basis points respectively. Free cash flow was strong at $88 million or 130% of net income. And for the full year and for the quarter, please keep in mind that we had a $2.6 million benefit or about $0.03 a share income tax, from the decrease in the Italian statutory rate in late December. So we ended up with $0.94 a share which was up 6% from prior year. Okay, let's turn to the segment discussion. I'm on slide 5. And as always, we will start with fluid metering. FMT closed out the year with a 1% increase in organic orders in Q4 and a 1% decline in organic orders for the full year. Sales were down 5% for the quarter and 2% for the full year. Op margin was up 40 basis points in the quarter, but down a modest 20 basis points to 24.6% for the year. And really very, very solid execution here for our energy business and driving productivity and continuing to keep very strong margins in the segment. In water services, the North American and the European markets were decent. Low single-digit growth and we expect that to play out again in 2016. And this is a place where we continue to see really great innovation driving those marketplaces and nice opportunities in 2016 and beyond. I have talked a lot about already the industrial markets. They were a significant headwind for FMT in 2015. Very low CapEx spending on projects really in the impact of oil and gas spending rippling through that marketplace. The top-line pressures, we expect them to continue, but they are flattening out. They are not going to further deteriorate in 2016 and we will continue to drive productivity and margin expansion in the segment. I'm very pleased with the performance of our recent acquisition, Alfa Valvole. The integration has gone well and we anticipate solid performance in 2016. In our energy business, there was some top-line softness really that impacted upstream oil and gas. But it was offset by nice efficiency gains and great margin expansion. In 2016, there are similar headwinds and we also have a little bit of a truck business in terms of our mobile meters, will be a little bit softer, but should be offset nicely by our aviation business. And finally, in ag, I have talked about this enough already, but we continue - we do believe it is going to be soft in 2016, but certainly do expect a bottom in this year. All right. Let me move to health and science. I'm on slide 6. So, the overall results in the quarter for health and science were really driven by a strength in life science markets, offset by weakness in the industrial. And there was a little bit of a poor mix impact here. So, that was the story for the fourth quarter, but also for the year. So, strong life sciences and scientific and weaker on the industrial side. In the fourth quarter orders were down 6% and sales were down 2% and for the year HST had a 2% decline in orders and a 1% decline in sales. Margins decreased 60 basis point in the quarter, but they were up nicely 80 basis points for the year. Scientific fluidics, the overall market place here is strong and we expect to continue in 2016. End-market demand, whether it is analytical instrumentation, bio or IVD, all remain nicely positive. And, again, we've got really nice positioning and innovation in this segment of our market. Sealing solutions, it is really a tale of two sides. One is the oil and gas business which has been soft; and the other which is their penetration into the semiconductor market which has been good. This certainly has been a negative mix, where we're more profitable on the oil and gas side than we're in semi, so that has played itself out a bit. And really, the trends here that we talked about remain the same relative to our expectations in 2016. You know, a tough industrial market, but an improving landscape on the scientific side. Optics and photonics were stable in the quarter. End markets in terms of industrial and laser optics were weaker, offset by strength in life sciences. Profitability has been a good news story there in 2015 and should be again in 2016. HST industrial looks a lot like FMT. The stories are very, very similar. We have great positioning here. We've driven nice productivity, but we certainly are feeling the headwinds of the overall industrial landscape. Material process, globally large capital projects were really put on hold in 2015. And we don't expect a big rebound in 2016, although we do have nice targeted projects that we're working on in our ability to make our own luck here in this business. All right. I'm on our last segment, diversified. I'm on slide 7. Now remember, this segment has really had the biggest swings that we've seen from some large impacts of orders and sales here over the last year, really driven by our fire trailer sales and our large rescue order and then some softness on the BAND-IT side due to oil and gas. Organic orders were down 6% for the full year and we had a 10% decline in organic sales. Operating margins improved nicely in the fourth quarter, up 280 basis points; and for the year, up 120 basis points. So, another impressive result, although admittedly coming off a soft comp here in the fourth quarter 2014. Dispensing had excellent growth in 2015. The core markets in North America, Western Europe and India all had impressive growth in the year and we expect that to continue in 2016. Sales of our X-SMART product have been terrific and they are driving top-line and bottom-line improvement and the overall new product pipeline in dispensing is very robust. In terms of fire suppression, the markets in North America and the UK have had solid performance and we expect stability in 2016. The rest of the world remains pretty choppy. If you look at the emerging markets and the budget tightness across those emerging markets for fire, that is going to be tight and that also impacts rescue. So, in our rescue business, had a very strong North American sales from our eDRAULIC 2.0 and the launch of StrongArm. But, this is our most global business and has really been impacted the most by the tight budgets in emerging markets. And finally, BAND-IT. BAND-IT has been a profit engine for this Company, continues to be. The impact from oil and gas were tough for BAND-IT in the year, but they continue to have strength on the transportation business. And this is a business that we'll continue to invest in and grow aggressively over time. All right. I'm going to - two more slides here. We will talk about overall 2016 guidance and then a few points on the quarter. I'm on slide 8. So, for the year, we really expect organic growth to be down 1% to plus 1% and that is fundamentally a macro call looking at the markets that we play in. We would expect to outgrow - outgrow our markets, but we do expect there to be relative softness throughout 2016. If you look on both sides of this bracketing, down one to up one, it is about a $0.10 headwind to a $0.07 tailwind, depending upon which side of the ledger we end up on. In terms of FX, we're primarily impacted by fluctuations in the euro, the Canadian dollar and the pound. But we kind of put all of that into the mix, the impact in 2016 is much more modest than the impact was in 2015. This year, we expect about a $17 million impact at today's rate which is about a $0.03 headwind. We do expect the acquisitions of Novatima, Alfa and CiDRA to add nicely to the business. But remember, that will be offset to some degree by the sale of the Ismatec business. The net of this or the gross would have been up about $0.05, $0.055 in the year, but offsetting Ismatec gets to about $0.04 of positive impact and $21 million of sales for the year. In terms of tax rate, we expect that come in at about 28.5%. That will be up over this prior year because of the impact of the changes - the one-time changes in the Italian statutory rate that we have the benefits of. So this will be about a $0.03 headwind versus 2015. We will continue our share buyback program. We expect to repurchase about 2% of our shares for the year and so that will add about $0.07 in 2016. And the impact of our restructuring gets us about $0.10 of benefit in 2016. Our productivity will fully offset our wage and material inflation to about a $0.03 benefit. But as I mentioned before, we're going to continue to invest. So even in difficult times, we need to make the call and continue to invest in growth opportunities and we're going to do that again this year. And so that can be up to a $0.10 impact for the year. All right. I'm on slide 9, our final slide. Let me talk about Q1 and a few more items around the full-year guidance. For Q1, we're estimating $0.80 to $0.82, with operating margins of approximately 20%. The Q1 tax rate will be 29% and we estimate that to be about a 1% top-line sales impact from FX. All right, a couple more items for you for the full year. For the full-year revenue growth, as I mentioned, we expect negative 1% to positive 1% organic growth and full year operating margin to exceed 21%. Top-line FX impact is about 1%, as I mentioned before, $0.03 of pressure. Full-year CapEx will be about $50 million. Free cash flow will be another strong year, 120% of net income. And once again, we expect to repurchase about 2% of our shares. As always, please remember that any of the guidance excludes the impact of M&A or the costs and charges associated with acquisitions. So with that, Tim, let me stop here and turn it over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Halloran: Let's start with the guidance. Could you just talk a little bit about how you think the cadence runs through the year Andy? It feels like it might be slightly back-half loaded. Maybe you could just talk about what your underlying assumptions are for improvement in the environment as you work for the year versus comps versus what you see in your order pipeline, things like that.
Andy Silvernail: Sure. Well, first of all, at your conference last year we talked a lot about the realities of the first half of the year. And I think, if I recall saying, we said think the year is going to be negative 2% to plus 2%. And so as we look at it today, we think the year is now negative 1% to plus 1%, so it has tightened a little bit. In terms of how it flows, we knew that the year the tougher comps were going to come into the first quarter. And also, the first quarter just has more general expenses than you see in other parts of the year and that is a pretty typical thing overall. We're not calling for a big second-half rebound, Mike. There is some modest rebound expected, but it is not huge. And so, we're mindful that we could go through all of 2016 with it being a tough year and that is our expectation. And you know, we typically go into these things more cautious than not. As we have said many, many times in the past, we're a business that can respond very rapidly on the upside. We don't need a lot of direct labor to increase - or to tackle the increasing order book. At the same time, our high-variable margins, we want to make sure that we don't have a cost structure that is too heavy going into more tough times. Heath, do you want to touch on that?
Heath Mitts: Sure. Mike, as normal, the Q1 earnings is typically lower than the rest of the year on comparable sales, just because of some Q1-related expenses mainly around stock compensation and otherwise. So, that is not uncommon for us. There is some natural seasonality from Q1 to Q2. And then we just know where some projects line up in terms of certain elements of the business and the timing of those. So, as we put together the forecast for the year and our budgets for the year, that translated into this guidance. All of that was taken into consideration in terms going out with the lower Q1 relative to where we were confident that the rest of the quarters will come in alignment.
Mike Halloran: And are you suggesting, then, that if you go to the negative 1% organic growth and compare that to the 1% at the high end, that the low end doesn't really assume any real fundamental improvement as you work through the year and the high end assumes some modest improvement in some of those stressed markets?
Heath Mitts: I think that is a fair - I mean, obviously we touch a lot of different end markets with our diversified portfolio, but I think that is a fair assumption.
Mike Halloran: And then on the acquisition side, obviously some more bullish comments there than you have made in the last couple years. Maybe talk about what gives you the confidence. What kind of things are you seeing in the pipeline? Are these opportunities that have just been gestating over time here that just feel like they are coming to the finish line? Is it that the market has gotten a little more conducive? Maybe just talk about that confidence factor.
Heath Mitts: No real meaningful changes in the M&A market. I don't see anything that is materially different than it has been in the last 12 months or so. It really comes down to we've got pretty good visibility to what's in our pipeline. We have had a lot of irons in the fire and we feel good about where some things are moving. At the same time, things break. So, we have been to the altar many times, but we feel pretty darn good about where we stand right now. And we think that this will be a good year for M&A for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Just Andy, curious - I know you just touched on the acquisitions, but trying to understand that pipeline a little bit more. You said there was no changes to the market. I mean, is there anything fundamentally that you've done differently over the past few years that maybe built that pipeline up with a little bit more quality-type deals for you?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Allison, two years ago - I can't remember if it was this call two years ago, but right around two years ago we talked about the fact that we were putting more resource across the Company toward M&A. And that has certainly been - that has certainly helped play out. And so, if you just kind of look at what came last year, $200 million, I think we will certainly beat the $200 million this year in capital deployment. I think it really comes down to where we're putting our time and our effort. And we're talking about things that look like us. These are acquisitions that are squarely down our - the middle of our strike zone. And so I think it is time, it's focus and it's some things just playing themselves to the pipeline. You guys know how this works. This is - I wish it were a science, but it is a mix between art and science and it is playing out pretty well right now.
Allison Poliniak: And then, just touching on energy, obviously at $30 here for crude, it sort of sounds like energy is at least stabilized, obviously not getting better for you and the industrial sort of ripple effect. But if we see at sort of this low level, would you expect another step down in terms of some of that spending and constraints there?
Andy Silvernail: I don't think so for us, just because knowing where we play in the different parts of the market, I think the thing that has been surprising to us and a lot of folks, I think is the overall ripple effect that we mentioned and you mentioned here just a second ago. It has played out across the industrial economy more than I think people had expected. But in terms of it being a further step down at the current rates, I don't think so. As we look at the projects that we work on, say, Toptech and Toptech has a pretty good view of kind of larger project use. As we look at BAND-IT which is the more upstream stuff, those things have been hit already. And you can kind of follow the activity that drives that. But as you know, the vast majority of our business is midstream. And so the only kind of incremental negative that I see for us and I think this is really unique to us, is in our liquid controls business. We touch a lot of mobile applications that are on trucks and that truck build is going to come down, we think, in 2016, but offset, I think, reasonably by where we sit in the aviation which - where we have a good share, but there is a lot of penetration to go. So net net, Allison, I think we're - at this level, I don't think it changes very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker of Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Winoker: Can we just put a finer point on 1Q? Is the calculation roughly about negative 1.5% organic? Is that with the implied - that is sort of my math is sort of getting me that range. What are you guys suggesting?
Heath Mitts: I would say you are in the ballpark. We're looking at low single-digit organic, but not significantly different on an absolute sales basis from where Q4 came in.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And then when you say you are not assuming a second-half ramp, but clearly there must be some here, is there anything in that assumption base about something getting distinctly better during the year? Or is this just comp-based when you are running the comps through it that are getting you to that new range?
Heath Mitts: Let me clarify for my comment earlier. We do have some seasonality in the business and certainly the uptick from Q1 to Q2 is quite normal in our business. And then, there is generally project activity that takes place, some of which is already booked in our backlog for the back half of the year over and above kind of what we say is the daily book and bill rate. So there is some sequential uptick. Albeit, no doubt on a year-over-year basis, the comps get a lot easier after we anniversary the first quarter.
Andy Silvernail: That's right.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And just so I'm clear in terms of the current exposure, if I kind of work across the whole portfolio and add up those things that are kind of being hit cyclically that you went through, so - and, please, I'm sure my numbers will be off here; I would love to be corrected. But industrial, I've got it at about 18% to 20% of the whole portfolio; energy, oil and gas, like, 11% to 15%; and ag, another 2%. Is it something like - that gets me about a third of the portfolio that is being hit right now. Where am I wrong?
Andy Silvernail: I think be more general. Let's generalize it a little bit here. So if you - and then I will dive back in, Steve. So, about 30% of the portfolio is life sciences and municipal and about 70% is industrially based. And if you start to segment the industrially based pieces, the - certainly, you have got it about right on the energy which is 11% to 15%. That is a good number in there of the total portfolio. And the ag piece is bigger than that. The ag piece is kind of 4% or 5% of the overall business. And then you start to slice it down by chemical, by general industrial, et cetera, et cetera. That is a pretty good picture. So I think the pieces that are being hit hard, that have been hit hard, are exactly what you just talked about. But you also have the other pieces that are also kind of hitting the industrial landscape that are soft, too. So, that is why as I kind of look at it and I say what really ends up happening in 20 - this year is the strength in 2016 is life sciences and municipal offset some of the negative impact in the more industrial pieces you called out and getting us to that negative 1% to plus 1%.
Steven Winoker: And then maybe just sneaking in one on that M&A orientation, as you are looking at that pipeline right now, is the category that these deals are in - first of all, are you able to go larger because of the dislocations in the market? And are you leaning toward any particular segment more so or any kind of characteristic in terms of cyclicality? Any guidance on that front would be helpful.
Andy Silvernail: You bet. So, let me kind of take the back half of that question first which is if you look at our funnel, it is actually pretty well spread across the three segments which we're excited about. We have got stuff in all three segments that we're looking at and we can certainly see things breaking this year across the three. In terms of cyclicality, non-cyclical, we don't have a huge ambition to increase cyclicality a lot. We have done a lot over the last decade to moderate that. And so that strategy will continue generally. In terms of overall pricing in what you're seeing, certainly some of the industrial pricing is starting to come down. It is coming down a little bit; it's still not coming down a lot. Money is still cheap in a lot of places and there is still competition there. The scientific businesses certainly have more robust multiples than the industrial-based businesses. Did I capture everything for you, Steve?
Steven Winoker: Everything except willingness to go larger on the acquisition themselves.
Andy Silvernail: Okay. You know, our sweet spot has always been that kind of $30 million, $50 million to $250 million. That is our sweet spot. And the reality is there just aren't that many things that are north of $0.5 billion that fit into our strategy. That being said, there are some and we absolutely would be willing to, if we could - if we had a view of being able to create significant value. For us, we start and stop with the idea of are we going to create significant value for shareholders to take on incremental risk. We have got a great business here. And so we're not going to bring on foolish risk via M&A and dilute our portfolio. We would much rather be more thoughtful and make those kind of dead-center acquisitions. But there are a few things that are bigger than we would do, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: I'm going to beat the M&A horse a little bit more. If you think a little bit longer term than just how you are going to progress with M&A in 2016, you guys have done obviously a very good job over the last few years. FMT margins mid-20s, FST margins mid-20s, health and science margins up into the low 20s. When do you start thinking about potentially adding another leg to the portfolio where you can use the same kind of techniques you have over the last several years to drive margins from something that might start at a lower base to create value?
Andy Silvernail: Well, I think, first of all, Nathan, we have a lot of room kind of squarely within the businesses that we have today and near-adjacencies. If I look at our businesses and say, could we double the size of IDEX organically plus acquisitions that are right in our dead-center and near-adjacent, absolutely we can do that. And so, I'm not going to say we would never add another leg, but it is not the first priority. There certainly are a lot of things we'd look at over time. We have analyzed a lot of industries and a lot of subsegments of industries. And there are some things that are very attractive that absolutely fit our business model and our operating capability. But, I don't feel the need to go jump out at those. There are some things that if they became available at reasonable prices that we would do, but they are not priority one.
Nathan Jones: Okay, that is fair. And obviously lower risk if you are sticking to near-adjacencies.
Andy Silvernail: Yes.
Nathan Jones: You did mention significantly higher plan on spending and M&A. I kind of did some back-of-the-envelope math to get you to an upper end, maybe, of leverage range after dividends and $100 million of share repurchases that you implied. I'm getting, like, $500 million, $600 million of available capital in 2016. Is that somewhere in the ballpark of what you are thinking about, knowing that you can't predict timing?
Heath Mitts: I think that is a fair number. I mean, we could probably stretch a little bit more than that in this environment, given where our balance sheet sits today. But you are talking about with the $100 million plus value, you're talking about a $750 million total deployment. I think that is probably fair without getting too uncomfortable.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. Just to be clear, Nathan, that is our capacity, not necessarily our expectation.
Heath Mitts: Correct.
Nathan Jones: Do you have an expectation?
Heath Mitts: Significantly above last year.
Nathan Jones: I figured that is what I would get. If I could just slip one in on China, you said China is no doubt in an industrial recession. Can you give us a little bit more color about what your people on the ground are seeing over there and what your expectations for the progression of that recession is in China?
Heath Mitts: Upwards of two years ago, we started having this conversation with you guys about the softness of what we saw on the ground compared to what was being said everywhere. And the real issue is overcapacity, overbuilding. So if you look at almost any industrial sector in the Chinese economy, there is overcapacity in one way or another and they are going to have to grow into that capacity. And so I think 2016 is going to look a lot like 2015 for China. But at the same time, we're taking a longer view there. We - China is not an easy place to do business, but it is a place that we make a lot of money and long term is a place that we want to be. So we're going to continue to invest. But we and everybody else are going to have to work through the overcapacity issues over the next 12, 24 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Matt McConnell: Andy, just to follow-up on your answer to an earlier question, you said you had M&A opportunities in all three segments. I know fire safety and diversified, you have such high share; it has not really been an M&A focus. Is it somewhere where you will see opportunities in adjacencies? Or what would be the M&A focus there?
Andy Silvernail: You know, there are some really nice adjacencies in diversified. And if I look at the fire business, if I look at BAND-IT, we actually have put more resource around some of those areas in the last 12, 18 months and uncovered some really nice adjacencies that have the same kind of fundamental economics and leverage our strengths. And so, we would stay very close to home; there is no doubt about it. But there are some things that are out there that are pretty nice.
Matt McConnell: And then on the growth priorities for 2016, you are investing $0.03 to $0.10. So, what are you prioritizing there? And maybe what have you had to scale back, just reflecting that we're in the second year of a pretty tough environment, down organic revenues this year? What are some of the priorities that you would want to highlight? And maybe, what is - how do you get trimmed back a little bit?
Andy Silvernail: Matt, let me kind of answer that first by - from a high-level perspective and then come down to more specifics. As you know, our business model really relies on very, very aggressive segmentation. We're continually segmenting and re-segmenting around customers or products and markets where we think the profit pools exist. And so if you look over the last couple of years and you actually look at what we've done, we have moved our revenue to higher-margin profit pools and we've taken out structural costs that are really unnecessary to continue to move that margin, drive the returns and move growth in the places that we think are valuable. And then, frankly, we have taken out - probably in the last two years, we have probably walked away from, I don't know, $40 million, $50 million of revenue. Is that a fair number?
Heath Mitts: I think, yes, over the last two years, the number is around $50 million that we have walked away from.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, we're actively paring it, but we don't think we have differentiation and we don't think we have a long term strategic advantage. And we can move those resources. So, that is just part of what we do year in and year out and we will do it again this year. This year, we will probably pare back a percent of revenue, if you look at what we'll actually take out of the business that we think is nonproductive revenue and move those resources to other places. So, where are we moving it? It is really - we're really moving our resources all around our franchises. If I look at the franchises that we have in IDEX, we have a positive displacement pump franchise around biking and around [indiscernible] that is outstanding. I mean, really, really outstanding. Those two businesses are dang near 15% of total revenue, more than that if it's a percentage of total profits. We're going to continue to invest in there, even though their markets are a little bit rough right now. But if you look at the three or four new products that are going to get launched this year and next year under those franchises, they are going to be a big deal. And also certainly market development around both of those pieces of that franchise. We also have a terrific franchise around scientific fluidics and the optical components that match that. So, the optical fluidic engine that we talked about for a long time. We're making some pretty good-sized, long term bets in that franchise that, frankly, we're not going to see anything from for two or three years that - but we see where the market is going and we see some big, big upside moves here where it is going to take market and product development. So, we're certainly putting some resource there around that business. Our energy franchise, if you look at liquid control, that brand in particular, that is an absolutely terrific brand. We continue to invest there, even in the face of the downturn, because we see the data loop going in a major way. It's moving from hardware and basic software to a data loop and we need to be able to close that data loop to continue to grow that business. We're investing there. And then, we're making some pretty big bets in India and in China. So, in India, we have - as we have built a number of new facilities since 2011, we now - we have built 2 facilities since 2011. We have grown that business very aggressively and we have a position where we're a local player in the market, where we built a terrific business and can grow it pretty fast. And then in China, as we mentioned before, when things are difficult, this is when you can actually make some investments that are at a much bigger discount then you could have three years ago. But I think 10 years from now, is the Chinese market going to be more important for IDEX or less important for IDEX? It is going to be more important. So we need to make those investments there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Charlie Brady: Can we focus on dispensing for a second? It sounds like the growth was pretty solid there. Can you just give a little more granularity on the parts of that business where you are seeing that growth beyond just the broad geographical statements?
Andy Silvernail: Sure, you that. It's actually - there is strength in three specific things and two are market related, one is product related. So, on the market side, as you know, over the last four or five years, the competitive dynamic in the U.S. market has - we have really positioned ourselves extremely well. And as the business - the overall business has come back over the last two or three years, our share position has grown meaningfully. And not just big boxes, right? Everyone kind of focuses on big boxes, but there are a lot of other outlets that are very important to the marketplace. And through new product development and having things that are better overall price positioning for that middle market, we have done well there and we have continued to take share in the big-box arena. Western Europe, this is a more - I apologize, this is just more of a general statement. The market improvement in Western Europe, we have taken advantage of that. And then finally, X-SMART. X-SMART, as you know, we launched out of India. We developed and launched out of India. It has certainly exceeded our expectations over the last few years and it is a product that is going to move its way into the advanced markets; there is no doubt about it. And we're going to launch here later this year. As you know, the X-SMART was kind of a lower price point, very high-capability automatic dispenser that really created a market. The market was manual and now we have a product that has really brought the automatic capability into that manual And we're going to launch a mid-tier product here in - later this year that we think is going to be just as exciting.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bhupender Bohra of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bhupender Bohra: I believe you spoke about first quarter being weak on the core sales. How should we think about margins? I believe you gave guidance of 20% - I believe it is 21% plus. How should we think about in terms of looking at the productivity, pricing, of the quarters? Is it like first-half or the second-half heavy kind of thing? Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Our pricing continues to be very IDEX-like in nature in terms of getting roughly, on a gross basis, about a point of price. Most of our price increases across the businesses go out in the late fall or early Q1. So we get a pretty good sense of what's going to stick on that by the time that we provide this guidance. And that is consistent with where we sit today. So, there's no doubt that benefits us. In terms of the productivity, as you noticed, as you probably noted on the bridge, that has been a good story. The teams have done an excellent job of being able to offset inflationary concerns. Most of our inflation comes via the labor inflation across the board. We have been able to hold off on a lot of material input. Inflationary pressures and the productivity initiatives that will run through the P&L are both a combination of carryover activities that we get the full your benefit from in 2016, as well as new initiatives that are continuously underway. So, we feel pretty good about our ability to, even in a flat organic growth environment, with the current construct of the portfolio, to be able to hold and expand overall operating margins.
Bhupender Bohra: And the other question I had on the orders, if you can just give us some color how do you - are you seeing orders in the first January basically? And how do you exit December?
Heath Mitts: Well, December is always a full-year push with the holidays and everything else. No different than any other year. We ended the year in, I would say, fine fashion. It is never as good as you quite want it to be and January is off to a reasonable start. But there is no doubt that, just as the color that Andy has provided throughout this call, there are certain end markets that are more pressured than others. And the areas that we think are going to be a little bit more robust around municipal and some of the things that are around life sciences, those areas have continued to be aligned with our guidance and continue to be a little bit stronger. So, this is going to be - when you are sitting at flat organic revenue growth, it is a bit of a slugfest throughout the year and we continue to operate in that mode, knowing that we've got to get more aggressive with productivity and in other areas where we can control our own destiny, knowing that the market support is going to be fairly volatile throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Radigan of KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Radigan: A couple questions on HST. It sounds like scientific fluidics is okay. How are channel inventories there? Because in the past, that has caused one- or two quarter pauses in growth every once in a while. And then, is it reasonable to assume sort of mid-single-digit industry growth there based on the content you have won? Or is this - I know you said you are making investments. Is that growth more long term, two or three years out?
Heath Mitts: Specific to channel inventories, don't necessarily see anything today that has me particularly concerned. There are a bunch of product launches that happened in the first part of this year, meaning our customers are launching. Right? So we will keep a pretty close eye on that. In terms of the investment cycle that I mentioned before, we opted, coming out of our strategic planning cycle this year, to go longer on a particular product innovation that is - it is going to take two or three years to develop. And it is a longer bet than we have historically made in some areas. But if I look back at some of the bigger bets and bigger successes, that is where they have to - that is how they pay off and that is how you have to go about them. So, what we're looking at for 2016 and 2017 is much more around kind of our bread-and-butter product development and market development. And as you get into 2018 and 2019, we expect to see some of these bigger things come into play.
Joe Radigan: Okay. And then do you expect any favorable impact from the budget agreements? Specifically, the NIH budget, I think, increased the largest, at least on percentage terms, in 10 or 12 years. The medical device tax, I think, was - at least there was a moratorium on it. Does that benefit you or is that not really that correlated to your business?
Andy Silvernail: No, the medical device tax, we're not going to see any impact, I don't think, from there. On the NIH side, just as we said when the NIH budget got crimped here a few years ago, the dollars themselves and how those dollars are spent are really actually not that big. But what they do is they really ripple through the industry and they start to drive innovation to the industry. So, when you are talking about an NIH budget that is - what is it, $35 billion, $36 billion, somewhere in that range, relative to the size of the life science industry, that is pretty small. But it does certainly drive innovation and there is a ripple effect. So the net of it is, it certainly is good news. But we don't get impacted by it really directly. It is more indirect and it will take a little bit of time.
Joe Radigan: Okay. And then lastly Andy, can you just elaborate a little bit more on what you are seeing at BAND-IT outside of energy in terms of daily order rate? Have they weakened through the end of the year, early this year? Or, just what you are seeing there.
Andy Silvernail: It is pretty flat. It is pretty flat generally. I would say that the transportation side continues to be good. As you know, we got on a whole series of product launches here a few years ago and that is playing itself out nicely. And we have some nice opportunities, too, to get on some new business. But what I will call the general industrial stuff, the stuff that we look at as the canary in the coal mine, pretty flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Konigsberg of Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Konigsberg: Just coming back to the commentary on price and cost, I guess maybe I just don't quite understand the bridge that you are coming to with the $0.03. So if you're saying you get a point of price, materials are - the input prices should be coming down, you are saying kind of flattish. Productivity is offsetting bureaucratic inflation. Why wouldn't price fall through at a much more meaningful rate? If you just want a point of price, that is kind of like almost $.20, not $0.03.
Heath Mitts: Let me just clarify. On our bridge, prices is part of what we look at in terms of organic volume as well. So, when we're looking at the productivity side of things, we go into any given year with somewhere between $20 million to $25 million of inflationary pressures, two-thirds of which is labor costs, labor inflation. So, when we're looking at productivity initiatives, we're really looking at how do we offset those inflationary pressures. And then price, to your point, would then fall through. But that is embedded as part of our organic calculation.
Brian Konigsberg: But you are saying productivity should effectively offset that $20 million to $25 million of inflation?
Heath Mitts: Correct.
Andy Silvernail: Of wage and material.
Heath Mitts: Wage, material and burden inflation.
Brian Konigsberg: Right, so what is left is just price. I mean, just in the bridge.
Andy Silvernail: No, no, I think you are missing what Heath is saying. If you go to the organic count which is that first line item of negative 10% to plus 7%, price is going to be in that side of the organic calculation.
Heath Mitts: Correct.
Brian Konigsberg: Okay, understood. And then just on the restructuring, the $10 million, can you just talk about how that flows through by segment? And, to the extent you see incremental weakness in 2016, that is there obvious places to address if the downside scenario does take place?
Andy Silvernail: Certainly. We got fairly aggressive in the back half of 2015 to the numbers that we have noted here and about the $12 million that is the 2016 impact. Obviously, we received a little bit of benefit towards the latter half of 2015 as well. But the $12 million which is about $0.10 a share, is the 2016 impact from those completed actions. I would say we're a lot - we're ready if the market ticks down. There are also - some of that is just going to be volume-based cuts that we made along those lines. We're also, at any given time, in good times or bad, have a handful of smaller facility consolidation-type activities that generally take anywhere from six to 18 months to complete, depending upon how complicated it is. And we would be doing those anyway. And you can expect in 2016 that that is happening.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Giannakouros of Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Giannakouros: Sorry if I didn't get this, but outside of M&A which the conversation has been exhausted which timing and magnitude of spend often comes to you or is determined by outside forces a bit, how should we be thinking about your view of flexing up or down that internal growth spend that you guided to $0.03 to $0.10 headwind in EPS? Meaning, are there some projects that are in the maybe column and not necessarily in your 2016 plans? Or, it is all a go and that variability between the $0.03 and $0.10 really has to do with top-line implications and the related leverage?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Jim, some of this spent and running. And then some of it, if we saw the world deteriorate, we could hold back on. And those are things that are headcount related that haven't been committed yet. So, we do have some flexibility on that, but generally, if the markets hold up, we absolutely want to make those. And we don't want to delay that spend. But we have some flexibility.
Jim Giannakouros: And, again, if M&A doesn't map as you think it will in 2016, what is the priority ranking between the other uses of cash? Internal investments is up there. Like you said, you maybe get it more aggressive when others received. Or should we be thinking that you get more aggressive on share buybacks would be the number two?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I think from an organic growth and a dividend perspective, those are pretty dialed in. So, I don't see anything right now that would say to me, go take a large chunk of the rest of the free cash flow and balance sheet capacity to go do that. I think we're very dialed in there. It really would be around looking at where we trade relative to intrinsic value. And as we have talked about in the past, we have got a pretty robust process of how we think about share repurchase. So we put the work into estimating what we think the Company is worth. And when the Company is trading at an increasing discount to that, we will increase our share repurchase. But that being said, strategic M&A is absolutely the first thing we want to do with the excess cash. That improves our positioning. It allows us to compound capital over time and grow the business. But, in the absence of that, if we're at a discount to intrinsic value, you should expect to see us ramp up share repurchase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask about your midstream business and - which is really more like downstream, because you are taking out - pumps and meters, I guess, as they are going from refiners to retailers, if I'm not mistaken. But I wondered about your comments on low project CapEx. And this the case of - kind of like the majors or the oil companies throwing out the baby with the bath water and cutting those downstream CapEx projects.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I think, Walt, what you are seeing is that ripple effect of what would have been [indiscernible] CapEx cut upstream and how that has filtered itself through the rest of the value stream. And so, you are seeing it play itself out. That being said, with the decrease in price - and if we see an increase in demand at all, that will drive that cycle the other way. It will drive the infrastructure cycle around distribution the other way. But right now, we're certainly seeing it in the short term the negative ripple effects of people being very careful with capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of Alembic Global Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Just a couple quick ones. With respect to SSD orders down 10%, you look at revenue coming in at $98 million orders $97 million, those are sort of the lowest numbers since some time in, like, 2011 as I recollect. And I know there have been comps and lumpiness along the way. But if sort of the dispensing piece - which is maybe 25%, 30% of the segment - is doing good, as you talk about, just how bad are the other pieces?
Andy Silvernail: Well, BAND-IT and rescue have both been hit by the forces that we have talked about. And we had the very large trailer order of fire. So the base business of fire is actually up kind of single digits, low to mid-single digits. But we had that really large bulk of business over an 18-month period of time of trailers that is much smaller now. And I can't remember exactly how large it was, but I want to say that was a $20 million chunk of business at one point.
Heath Mitts: At one point. It has normalize for sure.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, really, it is really rescue and BAND-IT on a - if I kind of look at kind of their base business that have been hit by this, with dispensing doing well and then the trailer business that is gone, but the base business of fire - not gone, but smaller. But the base business of fire is doing well.
Matt Summerville: And then with respect to just the orders in HST, if you can parse kind of the life sciences pieces of the business and then what we can just called the general industrial pieces of the business, how would you characterize incoming order rates in those two groups versus the minus 6% that you reported?
Andy Silvernail: The industrial-facing side has been more challenged. The sealing side that has oil and gas exposure has gotten whacked. MBT, just in terms of the project business, has been soft. Those are kind of - and then I would say the micro pump gas which is the other parts of - that I would put in industrial, look a lot like FMT with strength in life science.
Matt Summerville: Great. And then just - I guess one more follow-up. As you look at the general industrial pieces of your business, whether it be FMT, whether it be an HST or some of the things that BAND-IT touches, do you get the sense that your customers in distribution are done adjusting their inventory levels? Did that get, quote, sort of cleaned up in the latter part of 2015 or are you seeing that continue into early 2016, thus adding to - it is somewhat of a - I will call it a little bit of a cautious view overall?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I said in the last couple of calls, this question about destocking has come up. And what I have said, I still hold to which is we don't have as much exposure to what I will call commodity distributors. We're much more playing with value-added distributors, carry much less overall safety stock. So, for us anyway, the issue has been end-market demand and it plays itself pretty rapidly through distribution. That being said, we have seen this many times. In these types of environments, everyone does get tighter around inventory. And if you see an uptick, you will see both a demand uptick and, for us anyway, I will call it a modest restocking uptick. But it's not big for us like it is for a lot of the folks who sell into the more commodity-like industrial distribution.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano of Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Giordano: I guess more of a conceptual question. When I think about your China business and I talk about being in an industrial recession there, how do you think about your business over the next decade there? And then trying to maybe - do you try to adapt your exposures to that market as they tried to adapt their markets to be more consumer-oriented?
Andy Silvernail: Well, I think for us, what you'll see in China - the strength that we've had in China in the last decade has really been driven by industrial development in the mega-city centers. Right? So as all kinds of things have been built and all the structure that goes around that, our FMT products, some of our diversified products, that is kind of where that follows. As you get to more modernization - and I'm going to put modernization into two categories. One is going to be the continued buildout of cities that aren't these mega-city centers. But where population is going to continue to move, is going to continue to urbanize, you're going to see a similar type wave there that I think we will benefit from. So what that really means is we have got to make sure that we're moving our sales and applications, engineering resources to those parts of the country that are going to see the kind of growth where people are going to be. So that is one. The second one, as you see the rest of the country modernize, that is where parts of our HST portfolio and our diversified portfolio start to have strength. So, think about, as medicine becomes more and more important, certainly and testing is more readily available, you're going to see our life science business do well there. You are going to see our material process do well there. You're going to see our optics business do well in that world. And you are also going to see parts of our rescue business do well. So think about fire, think about rescue as you start to see other parts of the country modernize and industrialize. So, it is a nice lifecycle to our portfolio. And over the next decade, I think it is going to be an important thing for IDEX.
Joe Giordano: Yes, I think HST was really what I was getting at. What would you say - think the contribution is from that? In HST, what is China in HST right now? I'm assuming on the life science - part of HST, it is pretty small. Yes.
Andy Silvernail: It is small and it is principally serviced out of the U.S. and Europe, with the sales office in Asia. We're pretty careful around IP and so we have been careful around there. But I do see that growing as a proportion meaningfully over the next decade.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Foung of Gabelli & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Foung: So, let me just ask one question. If oil prices start to rebound from these levels and they start pumping again, how quickly would you benefit from that?
Andy Silvernail: I would say it would look a lot like the negative impact that we had it in terms of timing and the upside. Again, we don't have a ton of exposure downhole. And so you've got that kind of 3% or so of our business that really does have that, that would get impacted pretty quickly. So when CapEx spending started getting whacked here last year, that 3% went to 2% pretty quickly. And so I think you would see that come back relatively quickly. But as it played itself through the rest of our business, it would be more of a slow roll, just like it has been a relatively slow roll in the negative side.
Jim Foung: So you would see like maybe six months kind of a timeframe where you would start feeling some impact?
Andy Silvernail: I think that is fair, Jim. But you have got to realize that just getting - the fracking rigs would come on quickly because you have the capacity to do that. But remember, a lot of the capacity that - the fracking stuff came off-line really quickly. The stuff that is coming off-line now is more the offshore stuff that is a heck of a lot harder to get up and going. So, that timeframe - six months is maybe a little too short. Maybe it is six months to a year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Jones: Just a very high-level question. You have guided to flat organic growth for the year. Can you break that down between what you think the markets are going to grow and what you think you are going to outgrow the markets?
Andy Silvernail: At what level of specificity are you looking for, here, Nathan? I'm not sure I understand your question.
Nathan Jones: As specific as you can get. I mean, the overall guidance for the Company is flat organic growth, minus 1% to plus 1%. When you built up that forecast, what was market growth? Was it minus 2% to zero and you are going to outgrow it by a point? Or -
Andy Silvernail: Okay, I got you. That is exactly right. I think our growth rate relative to the market is - we will beat it by a point. So if you look at the overall market growth, we're building our models are somewhere between one and 2 points. So if we're at plus 1%, the markets are a negative 1%. If we're at negative 1%, the markets are probably down 3%.
Operator: There are no further questions in the audio portion of the conference. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Andy Silvernail for closing remarks.
Andy Silvernail: Well, thank you all very much for joining us. I appreciate it. We're all dealing with the realities of the tough industrial world. At the same time, when I look at IDEX and I look at the strength of IDEX and how we hold up in this market place, I think we have done a very, very nice job. And I want to congratulate our teams for operationally delivering from a capital deployment perspective, doing the right things and really investing in the long term of IDEX. So, look forward to talking to you all again here in 90 days. I appreciate your time. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-20 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates - Chief Accounting Officer & Vice President Andrew Silvernail - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Heath Mitts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird Peter Lennox-King - Bernstein Matt McConnell - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Joe Radigan - KeyBanc Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies Joe Giordano - Cowen Matt Summerville - Alembic Global Advisors Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Michael Yates, VP and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, Mr. Yates. You may begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending September 30, 2015. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, our CFO. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Andy providing an overview of the third quarter financial results, and then he will provide an update on what we're seeing in the world and discuss our capital deployment. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year 2015. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering the conference ID 13604137, or you simply may log on to the company's homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release, and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll turn this call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Mike and good morning, everybody. I appreciate you joining us here for the third quarter 2015 call. As we all know 2015 has been pretty challenging. We talked about in previous calls the softness we’ve seen in the Ag market, in oil and gas within the strong U.S. dollar. In the second quarter we noted that we had seen some slippage in industrial distribution in the first half of the quarter and we definitely saw that come back in the third quarter. And while these market conditions are out there and they remain, we have been very focussed on delivering quality of earnings and cash flow making sure that we are funding our best investments internally and also really leveraging the benefits of our well positioned diversified portfolio. I am pleased overall with the execution that we had in the third quarter and we saw some pretty decent numbers given the conditions. We delivered $0.89 of adjusted EPS which is a penny ahead of last year. We had operating margins that were 21.5% which is 70 basis points better than last year, in particular we had impressive margins increase of 460 basis points in fire safety and diversified and I’ll take some time here a little bit later in the call to give some more color there. We also had free cash flow that is $105 million which is a 132% of net income and we continue to focus our capital deployment. We closed the CiDRA acquisition. We divested a small product line business in Ismatec that had $18.1 million gain and we repurchased 911,000 shares for $66 million in the quarter. As I talked about in the second quarter, we’ve also taken further steps to improve our cost structure through restructuring in all segments. In total we now expect to spend about $8 million to $10 million in the year with significant savings in 2016. For the full year we now expect EPS to be $3.50 to $3.53 and even though we have the challenges that I have noted here in 2015 we’re going to take them head on, we’re going to continue to invest in our businesses, we are going to grow in select areas and we’re going to drive productivity across all segments. Again, I’ll give some color here more in a moment, but before I do that let me talk about what we’re seeing in regions around the world, some end markets and also talk about capital deployment. In North America, as we all know oil and gas in the Ag markets have continued to be pretty difficult. As I mentioned before, industrial distribution did soften in the second quarter and continuing to the third and we do expect these conditions to continue here in the fourth quarter. Europe remained stable although we have seen pockets of growth particularly in water and dispensing and we have seen some uptick in our energy business coming out of our European units. This has been offset by the continued weakness we are seeing in Eastern Europe from the political instability. China, the story really remains the same. It’s been in line with our expectations. It has been weak here for some time, but we don’t expect it to deteriorate any further from here. Even though we are seeing some headwinds there are some pretty nice -- there is some pretty nice momentum across geographies in a number of markets and these include life sciences, municipal and in dispensing. In total, we think that our current guidance captures their market conditions that I’ve talked about here. With that let me turn to capital deployment. This has been a real highlight for us in 2015 as we talked about here for quite some time we have a four pronged approach to capital deployment. Number one is really maximizing organic growth, two, consistent dividends, three repurchasing shares when we believe it’s below the intrinsic value of the company and four importantly strategic M&A. On the organic growth front we’ve been investing aggressively and these conditions although they can be difficult they really are fertile times for investing in organic growth. You see a lot of indiscriminate cutting by a lot of it from competitors, and what we’re able to do is really focus on driving productivity, reinvesting into the growth areas and continue to expand margins and cash flow. We’re going to continue to reallocate people and resources towards our best opportunities where we can drive differentiation, we can drive growth and we can gain high relative market share. Some examples here in 2015 are the Viking Motor Speed pump, our fluidics systems for life sciences, our GAST 86/87 Rocking Piston and our StrongArm and Rescue that we launched earlier in the year. Turning to dividends and share repurchase. In the past three years, we’ve increased our dividend by two thirds and in the recent quarter here we are declaring our $0.32 dividend and for the year we’ve repurchased 2.4 million shares for $179 million and you can expect this year about a 3% share reduction here in 2015. In terms of M&A side, we’ve deployed about $200 million this year in three different acquisitions, Novotema, Alfa Valvole and CiDRA Precision Services and those lay across three different businesses within IDEX and the M&A funnel continues to be strong and we’ve got opportunities across our segment. Going forward you should expect to see us continuing to leverage our balance sheet and strong free cash flows in this important strategic priority. All right, let me now turn to the third quarter results. I’m on slide four. Orders were $485 million; they were down 4% in total, down 2% organically. For the quarter revenues were $504 million down 6%, down 4% organically. We’ve talked about the major contributors in terms of oil and gas the Ag markets and slowing North American industrial, however op margins of free cash flow were both very strong in the quarter. Operating margins as I noted were up 70 basis points to 21.5%. Free cash flow was $105 million converting the 132% of net income and as I said EPS for the quarter was $0.89 up a penny from last year. And again overall I’m pleased with the execution and pleased with the discipline that our team that are bringing to this challenging market place. With that, let me turn to the segment discussions. I'm on Slide 5, and I’ll start with Fluid & Metering. FMT organic orders decreased 3% in the quarter, organic sales were down 4% primarily due to the challenges I’ve already discussed. Operating margins were down 120 basis points in the quarter due to lower volume and non cash acquisition charges. Let me note however that if you remove the impact of the acquisition inventory charges for Alpha, FMT margins were actually flat year-over-year so that’s nice performance in the face of some volume declines. In Water services, we’ve had a strong global municipal market in particular in the U.S. we saw municipal business up about mid single digits of the quarter. The U.K. has also had improvements in the market place and we’ve won share with new products and across the platform we’ve had margin expansion and I expect to see that performance continue to really through the balance of this year and into 2016. In industrial I’ve already talked about what we are seeing in the overall markets and this is true in our pump business and we do expect those conditions to continue through the year. However, if you look at North America and Europe, particularly in the Chemical businesses we are seeing low single digit growth and we’re seeing nice momentum as we enter 2016. In Energy, we’ve actually had a surprisingly good story here. Overall top line remains stable in this environment, we’ve kept price and we’ve seen some business uptick in the European and Middle East and downstream projects that have rebounded here recently. This has been offset however by the issues that we are seeing in North American oil and gas. Outside the large projects if you look at North America we’re seeing strength in aviation due to lower fuel prices but our mobile business has been a little bit slacky as we expect the truck builds to slow down into 2015 and in 2016. On the Ag front you know the story very well. We’ve had weakness here throughout the year as we expected. We do expect that to continue in 2016 but again this is a business that in the long term has been favourable for us and we believe we’ll continue to be overtime. All right let me turn to slide six and we are talking about Health & Science. In the quarter, organic order growth was up 2% while our organic sales were down 3%. Margins -- op margins decreased 40 basis points really driven by business mix. In terms of the different platforms, Scientific Fluidics, it really continues to be a bright spot for us. It’s been loosing strength in Analytical Instrumentation, in bio and in the IVD markets and we expect this demand to continue in 2015 and into 2016 In Sealing there’s been a little bit of mixed bag. We’ve seen some nice share wins in semi conductor. All of that has been offset by the weakness in upstream of oil and gas, but -- and we expect these conditions to really to continue throughout the balance of this year. Optics & Photonics has been stable in the quarter. And we saw the industrial and the laser optics business weaker, but underlying life sciences demand has been very solid, and again profitability continues to expand in this platform. HST industrial looks a lot like what we talked about in FMT with distribution softening, but the team has done an excellent job winning business in adjacent markets and continuing to improve productivity. The Material Process, it’s actually a strong quarter for MPT. We saw strong orders and the momentum going to the fourth quarter really across a number of markets particularly in Asia. We expect to see the benefits of this in the early part of 2016 as you know this is a lumpier business for IDEX and we are seeing capital spending spotty overtime, but this is a good news story right now and into the early part of 2016. All right. Let me move onto the final segment. I’m on Diversified on Slide 7. Organic orders were down 8%, and they decreased and organic sales were down 5%. The decline is principally driven by tough comps compared to the fire trailers of last year and softness with BAND-IT really with their depressed energy prices. As I mentioned earlier, we had operating margins that increased 460 basis points and this is a obviously a very impressive performance for the team, but I will caution you not to set that as a new benchmark. In the last few quarters we’ve had outstanding business mix, specifically within the Dispensing and the Fire businesses and we expect in the future to see more normalized profitability. Dispensing has been a good news story for us across the globe; we’ve seen strength in North America and Western Europe and in Asia. The wins that we are seeing have been driven by the improvement in overall construction markets but very importantly the strength of our X product which is growing to grow another 25% this year over last year. In Fire suppression the core North American and U.K. businesses have been in decent shape and although we don’t expect any particularly large projects this year we are continuing to see nice wins in those domestic businesses and excellent profitability driven by productivity across the platform. In Rescue, we did see some delays in projects internationally but the North American business has continued to be strong, eDRAULIC 2.0 has taken share consistently and we launched our StrongArm tool which is the utility tool for fire and for our law enforcement markets and we think this is going to have nice momentum going into 2016. Finally, looking at BAND-IT and as we talked about the conditions have been difficult. The industrial distribution and the oil and gas businesses have been challenging to BAND-IT, but the transportation segment has continued to grow. You know BAND-IT has been a bellwether for us, continues to perform and we have high expectations for the business going forward. All right. Let me conclude now with the fourth quarter and the full year 2015 guidance. I’m on slide eight. For the fourth quarter we now expect EPS to be $0.88 to $0.91 and operating margins of 20.5%. The Q4 tax rate should be around 27% to 27.5% and we expect about a 3% top line headwind from FX. As I mentioned earlier we now expect full year to be EPS to be $3.50 or $3.53 and we expect revenue growth to decline about 2% to 3% and full year operating margins to be about 21%. All just a couple of the modelling items for you for the full year. We now expect FX to impact us by about $90 million for the year compared to $95 million from prior guidance and that’s about $0.20 of EPS impact for the full year compared to 2014. CapEx should be about $45 million. Free cash flow of 120% of net income and again share repurchases should decrease the share count by about 3% for the year. Finally as always we need to exclude the impact of acquisitions both positive and negative and also take out the impact of restructuring charges and the gain of sale from the Ismatec product line. With that, Tim let me turn it over to you for questions from our audience.
Operator: At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran at Robert W. Baird.
Michael Halloran: Can you hear me?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, hi Mike.
Michael Halloran: Okay. So, a couple of one’s here. First, on the HST side, you know I was a little surprised that organic revenue declined in the quarter but obviously the orders were pretty solid. So maybe talk a little bit if there was any blips in the quarter specifically that would’ve maybe changed what the run rate is in that business and how you are thinking about the progression as we move into the fourth quarter in 2016?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes so Mike on HST in particular things that were touching the scientific world life sciences in particular we saw strength anything touching food we had strengthened. It really -- that any weakness that we saw in the quarter was due to the industrial portion of it, principally around GAST. You know that been -- a lot more like FMT and that is any slowness we had there. The core scientific and health pieces of the business performed very well.
Michael Halloran: And as you think about that on a run rate going forward is this an area where you are expecting organic growth in the fourth quarter or is that something that might normalize out as you hit next year in some of those MPT projects that you mentioned start rolling through.
Andrew Silvernail: So if you think about 2016, I would expect that to be the case I think you’ve got nice strength in Life Sciences and we will see in the early part of the year the benefit of the projects for MPT shifting. In the fourth quarter, net net I think you end up being flat year-over-year.
Michael Halloran: And then more broadly as you work into 2015 here -- yeah I understand completely you are still going to be FX headwinds. As you worked into 2016 maybe you can just talk about some of the thoughts you guys are having internally going into next year, what are the buckets where you think that growth is going to be achievable as you hit next year and where do you think the headwinds are going to persist as we go into next year? Is that just an early read on what you are seeing in the environment today and what that tells you about next year?
Andrew Silvernail: I think the biggest headwinds we are going to see are going to be in the first and second quarter, which I think they will be meaningful, right. So the fall off in spending that I think everyone has experienced relative to the capital projects in oil and gas I think they really, in terms of from a comp perspective they are going to be tougher in the first and early in the second quarter and get a little bit easy as you get into the third and the fourth quarter next year, I think that will absolutely be the case. You know Ag is a little bit of wild card to be honest with you, Mike it’s a little bit tough to find the bottom there. I think everyone -- you guys have seen what’s happened with the big capital producers, but net net I don’t see that as a big negative. You know going into next year I think that biggest question mark is going to be what happens with industrial because the North American industrial business and what happens with China. Those are the two things that I think are the biggest question marks going into the really the fourth quarter. I think the fourth quarter we got pretty dialled in, but I think as you go into next year those are the biggest things. In terms of upsides, I think municipals can continue to be good. All signs continue to point to that, and I think that the scientific piece of our business in Life Sciences whether it’s analytical instrumentation or bio IVT, those are good new stories to come you know really across the board. And you’ve had a lot of headwind from you know FX that you know we start to lap here as we get into the back half of this year first part of back half of the fourth quarter first part of next year. And we’ll see how that plays itself out.  But, Mike I’ve said pretty consistently that I expect 2016 to be a slugfest. I don’t think it’s going to -- that market conditions are going to be meaningfully different from what we’ve seen and it’s going to be about being very smart with internal capital deployment meaning where we invest in our businesses, driving productivity and very smart external capital deployment.
Michael Halloran: Thanks a lot. And just one last one from me, obviously grade FSD margins, recognizing that those aren’t sustainable, you highlighted the normalization you expect, how do you define normalization? Is that towards something that 26 kind of range for that segment on the margin line or should we be thinking about a little bit different now?
Andrew Silvernail: Mike, I think modelling is -- you know given the relative size of the segment within the portfolio you know $1 million here there can swing the percentages round quite a bit. So but I think modelling probably between that 26 and 28 range is fair.
Michael Halloran: All right. Thanks guys, appreciate it.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker at Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Lennox-King: Hi, everybody. This is Peter Lennox-King on for Steve. I was wondering if you could maybe talk me through a little bit more detail on the restructuring front. Is the allocation between the segments for the remaining $3 million to $5 million or so that's in the guidance, is that allocation going to be similar to what you had in Q3? And then could you talk through a little bit of the payback timing, the magnitude and where – how big the benefits will be for each segment as much as you can?
Andrew Silvernail: I think the spread as you noticed in our adjustments that we made by segment was a little heavier towards FMT and HST in the third with the Fire and Safety, the Diversified business only receiving about $300,000 of that charge. It will probably be a little bit more ratable in the fourth quarter, but still heavier towards FMT and HST. In terms of the aggregate payback for that, so we're going taking a charge of somewhere between $8 million and $10 million in the second half of the year. You can assume that, that payback has somewhere less than the one year payback, so obviously the benefit from that which we will quantify as we go into next year's guidance here on our January call will be somewhere north of the charge.
Peter Lennox-King: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe shifting gears a little bit back to capital deployment. Can you talk a little bit about the M&A pipeline, how you thinking about getting more aggressive, less aggressive in the current environment with other volatility. And then again as much as you can which segment you're sort of targeting or which businesses you're looking to really move on?
Andrew Silvernail: So, Peter in terms of the segments we actually looking at things across the three segments. And there are some things that we've been cultivating quite some time piece of things that have deployed in the recent past that make our pipeline pretty attractive. We feel good about where our pipeline is generally both in the near term and in the longer term. And so, we feel pretty good here about our ability to execute on M&A. Maybe in the balance of this year, maybe not, we'll see. As you know these things move around quite a bit, but certainly as we go into 2016 we have an expectation of doing so. And as you know, we've made an important organizational change here in earlier this year and a big piece of it was really freeing the organization to be more aggressive around M&A. We've got a great balance sheet as you know. Our cash flows are terrific. And we think that we have the organizational structure to do it. The environment is an interesting one, right because this is an environment as you pointed out, Peter, is very volatile. At the same time as you say, sometimes you got to take cookies when they are passed. And there are some pretty nice properties that are out there. You may not buy them at the perfect time, but at the same time we understand what we're looking for and we're looking for businesses that are structurally fit over the very, very long terms and are going to deliver high returns for shareholders.
Peter Lennox-King: Great. Thank you. And just one final follow-up there. The aggregate spend over time that you're look at, is that still thinking about the same, same sort of size, range there and the same individual – size of individual deals as well?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I mean, our sweet spot is that kind of $50 to $200, $250 million that really is our sweet spot. As I've said in the past there are few things that are larger that are north of $1 billion, that we look at consistently. Those are few and far between. But there are some that are out there. But our sweet spot and where we really drive value for shareholders is in that $50 million to 250 million dollar range.
Peter Lennox-King: Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell at RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Matt McConnell: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Matt.
Matt McConnell: So, guidance for the fourth quarter, it seems like organic revenue declines are moderating. Is that what you intended to incorporate in the outlook? And how much of that it's coming from an easier comp in Fire and Safety versus any kind of stabilization or sequential improvement in the other two segments?
Andrew Silvernail: Matt, we're not expecting sequential improvement. It really comes down to comps when you look at the fourth quarter. I think this environment right now is squishy enough that any belief that we're going to see a material change in the external environment in the fourth quarter I think that will be misplaced.
Matt McConnell: Okay, great. Thanks. And just a quick follow-up, Andy, you made a comment that China, you don't expect to deteriorate from here. Is that based on specific customer conversations or just? What gives you the confidence to make that kind of declaration?
Andrew Silvernail: You know, we've had a pretty tight beat on China, if you remember, if you look back even, a year or 18 months ago. Yes, we started talking about the fact that we thought the China was meaningful weaker than call it the headline commentary. And for us it really is kind of looking at the underline business and where we are seeing demand, our Richter business in particular continues to be strong in China and that's been our real winner for us. We do expect our rescue business to pick up here as we look at the balance of this year and into 2016. So, it's much more specific to the businesses that we're in versus a call on the China economy.
Matt McConnell: Yes. Okay, great. Thanks. And last one just a follow-up on the capital allocation question, could you been really aggressive with the buybacks, but clearly pretty happy about the M&A pipeline and opportunities. Is there a self imposed leverage threshold where you might slowdown the buybacks? Or what kind of deal do you have capacity for right now given that you spend quite a bit of your free cash flow this year?
Andrew Silvernail: You know, we're still only sitting at just north of turn in net debt, right. So we've got a great balance sheet. So I'm not awfully concerned about that and obviously the free cash flow is very, very strong. When its all said and done, when you put the two side by side our preference is strategic M&A, it certainly creates more value unless you have a major dislocation in the stock price. And so, obviously as we move down that path and as deals come through we would naturally slow down M&A. But – excuse me, slow down repurchases, but let me know really clearly, our repurchase program is 100% driven and what we believe the intrinsic value is of the company. And you'll see our acceleration or deceleration based on a very, very well thought out analysis of what we think that is. So, as an example when we saw the stock kind of dropdown into the 60s earlier this year, we were lot more aggressive than we are today. And when the stock is up closer to 80 we were then buying back closer to half to 1%. So, strategic M&A is number one, we got plenty of capacity to do that and share buybacks are driven 100% above value.
Matt McConnell: Great. Thanks very much.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Maczka at BB&T Capital Markets. Kevin, please proceed with your question.
Kevin Maczka: Thanks. Good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Maczka: So, kind of an encouraging comments here within FMT on the muni water side and really on energy side too. I'm wondering if you can say a little bit more about that muni water spend. What you're seeing, how you think that plays out going into next year, if there's any kind of submarkets that are driving that? And then on the European energy side, what's driving the pickup there?
Andrew Silvernail: Sure. On the muni side, couple of things, number one, a general uptick in overall spending driven by tax receipts. And we've talked about for a long time that there is any time you start to see major movements in tax receipt there's kind of 12 to 24 months lag or lead time depending upon which side of a cycle you're on. And so those tax receipts are starting to lift all boats so to speak. There's just more money in the CapEx and in the OpEx budgets in the Western parts of the world than they were 12, 24 months ago, so that's one thing. The second thing is it's really our strategy in particular in water services has paid off. So we have continued to win share in our target markets, target applications and that's what's driving the success above and beyond markets. So as I look at 2016, we know what's in the co-pipeline. We know what we won and we believe we feel pretty confident that market is going to be better than there was this year and certainly better than it's been in the last couple of years. So, in combination its not like it's roaring at high single-digit or double-digit, but a solid mid single-digit in the U.S. in municipal water, that's a good piece of news generally. In terms of the energy side, I wouldn't get too excited about that. And what I mean by that is our holding our topline; you've got to remember a couple of things. First, we really don't play very much in the downhole side of the world, right. So as we said in the past, that's been 2%, 3% of our total portfolio for IDEX, obviously that 2% or 3% has been battered this year with the reductions that you've seen. But we mostly play in that midstream market that is held up better, so that's kind of one thing to remember. Second thing is we've had some really nice wins in aviation, that have been really share wins for us and we've seen that across the globe. The third is there are number of projects that we've been on top of that -- in the past we've talk about the fact, they got pushed out and we didn't win. And we're starting to see those flow through in Europe and the Middle East. I would not say that is commentary about the health of the overall market, but more so our business unit performance.
Kevin Maczka: Got it. And Andy, in terms of price, it sounds like you've held price on the energy side. Are there some other areas whether it's in FMT or beyond where you've been able to get some price or maybe you had some pressure?
Andrew Silvernail: Actually, no pressure. I mean, we get the letters that everybody else gets from our customers. But at the end of the day, we'll command what, Health north of a point this year, right around the point. A - Heath Mitts Right, around the point.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. We'll get a point of price here before the inflationary impacts in terms to net it out. But we'll get a point of price this year with no significant places of price pressure.
Kevin Maczka: Got it. And just finally from me on mix, from time-to-time it can be such a big margin mover this quarter. Of course we saw it in FSD. And it doesn't sound like you're expecting that sustain. But I'm just wondering kind of across the portfolio is there anything in terms of the visibility that you do have that we ought to be aware about in terms of mix, either positive or negative as we look at Q4 or maybe even in the next year?
Andrew Silvernail: Well, a few things. Generally as a portfolio the only place we see mix impact us significantly is in FSD. In the last two quarters that has been, obviously its been a good news story for and we're caution you guys not to build margin assumptions north of that 28% range to 26% to 28%, that Heath gave earlier, I think that's a healthy place to be. In terms of FMT or HST, I don't expect there to be major mix shifts within those businesses here and there, but not enough to long term change the trajectory of the business. Within FSD in particular, right, on the margins, if you go back in time, the margin there have been moving up substantially. We really improve the profit profile of fire and of dispensing. And that has change the overall profit profile of FSD. We're at the point now where I don't expect to kind of gains we've had to replicate themselves and I think we're in a pretty good spot there in particular.
Kevin Maczka: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak at Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys, good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Just going back to MPT, obviously more positive on there, when you talk about that order growth was it essentially projects that we should have seen in 2015, got push to 2016 and I guess what the risk if that's the case to 2016 orders right now?
Andrew Silvernail: So, as you know Allison, this is – if we have any place that's lumpy, this is it. And you can see some pretty significant swings that can move the organic orders and organic sales for HST in a quarter in a more meaningful way than some of the other businesses. So, what you're seeing right now is we had some nice wins here in the quarter that help certainly on the organic order front and they really going to shift in the second part, excuse me, in the first part of 2016. In terms of what that means looking forward, at this point we don't have visibility kind of for the fourth quarter and third quarter and orders that might look like this. Maybe we got a lot of stuff in the hopper, but there's nothing that makes me particularly excited or particularly concern relative to that and how it would be play out in the fourth quarter and therefore later in 2016.
Allison Poliniak: Great. That's helpful. And I'm sorry to go back to the FSD margin. If I'm looking at nice expansion this quarter, I guess based on your commentary can I assume half of that was driven by mix with the balance being the productivity efforts or is my math off?
Andrew Silvernail: It's probably a little bit more than that. In general the mix impact I would say, its probably more like two-thirds to three quarters and I'm kind of thump nailing on it here. But the productivity, we definitely saw nice productivity, but we did have a meaningful mix shift in those two businesses.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Allison.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Radigan at KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Radigan: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Joe Radigan: The sequential margin decline in FMT and HST, was that largely a function of the inventory step up and then more generally how do you think about margins sustainability across IDEX, and what looks like its going to be a relatively protracted slow growth environment going forward here?
Andrew Silvernail: So, specific to FMT, the step up, that was a meaningful impact from quarter-to-quarter ended I said, it actually normalized for the inventory step up charge on the year-over-year basis FMT margins would have been flat. So you kind of back into what that tells you there. So, really on volume being down modestly, pretty nice performance in the business in terms of profitability. From an HST perspective, nothing really meaningful in there, there's nothing that I would signals one way the other any change in margin profile. If you look at the longer term, we've said pretty consistently that in a low growth environment call it 2%, 3% somewhere near. We can get 50 to 80 basis points maybe up to 100 basis points depending upon what happens in profit improvement. But if you look at – if you're in the 2% range you're probably looking at 50 basis points, you're in the 3% range, you're probably looking at 80 basis points of expansion. Just because our contribution margins are in the low 60s, snd so that plays itself through very helpfully and we can continue to invest in the business. Obviously if we get a benefit and few things pick up faster, you're going to reinvest even more which you're still going to see really, really nice margin expansion. So even if we continue to be in this environment, I feel good that if we see just modest improvements in top line we're going to continue to expand margins in the core portfolio.
Joe Radigan: Okay. And then, within the optics and photonics business, that I think commentary for the last few quarters has been stable, maybe weaken a little bit this quarter, but what needs to happen for that business to start growing again, is it really the industrial and market that's holding it back or what, any commentary there?
Andrew Silvernail: It is, right, so if you look at – if you separate out the life science piece which is performing, continues to perform well in the core life science market. You're now talking about the industrial and the semiconductor market and in both of those and either one of those had been particular strong. So -- and also to be fair to our team running the business there, we have been really tight on making sure that we're going after attractive business, and so part of it has been self-proposed to make sure that we're going after the right business there. But if you get an improvement in the industrial and the electronics world you will see some nice pickup.
Joe Radigan: Okay. And then maybe lastly Andy, as you look at acquisitions, how do you get comfortable with the forward projections in this sort of demand environment. Is that -- has that been an impediment in getting deals to the finish line? Or how do you think about that?
Andrew Silvernail: So, the way I kind of thing about is what's the business is going to look like through a cycle and you'll never buy perfectly, right, but what you're trying to avoid is buying something that's going to have kind of really aggressive secular downturn number one, or something we are really buying on the comp. And those are the two situations that you get yourself into trouble in terms of kind of building in any type of -- from a growth perspective. Generally, we're looking at businesses. I'll use Alfa as an example, right, so, Alfa is a business with 30 plus year still based. You can kind of look at it through a cycle and even if you don't buy it perfectly, buy it from a perfect time in the cycle, by the time you get on the back half of any kind of slowdown you're still thrilled, you own the business. So, you have high cash on cash returns, high cash flow businesses. You know what a cycle generally is going to look like. You may not pick it perfectly, but if you're buying and what I call an IDEX like business you don't have to time the market perfectly or get the price exactly right to having be a huge winner for you over time. And so, we're more looking for a quality of the business to recycle, high cash on cash returns in a business, strong repeat business installed based, a big mode defensibility and high relative market share. When you get that right, timing becomes lesser than issue than one might think.
Joe Radigan: Got it. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Bhupender Bohra at Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bhupender Bohra: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Bhupender Bohra: You guys actually spoke about industrial distribution business kind of weakness what we have seen here. Could you talk about like destocking, is that one of the issues within that the end market. And how long do you think if you have availability on that like the destocking or the slowdown within the distribution channel will last?
Andrew Silvernail: So, as we've said in the past unlike I think some of our peers, we don't have kind of what I would call a traditional industrial distribution channel. So we're not dealing with the big catalogue houses per say. We're dealing much more with value added distributors. So, we don't have huge stocking levels in the channel anyway. You have some obviously that's driving a lead time, and on time delivery, but you don't have months, and months and months of stocking in the channel. So, while I'm sure that is part it. I'm sure, part of what we're experiencing right now and others are experiencing has to do with them being tighter. I do think that you're seeing overall demand slaking. And then inventory in the end market I think it's tightening substantially. So, if you want to put destocking moniker or something, I would say its more at the end user who's gotten cautious. You have seen the repel effects just like we are, right, we're tightening down and working capital has been just slowing and you're seeing that play out across the landscape. And I do expect that to be tightened. And just like we've seen in the past when that starts to loosen again, you'll see a nice pop and that would be surprising upside in the quarter at some point. But right now I really that what we're all seeing is mostly a slowing of aggregate demand with a little bit of impact of the concept of destocking.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay. Thanks a lot. And the other question, we have about $8 million to $10 million restructuring this year. Let's say, I don't know how much visibility we have for 2016, but can we actually if need be, if the environment actually slows down further and as we are looking at North America which is half of your business, seeing some slowdown here, again this morning like there were many other reports which came out talking about the weaken in the North America market, like what kind of cost cuts we can further kind of depend or kind of tap into some of the buckets that we can talk about?
Andrew Silvernail: Bhupender, rest assured that if we continue to see the market downturn, we'll continue drive this types of savings that we need. I think you've seen that overtime with IDEX and know this. It's built into the way that we think about reacting to positions in terms of where we say cost structure wise. But also know that we do have areas that we need to continue to invest and we're not starving those parts of the business. It's important for the types of businesses that we have or we get spec [ph] on to platforms and instruments and so forth that we continue to invest, not miss those cycles. So, now the balancing act as always is to continue to make sure we free up the dollars to invest in the growth areas and the areas that are more strategic and require incremental investments and then go after the areas that tend to be more volume based and see as we do have pockets that we go after maybe.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay.
Andrew Silvernail: We feel pretty good about the actions we have relative to our assumptions set for 2016 and we quantify some of that in the January call.
Bhupender Bohra: Okay. That's all. Thank you very much.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Joe Giordano at Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Giordano: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Just a follow-on with the destocking question and I fully understand, I appreciate what you said about where you guys fall within that, but can you get the sense that your customers are more – are they destocking in an anticipatory fashion like more so than actual demand might require this time or they kind of anticipating even further declines from here? Do you get that feel?
Andrew Silvernail: It's hard to get that. Obviously, we're pretty close to our customers. I think cautiousness is out there across the board, and so there probably is some of that – probably the best way to think of it is look at ourselves, right and how we're behaving. And as we see in this environment we are tightening down our overall inventory and being more cautious about what we bring in and what goes out. So I think there is a level of cautiousness out there. They can start to feed on itself a little bit. But to be candid, Joe, I don't think I have tight enough bead to be able to call that exactly what's the mix of actual demand versus cautiousness. I mean, typically as we always see people react too slowly at first and too quickly at the end. It is always a mix of that. But I think right now I think we got a pretty good bead on certainly what the fourth quarter looks like and I think that next year is going to be a pretty slow growth environment.
Joe Giordano: Great. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville at Alembic Global Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Couple of questions. First, just in terms of the global chemical market, it's not an inconsequential end market for you guys. It's about 20% or so FMT. Can you give a little more specificity regionally what you're seeing there and I guess again high level, I get it how you're thinking about that for 2016 and then I also have a follow-up?
Andrew Silvernail: So, Matt, what we're seeing in North America and in Europe is I'm going to call it a low single-digit growth environment, and so its holding up pretty well. China has been a little bit better, but I think that's driven more by our own actions particular with the Richter brand than it is necessarily what we're seeing in end markets. And India has been pretty good for us too. So, really across the board in the markets that we play in chemical has been – I'm going to call it good new story in a slow growth world. So it's not like its racing ahead, but it's been solid. And I expect that to continue into 2016. If you look at the business in terms of the pipeline what we're looking at, our expectations coming out of our unit, I think expecting a low single digit environment 2% to 3% is probably a good place to put your bets.
Matt Summerville: And then with respect to China, since you specifically brought it up talking about chemical. When you came in to 2015 what did you expect your organic growth rate to be in China and where do you actually think it ends up for the year?
Andrew Silvernail: Are you talking about chemical or you talking about China in total? 
Matt Summerville: Total IDEX, China?
Andrew Silvernail: Okay. So total IDEX China. So, we expect it kind of mid single-digit growth China for the year. And remember that said, China is low – it's kind of a 5%, 6%, 7% of our total business, so doesn't necessarily move the needle in total at that level. And we've been plus or minus in that area. We have not been particularly disappointed nor are we overall pleased. So it's about at our expectation so far this year.
Matt Summerville: And then just one last one with respect to oil and gas, and if you look across all the businesses that get impacted whether they been an FMT, HST or FSD. If you look at that 11% to 12% of total revenue that's in oil and gas, you mentioned that you're going to be relatively flat for the full year. Can you bracket that a little bit upstream is going to down X percent, mid and down are going to be up X percent if that be the case, just a little more granularity there, please? Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: I'm going to spit-balling a little bit here Matt, so don't take this as gospel. But I know well exactly what's going on across our portfolio if you look at the upstream piece. Again, that was kind of 3% of our total business coming into the year, its more like 2% of our total business as we exit the year, so you're talking that's down a third. You think that are upstream. The midstream is going to be decent. So we don't play a lot as you get towards the pump so to speak, we don't play a lot there. But in the midstream which is a bulk of our business, that's going to be kind of flattish with our aero business being strong and our mobile business, it was actually strong in the first half of the year and its going to soften here in the second half of the year particularly as we look at truck built. So you know that net-net that probably ends up being flat for the year.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thanks a lot guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Konigsberg at Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Konigsberg: Close enough. Thanks, good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Brian Konigsberg: Hey I just wanted to touch, just a little bit more on price cost and maybe I just read a little bit too much into it, but I guess I’m used to you guys getting a little bit of net price maybe about 50 basis points net of inflation. It sounds like you are saying that’s kind of more flattish now, I mean is that -- has that deteriorated a little bit or is it just where we are describing it?
Andrew Silvernail: No I’m sorry if you are confused by that at all, if we didn’t communicate that well. No we’ll get -- we’ll get a point of price and we’ll certainly get our typical you know half of that net of inflation. So, when it’s all said and done it will be margin accretive to us for the year.
Brian Konigsberg: Okay, so about 50 basis points for the year is still the expectation there.
Andrew Silvernail: That’s right. And that net of material inflation.
Brian Konigsberg: Net of material and bureaucratic inflation?
Andrew Silvernail: You see…no net of material inflation is how we think about.
Brian Konigsberg: Okay, net of materials. Got it. And then just secondly, just on working capital so there’s just been some discussion about on the energy side which may not affect you as much as some tightening in collecting receivables just with the industrial environment the way it is and are you guys seeing any stress kind of collections within the custom base that might pose a challenge in working capital?
Andrew Silvernail: We have and now we have a pretty conservative approach to places of the world that we tend to have in terms of more receivable risk in the emerging markets where we tend to do things on letter of credit or cash advance. But in the more mature markets where credit terms are issued we have not seen any degradation there. You have to remember we are dealing a lot times with people there, larger customers and people that we’ve done business with for many years.
Brian Konigsberg: Got it. Great, that’s it from me. Thanks.
Andrew Silvernail: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions in the audio portion of this conference. With that being said, I would like to turn the call back over to Andy Silvernail for closing remarks.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks Tim, I appreciate it. And you know once again I thank everybody for participating in this call and certainly for you know the support and the interest in IDEX. You know obviously we are facing a world that’s challenging. It’s -- we’ve got some headwinds here and we expect that those are continuing in the balance of the year and into 2016 but across the board I am very pleased with how we are executing and really focussing on where we are going to put our resources in terms of organic growth and margin expansion and on the M&A front. So I appreciate it once again and we’ll talk to you here in 90 days. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Yates - IDEX Corp. Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp. Heath A. Mitts - IDEX Corp.
Analysts: Nathan H. Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Joe K. Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners LLC Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC Joseph C. Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC Bhupender Singh Bohra - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you, Mr. Yates. You may now begin.
Michael J. Yates - IDEX Corp.: Great. Thank you, Shaye. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX second quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending June 30, 2015. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Andy providing an overview of the second quarter financial results, and then he will provide an update on what we're seeing in the world and discuss our capital deployment. He will then walk you through our operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the third quarter and the full year 2015. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering the conference ID number 13598713, or you may simply log on to our company's homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, just a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release, and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody, and I appreciate you being here for – to discuss our second quarter call. As we sit and look at the global economy and really, the end markets, that's the story for 2015. It has been the story, and it will be the story for the balance of the year. When we closed the first quarter, we talked an awful lot about what was going on with the strength of the dollar, the decline in oil and gas, and some challenging overall conditions. And in the second quarter, that certainly continued. Ag has weighed on on our overall results along with oil and gas. And in the early part of the second quarter, we saw some slowing in the North American industrial side, specifically in distribution. But on the other hand, we had pretty strong results coming out of Scientific Fluidics and our Sealing businesses within Health & Science. So the markets and the regions are what I would call a mixed bag right now, but our teams are executing very well. We had really nice performance in operating margins, EPS, and cash flow. And additionally, we closed three acquisitions in the last 60 days and retired some European debt that had matured in June. So for the second quarter, we had EPS of $0.89. It was $0.01 over last year. Cash flow was strong at $86 million or 124% of net income. Operating margin was an impressive 21.3%, up 80 basis points from last year. Organic sales and operating margins in HST were up 4% and 280 basis points, respectively. Very, very nice job by the teams. We also had a 170-basis point increase in Fire & Safety/Diversified in the op margin, and we (3:58-3:59) acquisitions of Novotema, Alfa Valvole, and CiDRA for just about $200 million. And then finally, as I mentioned, we did retire €81 million of European private placement debt that had matured in June. So, the way I'd sum it up is a tough overall market with really outstanding execution by our teams in controlling our own destiny. As we look at the rest of this year as the second half of 2015, I think we're going to see more of the same. With that, we have made the decision to continue to simplify our operating structure, and we are going to do some restructuring here in the back half of the year. We'll spend somewhere around $8 million or so, and that payback will generally be less than a year. So we should have nice benefit for that as we exit this year and enter into 2016. And I would say we have had a little bit of momentum here, positive momentum in the back part of June and in the early part of July. The industrial businesses that had slowed down, we did see a tick up in the back half of June and the first couple weeks of July. So overall, I'm confident that we can deliver in the back half for our customers and certainly for you, our shareholders. And we're going to hold our EPS guidance at $3.50 to $3.60 for the year. And in just a few minutes, I'll take some time and then talk about the results and our expectations for the year, but did want to take a moment and just talk about the appointment of Eric Ashleman to Chief Operating Officer, the announcement that we had last week. I think that this is an important inflection point for IDEX. For the past four years, we've invested very heavily in what I would call the foundational elements of the company. The vision, strategy, our capital deployment philosophy, culture teams, and importantly, the IDEX operating model, and this is absolutely the right thing to do and the right time to do it. And we've driven outstanding performance for our shareholders, we've built our internal capabilities, and we've really put the foundation in place for accelerated growth. And I think that that foundation is very sturdy, and we're preparing ourselves for a new phase of growth. Eric and I have worked together closely since when I joined the business here in January of 2009. He's proven to be really, an outstanding executive, he's delivered great performance, he's built strong teams, and he's led virtually all of our organic initiatives, including our efforts around diversity and inclusion. And he'll do a great job continuing to strengthen the foundation of IDEX and driving overall performance. Importantly, Eric's promotion allows me to invest more time in the key areas of growth for the company, whether it's globalization, larger organic investments, or acquisitions, I'm going to have more time. And historically, these elements have been a very important component to the IDEX success story. We've been a public company now for 27 years. And in those 27 years, we've had compound top line growth of over 11% per year. That's a pretty high bar that's been set by my predecessors, and if we're going to achieve that kind of performance, if we're going to step up to those kind of expectations, I need to put more time into the faster pieces of growth for the business, and this organizational change will really give me the capacity to do that. So I'm excited to work with Eric as a partner on the operating side of the business, and really prepare ourselves for the next phase of growth. And I want to congratulate Eric, once again, for his appointment. With that, let me pivot over and talk about what we're seeing around the world. So, in North America, as we talked about before, energy and Ag, they continue to be pretty challenging, and I don't expect any change in 2015. The distribution businesses had slowed in the first part of the quarter. The book-and-term business had been relatively soft. And we did, as we mentioned before, see an uptick in the back half of June into July in North America. In Europe, Europe's been a good story for us, or at least on a relative basis compared to our expectations coming into the year. The business has been stronger than we anticipated, particularly in Water, Rescue, and Dispensing. And we have actually seen some upside in some larger project business on the energy side in Western Europe in particular, and a little bit in the Middle East. That is offset by the weakness that we're seeing in Eastern Europe and in Russia with the turmoil in that region. China continues to be soft. If I look at the broader Asia-Pacific area, that's actually been decent for us, but China in particular, continues to be a little bit of a challenge. And although we have seen a pick-up, a little bit of a pick-up on the municipal side of the business in China, we remain cautious just with, kind of everything that's going on in that region. Let me take a few minutes now and talk about capital deployment. I think this is a great story here in 2015 and obviously, it's going to be a big piece of our story going forward. So, we've laid out four strategies for capital deployment that we've talked about over and over again. And those are fully funding organic growth, paying a consistent dividend, smart share repurchases, and strategic M&A. And I'll touch on each of those here for just a moment. On the organic growth side, even though markets in the global economy are a challenge for us, we're going to continue to invest. And we're going to invest $45 million in capital spending. That continues to be at record levels for us. We're going to invest in people. We're going to invest in channels. We're going to invest in technology and new products, and we have consistently done that. And I know it will pay dividends for us. It has consistently in the past, and I'm certain it will as we move forward. In the second quarter, we also had a $0.32 per share dividend. We repurchased 661,000 shares for about $51 million, and we believe we'll have about a 2% net reduction in our share base for the year. On the M&A side, over the last 60 days, we've put $200 million to work in in three different acquisitions, and they fit into three different businesses within IDEX, which makes integration substantially more simple. We had Novotema that we talked about last quarter, that will be a part of our Ceiling Group. Alfa Valvole is a manufacturer of specialty valves that will fit right into FMT nicely. And then, CiDRA Precision Services, they design and product microfluidic components, which is a really important strategic piece of the puzzle for our Scientific Fluidics business, and they're going to be wonderful addition. And really, all three businesses, we're thrilled to have them as part of IDEX and welcome them into really, a great company. If you look at our funnel, as we look forward, our funnel continues to be solid for M&A, and through the back half of this year as we look into 2016, and certainly, our goal of continuing to intelligently deploy our capital in acquisitions that fit our strategy is very much intact. All right. With that, let's go over to the results. I'm on Slide four. So orders for the quarter were $505 million. That was down 8% in total, down 4% organically. And we had revenues of $515 million, which was down 6%, down 2% organically. And what I would say there is, that's a very typical second quarter for us, so that book-to-bill of 0.98 so to speak is – that's a pretty normal flow of business for us. So certainly, not a concern that we brought down $10 million of backlog. That's very typical. As I mentioned before, operating margin, very strong at 21.3%, up 80 basis points. And, as I think about sales and orders, it's pretty much what we expected. A little bit weaker in energy and Ag in the U.S., a little stronger in Europe. So net-net, we are performing where we thought we would, with a little bit better operating performance or execution performance at the bottom line. Free cash flow, as I mentioned, was $86 million. We converted at 124% of net income. And EPS was $0.89, up $0.01 from last year. Okay. Let's move on to the segment discussions, I'm on Slide five, and we'll start with Fluid & Metering. So FMT closed out the quarter, they had 3% decrease in organic orders, 2% down organic sales. End market conditions are what I talked about for the most part there, really unchanged from last quarter. The industrial side, as I mentioned before, we saw some slippage in the early part of the quarter, seeing some pickup here in the latter part into July, mostly around distribution, and what we thought – what we think we saw early in the quarter with some destocking. It's not a huge number, but the flow of orders certainly was, it was a little bit atypical early in the quarter, and we saw it catch up here. And we did, of course, add Alfa Valvole into our severe duty valve products, and that's a nice combination with Richter and with Aegis as part of that overall portfolio. Water services has been a very good story here this year. Demand in the U.S. and the UK has been solid with municipal spending up, and we've also seen really nice wins from new products in that areas and excellent execution, and we have confidence in a nice second half there. Energy, we've talked about this, with the slowdown. We have seen some slowdown in our mobile area which is around trucks, so – which is – in the midstream. That did slow down a little bit in the second quarter. That was offset with strength in transportation. And we saw some surprising strength in Western Europe and the Middle East in energy, but certainly, as we look across the world, we still could see that as a challenge here for the balance of the year. And Ag, we've talked about, farm incomes down substantially. We know what the inventory looks like in the channels, and so, we know we're going to continue to have some challenges here in the back half of the year and into the first part of 2016. But that's just a great business that we're going to continue to invest in, and – it has been and will continue to be a winner for us long-term. And, let's turn to Slide six here, and go on to Health & Science. Organic orders were down 4% while our organic sales were up 4%. And we had, as I mentioned before, just really outstanding margin performance, up 280 basis points, very, very good mix, and in even better productivity gains in those businesses. If you look at Scientific Fluidics, it's really firing on all cylinders – Analytical Instrumentation, the bio world, in vitro diagnostics, all of them had good demand for the second quarter in a row. The teams have done a terrific job with execution and new product development. So we see tailwinds in the back half of the year, and of course, the addition of CiDRA into that business, and building a microfluidics vertical for them is going to be an important part to their overall strategy. If you look at Sealing, Sealing was strong also in the U.S. and in Europe, driven really by performance in the semiconductor market. It was offset a little bit by oil and gas and heavy equipment, but net-net, had a strong second quarter. And of course, we closed the Novotema acquisition, which is a terrific combination with our PPE business out in the UK. Optics & Photonics remained stable in the quarter. End markets are holding steady with strength in life sciences, and the profitability improvement there has been impressive, and really, has come to the point where it's a terrific profit producer for the company. HST in industrial, so as you know, we have some businesses in this segment that are industrial-facing. Those had dynamics that look more like FMT, so weakness early in the quarter, improvement towards the end of the quarter. And I think just overall, great profit performance in those businesses, great use of capital. And it's really about the back half of the year trying to grow those businesses at a faster rate than the overall economy. And then finally, Material Process Technologies, as you know, that's a little bit more lumpy for us. It had a good quarter, had good organic sales performance, but we can see the pipeline of orders, and so we know that the second half is going to be a little bit more of a challenge for us. But they'll continue to execute well. All right. I'm on our last segment, Diversified. I'm on Slide 7. Organic orders were down 7%, organic sales were down 11%. And as you know, the second quarter is really where we had the last and the large projects from last year, so as you move into the latter half of the year, the comps become a little bit more normalized. But certainly, in the second quarter, we had that, with both trailers and the large Dispensing orders that we had in 2014. Impressively, margins, even with that kind of top line performance, margins were up 170 basis points from really, outstanding productivity gains and favorable product mix. As you know, of our segments, Diversified is the one that can have the most product mix, whether it's in businesses or across businesses within a segment, and we certainly saw that in the second quarter. Dispensing is growing in all geographies. They had a tough sales comp. If you back out the large projects, they had, which made for tough comps. On the base business, they continue to grow across the board. Now Western Europe has been solid for us, Eastern Europe softer, again due to the issues with instability in the region. But we saw Asia very strong. X-Smart continues to be a strong product release for us. And the U.S. continues to be solid. In Fire, the North American and the UK pump business are – really have no indications of softness. We've seen strength through the first half of the year, and expect it to be good in the second half. Now, we do have the – if you remember last year, we had a strong business in trailers, nuclear trailers going into the nuclear industry last year. We are annualizing that. That bubble, so to speak, has moved through. It's still a nice business for us, but it's going to be a little bit smaller chunk of business going forward as we expected it would be. Rescue, like Dispensing, we've seen nice momentum in Western Europe, and – but we have seen weakness in China and real strength in the U.S. Our eDRAULIC products have been very strong in the U.S. in particular, and so we continue to ride that strong new product. And finally, BAND-IT, BAND-IT has consistently been a great company for IDEX. They have been hit by the impact of oil and gas, but they had real strength in transportation, so it's kind of a mixed bag at BAND-IT. But again, like Ag, a business that's been a real workhorse for us and will continue to be as we go forward. All right, with that, I'm on our last slide, Slide 8, and let me give you some color here on what we think is going to happen in the third quarter, and some guidance for the balance of the year. In Q3, EPS we expect to be $0.88 to $0.90. Operating margin of just around 21%. We think our tax rate will be 29% to 29.5% and we're going to have about a 5% headwind in FX for the third quarter, and that's about 5% of EPS in the third quarter versus – excuse me, $0.05 of EPS for a headwind versus last year. We are again, reiterating our guidance for the full year. We're going to hold it at $3.50 to $3.60. We expect organic revenue to be flat. That's modestly down from our last expectation, and we think that overall operating margin will be just about 21%. Here are a few other items for you for the full year. Total top line impact from FX will be about $95 million. That compares to about $110 million that we talked about last quarter, and all up, that's about a $0.20 headwind to EPS for the full year. Full year CapEx, as I mentioned earlier, will be about $45 million, free cash flow should be about 120% of net income, and we think share repurchases will be just about net 2% of our share base for the year, so we'll reduce it by 2% for the year. Finally, as always, our earnings and our guidance did not include the future of potential acquisitions or the costs associated with acquisitions, or the cost of the restructuring that I mentioned earlier. With that, operator, I'm going to stop here and open it up to questions.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Nathan Jones from Stifel.
Nathan H. Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Morning, Nathan.
Nathan H. Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'd just like to start – we're trying to get a better handle on those margins in FSD. I remember last year as the Dispensing order was going through, we were talking about how you don't expect these kind of margins. This is a 25% margin business. You talk about mix in there, but I would have thought that the mix might have actually been negative, given BAND-IT is probably the highest margin business in there. Might be a bit challenged, and yet, we're throwing up 28% margins in that segment. So if you could just help me understand how we're getting a 28% margin. Have we reset kind of the expectation here, or is this more of a one-off?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I think this has been – this was an extraordinary quarter from a profitability standpoint. And the mix certainly did help us substantially. So, you got a few things that are happening here around mix. So the Trailer business from last year, which was a big chunk of revenue, was at a relatively low margin on a comparative basis. And so, so that not being part of it, Nathan, is certainly a piece of the story there. You've got Fire that's in there that really, that's a business. You go back to time, right? You go back in time and that's a business that was a low-teens op margin business, and it's now kind of a low 20%s, mid-20%s op margin business. So from that perspective, you have had a little bit of a reset there. And even within businesses, so if you go within BAND-IT, as an example, the products that were softer within BAND-IT for the quarter were the lower margin products, and the products that were stronger were higher margin. Same story within Rescue. So, it was both across businesses and within businesses that we had a pretty unusual product mix in the quarter. So, while I do think there is a modest reset, meaning higher overall margins for FSD, this really was a pretty unusual mix quarter. So, if we're looking at a 26% or so next quarter or so, wouldn't surprise me. But I don't think we're going to be at this level. That would be too ambitious.
Nathan H. Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So how much of the mix do you think is just, I guess luck (23:21) kind of stuff versus the markets that we might be entrenched in for a longer period of time like – is it a BAND-IT selling into oil and gas, these lower margins so you would expect that kind of mix to continue and stuff like that?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. Again, it's – we don't – mix, typically is not a big piece of the overall IDEX story, but I do think that what we experienced here in the quarter was pretty unusual within Dispensing so – excuse me, within Diversified. So it's going to move around, Nathan, it's going to move around more than the rest of the company. Again, I would not take this as the new bar for Diversified.
Nathan H. Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Fair enough. And then, if we could just go back to the North American industrial, particularly the stuff through distribution, I think a lot of companies are talking about fairly significant destocking that they saw in the second quarter. It sounds like you saw some, but maybe it was a little bit. You talked about second half of June getting better into July getting better. Did we dip down and come back to where we were before, or did we dip down and come halfway back, or dip down and go above where we were before? Just a little color on what you're seeing in the – for actual end market demand, if we could kind of X down destocking.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. So what I would say is what we saw – we definitely saw a slowdown in April, right? So we saw a slowdown in April. May was a sharp drop, and I'm really talking about FMT here. It was a pretty sharp drop coming out of distribution. And then, June as a total snapped back above the April levels, and I'm talking about orders here, snapped back above the April levels, really driven by the last two weeks, three weeks of that month. And then, July has kind of evened off to be consistent with where we thought it would be. So what I would say is, the level that we're running at now is more consistent with our total outlook, where May was where we saw significant destocking happen, and I'd say we're kind of back at run rates now.
Nathan H. Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Radigan from KeyBanc.
Joe K. Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys. Andy, on the slowdown in industrial North America, maybe outside of the distribution business, have you seen anything that would suggest maybe more broad base than some of the businesses that have second-derivative energy or close energy exposure?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. To some degree. So if you remember from the first quarter, we called out that we had seen CapEx generally come down versus our expectations. And – but what had happened in the first quarter is we saw the – about the larger stuff that we don't do a lot of, but we do some of it, had – we certainly saw a slowdown. But the book-and-term business had held up really nicely. The difference in the second quarter was that we really saw that book-and-term business slow down in April and May. That was the difference in comeback. I do think that overall, the industrial – industrial America is weaker today than it certainly was six months, nine months, 12 months ago, and I'm really talking about from an overall growth perspective. And I think certainly, oil and gas, the reverberations from oil and gas is touching the other industries, how our CapEx touches other industries. The thing that hasn't happened yet – if you remember, we talked about this at the yearend call, and we also talked about it at the first quarter call, it can take easily a year for the spending that gets driven by – into other parts of the economy to feed itself back through, so we knew there would be a lull. We knew there would be a lull, and if you expect – depending upon what your view is whether or not overall spending is going to make its way back to the industrial economy is kind of how you think about growth, I think starting in 2016. So I think the rate – the levels that we're at now, we should expect through the back end of the year. I don't see a stimulant in particular, on the upside. And so, I think we're running them – we're managing the business based on the kind of demand patterns we're seeing right now.
Joe K. Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then on the third quarter guidance, what sort of organic growth do you expect? I don't think you gave that. If you did, I apologize. Is it – I mean, you have a tough comp there. I think it was plus 8% a year ago, so do you expect another organic decline in the third quarter and then a rebound in the fourth quarter to get you flat for the year, or how do you see that trajectory playing out?
Heath A. Mitts - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. Hey Joe, this is Heath. We did not guide it, but we would expect it to come in kind of flattish organic.
Joe K. Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Heath. And then maybe lastly, on naming Eric COO, does that change at all your willingness or your ability to look at maybe a larger acquisition or maybe your comfort level about doing a more complex integration or more of a fixer-upper than what IDEX typically has, or is this more just to free you up to do more strategic-type things?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I don't think philosophically, it changes our approach to M&A. We've always looked at a combination of bigger and smaller things. But something big has got to just make – it's got to be a slam dunk from a strategic and a financial perspective to risk the quality of a business that we have today. And so, we've always looked at those things, but almost always with a pretty skeptical eye generally. So I don't think it philosophically changes our approach to M&A. It does liberate me personally from a time perspective. Eric and I, we've been working together since Day One when I joined the company. We've got a great rhythm together. He's a terrific operator. And it absolutely gives me more capacity from an M&A perspective. And when we contemplated doing this, kind of in line with our annual strategic planning process, it was all about our confidence level in the quality of our business today and the foundation that we have, and the fact that we think we're ready to accelerate growth.
Joe K. Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks, Andy. Thanks, Heath.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yep. Take care, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Konigsberg from Vertical Research Partners.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hi. Good morning.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Maybe just hitting a little bit more on FMT and the commentary around energy. So, North America, you saw a little bit of that weakness start creeping in, but you're still seeing pretty solid Europe and Middle East. Maybe you could comment what type of projects are those and the confidence that those could remain on track and within the funnel.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: So I would say the surprise for us was really around some larger skid projects that we've seen in the Middle East coming out of some businesses that we have in the combination of Germany and Italy. And so – don't get me wrong, they have not been huge projects, but there has been a dearth of projects in that region here for – gosh, I don't want to say, 18 months now. And so, seeing that pick back up – and the team had expected that to pick back up in the back part of this year. So I don't want to overplay that. I don't think it's some giant rebound, but it was good news generally, and so we feel pretty good about that. On the U.S. side, the thing that was softer is the truck builds, from a mobile perspective, have been pretty strong, and we have definitely benefited from that in the midstream. And we expect that to get softer – certainly as you go into 2016, all indicators are that the truck build is probably going to be negative next year, and so that piece of the business will get hit negatively. We expect that to happen. However, on the aerospace side of it, or the aviation side of it, rather, we expect that to be pretty strong.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah, and maybe just comment a little bit on pricing. Maybe both in the energy and I guess more broadly – you, traditionally, have been able to maintain a fairly positive spread. Is there any changes to that outlook, or you able to maintain the position you've had recently?
Heath A. Mitts - IDEX Corp.: This is Heath. We – our position going into the year has held true to this point, which is about, on a gross basis, about positive 1 point of price. We don't break that down by individual platforms within the business, externally anyway, but we've been pleased with our progress on price in terms of holding that to this point in the year. And we would expect to hold it through the remainder of the year.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And is that one point...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah I...
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners LLC: I'm sorry, go ahead, Andrew. I was just...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: When it – relative to, specifically into energy and are we seeing price pressures, like everybody, we've gotten the letters that say, we'd love to see you reduce your prices. The beauty of the typical positioning that we have in terms of it being very, very high cost of failure, critical componentry is, we really don't typically end up having to give that price up, and we haven't yet had to do that that we've seen.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got it. And that one point of price, Heath, is that net of inflation, or is that just gross?
Heath A. Mitts - IDEX Corp.: It's just gross. But given where inflationary pressures are this year, being lower than maybe historical norms, certainly the spread between what we see as inflation and what our gross price is has remained consistent with what we've seen in prior years.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners LLC: If I could sneak one more in. Just on M&A, Andrew, maybe just touch on, with going forward and the properties that you see on the market, do you anticipate you'll be sticking to the size range that we've seen most recently in kind of this anywhere between $50 million and a couple hundred million dollars, you see any opportunity maybe to go a bit larger? And maybe add on to that which parts of the business you're seeing the most opportunities?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: So, I think our sweet spot is definitely in this $50 million to $200 million range. $50 million is big enough to have competitive relative scale, and that's important to us. So that $50 million to $200 million is definitely our sweet spot. That said, like I mentioned a few moments ago, we're always looking at some bigger things. And we certainly have the capacity to do it. We have both the balance sheet and the cash flow to accelerate M&A. Our funnel is good. Most of what's in our funnel tends to look like the things we've just done, generally. There are a few things that are meaningfully bigger. But as I said earlier, we tend to have – we tend to go at things of – that are big with a very skeptical eye, and so we'll continue to do that. And you should expect to see us continue to have the same discipline we have had consistently. In terms of where we're seeing them, it's a mix. It's a mix between really, across our different businesses and I really – I like what our funnel looks like generally, and I like the fact that it's pretty diverse.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak-Cusic from Wells Fargo.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Hi, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just going back to energy for a second, obviously a lot of moving parts there, but are you getting a sense or at least some visibility towards where your bottom could be? Not that it's going to get better but with sort of a comfort level of volumes going forward?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. I actually think we're probably pretty close to that right now. As we do our quarterly operating reviews here within – usually within a couple weeks of the call. And what I would say is the team feels pretty good that as we go into the third quarter and the fourth quarter, that we're seeing a bottoming of that generally, and – which is good. That being said, what we're saying is manage really tight there just because you know how quickly things can move in that industry in terms of overall activity. So we're being cautious, but it does feel like we're closer to a bottom than certainly, I would have said 90 days ago.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No. That's great. And then, just going back to acquisitions. One, any change is given sort of the global macro-uncertainty, and maybe there's not in terms of potential opportunities here. And then second, just your – the thoughts behind managerial capacity, I mean, would you be adverse to doing another one, say in Scientific Fluidics, just because you did one recently? I mean, your thoughts on...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: No, I actually – one of the changes, or one of the really good things that comes out of this organizational change that we announced is that not only does it kind of free up more capacity on what I'll call the cultivation and – I'll call it the deal side of acquisitions, right? It also frees up quite a bit of capacity on the integration side. And so, I feel really good about, if I look at the team that's underneath there, so to speak, their ability to build across that organizational structure, that was a big piece of how we thought about this change is, can we integrate meaningfully? One of the nice parts about the structure of our business as you know, Allison, just because you know the structure better than most, is that it allows us to do multiple acquisitions without taxing any one leadership team too much. So, all three of the deals that have been done have been in different parts of the business, and certainly, it wouldn't make us nervous to do another deal, actually in any one part of the three parts. I would not be nervous from a managerial perspective to go and put another business, another valve business as an example. That would not – I would not shy away from that because I think we've got the managerial capacity to do it.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Douglass from Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen. Andy, looking again at FMT, you're down low-single digits with your exposure to energy (38:23) that doesn't seem too bad, actually. Can you explain how – is it new products, share gains, supporting the sales there? I know you said Water was pretty good and Europe okay...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: I would say it's actually it's three things in particular. So Water is a big piece of it, no doubt about it. The team there has performed really well, and the municipal markets are up. So that's been – that's a positive story. New products has also been a big piece of the story. So we were at the largest show here in Europe two weeks, three weeks ago, three weeks ago, I guess it was, and we had a handful of new products that were really different than what you saw through the rest of the industry. And so products that are definitely growing and taking some share. So that's a piece of it. And then, the other piece is, you go back over the last three years or four years and we said we were going to cut and build, we said we were going to move some cash from different parts of the organization and invest in growth, and I think that's what is a big piece of that story there. So, honestly, we hadn't really talked about that. We didn't put it into our script and talk about it because it's hard to talk about your growth initiatives when it's negative, but truth be told, the – we have had a lower impact to the overall conditions because of some of the organic investments that we've been making.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah. I think that's pretty clear. With MPT, you talked about a longer CapEx cycle businesses lagging. What longer-cycle types of businesses are we talking about?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. That's – it's one of our few business. We only have a few that are lumpy like that, where orders can be larger, number one, and number two, the lead times can be six months, nine months versus our typical days, or certainly within a quarter. And so, we – that lumpiness we can see, and we definitely look at the back half this year, we know kind of where things are, where order schedules are, so we know it's going to be softer in the back half.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: But what markets are we talking about?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Oh, I'm sorry. Food and Pharma.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Food and Pharma?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, Food and Pharma, principally. Sorry.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: That's fine. Is that just something unique to where you are within Food and Pharma? Because other companies shouldn't be saying that Food and Pharma investment is good, I mean...
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: No, it – Mark, it's not a demand issue, it's a lead time issue. Yeah, all right? So imagine, you guys, you got a big pharmaceutical facility or large food facility or major project. Those things have long lead times. Hence, they're ordering equipment six months, nine months in advance of shipment. And – so that's just a relatively unusual type of business for IDEX.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Sure, sure. Okay. Thanks for taking my question.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: You bet, Mark. Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Giordano from Cowen.
Joseph C. Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Just – we've talked about this a bit already, but just on the commentary about June picking up and July getting better, that does seem to be a bit of an outlier versus some of the other commentary we've heard. So, is there anything – you called out Water, is there anything particular where you think you're doing better than the actual market and this is kind of an IDEX story more than a market story?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah, so let me just be very, very clear. That improvement was from a really crappy May.
Joseph C. Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Sure.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: So, it's not like we're gangbusters, and so please, nobody take that away from that commentary. So really, what we saw was June overall being stronger than April and substantially up from May, and in the first part of July, holding that trend. So what I would say is, is May was very disappointing – April was disappointing, May was very disappointing, and I'm talking principally about FMT industrial side of things. And then June came back more in line with our expectations, and that's why we hold confidence in the balance of the year.
Joseph C. Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Wanted to talk about M&A a bit. You've been able to pull the trigger on a couple deals here, and that had been something that we'd been seeing a bit of a delay and then a disconnect between bid and ask, I guess. And so, maybe some comments on what allowed you to bridge that gap. Is it you guys stretching a bit more? Maybe private companies being able to come off a little bit with what their – a more normalized expectation maybe? And maybe comment broadly about what's – kind of how that movement's been happening now.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: The cultivation cycle in our business, you get out of auctions, right? You just kind of talk about private transactions. But the cultivation cycle is just really long. These are private companies, a founder has built it. Not only do you have kind of the typical deal process, but you also have all the things that are involved in, in a family or a private transition. And so, timing can just be – things can just take time, and we've been working on all three of these for quite some time and they finally broke. And obviously, we signaled that we thought that was going to happen, and they did finally break. So, we did not pay an excessive multiple for any one of them. We feel very, very good, it's kind of in the spot where we think we will have great returns, yet we pay a fair price, and this is – those are the kind of deals that we really want to do. The overall market, I don't think the market's changed, except for maybe it's just kind of funny July 4 happens, and all the deal books show up. You can't help it but just kind of laugh at that. But I'd say generally, overall market conditions are pretty similar. The one thing you are seeing is you're seeing conversations around the energy space. You're seeing deal conversations either developing quickly or falling apart quickly based on the businesses, their financials, right? So we were in conversations with a lot of these things, and you're seeing some financials significantly change. And so, you've just got to be really, really careful around that. I still think we're probably two quarters away from, I'll call it rational expectations around valuation in that space. And then, we'll see kind of how this year plays out and the first part of next year whether or not we're right.
Joseph C. Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. And then just one quick one on the guidance. You – your current guidance for the full year, that assumes no benefit from the three acquisitions, right?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. So Heath, do you want to talk about that?
Heath A. Mitts - IDEX Corp.: Sure. Yeah. Just given where the step-up, the purchase price accounting kicks in, in terms of the asset write-up, and then the associated bleed-off relative to what the operating results will be from those businesses, on a GAAP basis, it pretty well washes itself out. Obviously, on a cash basis, it kicks in right away because those step-up charges are all non-cash. But from a P&L – from a bottom line perspective on a GAAP basis, it's pretty well a wash through the end of the year (45:55)...
Joseph C. Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And you're going to present – you're going to – the way you're going present it, you're going to eat those costs, right?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Correct. Yeah. Well, we'll...
Joseph C. Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Okay.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: We'll get the P bit, (46:02) we'll eat the costs. They'll offset for the balance of this year.
Joseph C. Giordano - Cowen & Co. LLC: Sounds good. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bhupender Bohra from Jefferies.
Bhupender Singh Bohra - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Morning.
Bhupender Singh Bohra - Jefferies LLC: So, my question, actually again, on the guidance in the second half. If I – I mean, you have brought your core sales growth expectations kind of flat now, so if I look at the first half, it's about averaged down like 3%. So it kind of tells me like second half is going to be a little bit higher to kind of get to that flat here. Can you just comment on like where do you see that growth coming from, like on the core side?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Yeah. So the comps get – definitely get easier in the fourth quarter. And so, again, we're not seeing – we're not expecting a big acceleration of any kind on a sequential basis. The – as we said before, I think the third quarter is, call it zero to up 1%, plus or minus, and so we do expect that the fourth quarter will be a little bit better, but mostly off of some pretty easy comps relative to what we've seen the rest of this year.
Bhupender Singh Bohra - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And the second question on the new cost actions. If you can, just give more color. I believe you mentioned that the cost actions will not be more than $8 million. Now, can you give me – give us some big buckets where those cost actions would be?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Bhupender, they're relatively evenly spread across most of the businesses. Obviously, there's some volume-based adjustments, given the lower volumes in some of the more industrial exposed businesses, but they spread across all three of the reported segments. The cost, we're estimating not to exceed – the restructuring costs not to exceed $8 million. Those will have a benefit, an annualized benefit that's better than that, and we'll call out more specifically what that is, as we complete those actions.
Bhupender Singh Bohra - Jefferies LLC: But nothing is built in the second half for those cost-outs, right? Any savings?
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Not – nothing specifically, because the actions, most of which have already been announced internally, kind of stagger through to the end of the year.
Bhupender Singh Bohra - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Andrew Silvernail for closing comments.
Andrew K. Silvernail - IDEX Corp.: Well, thank you very much, and I appreciate everybody joining us today. As always, we appreciate your support as shareholders. We think in a pretty difficult environment, that our teams are executing well, and we continue to push forward and make sure we that we close out the year and deliver for you, our shareholders. So, thank you again, and we will talk to you here in 90 days. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Silvernail - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Heath Mitts - Chief Financial Officer Michael Yates - Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Matthew McConnell - RBC Capital Markets Scott Graham - Jefferies Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Advisors Joe Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Mark Douglass - Longbow Research Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets Joe Giordano - Cowen Group Inc
Operator: Greetings! And welcome to the First Quarter, 2015, IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you Mr. Yates; you may begin.
Michael Yates: Great. Thank you Adam. Good morning everyone. This is Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX first quarter financial highlights. Last night we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three month period ended March 31, 2015. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: We will begin with Andy providing an update on what we are seeing in the world and then he will review the first quarter financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the second quarter and the full year 2015. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number (877) 660-6853 and entering conference ID# 13598710 or you simply may log onto our company's homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike. Good morning everybody. I appreciate you joining us here for our first quarter call in 2015. As we look at the first quarter really the conversation has been dominated by some of the bigger issues that are floating around the macro environment. Obviously the strength of the dollar, the fall in oil prices and what I call a continuing overall slow economic environment.  With those items as a backdrop, I’m very proud of the quarter that we just delivered. We just delivered $0.84 in earnings, with an Op margin of 20.3%. We had 2% organic order growth and we built $22 million of backlog. We had organic sales and Op margin improvement include metering and in Health & Science we had organic order growth and really outstanding profit execution and improving operating margin.  As you know, we foresaw a lot of the issues that we are all living with right now last year. We took very aggressive cost actions in the back end of the year and certainly has prepared us for the environment that we are in and I think again our ability to get ahead of the curve with some challenging items.  We all know that we had these discreet comps that we are comparing against here this year with the Dispensing in particular and the macro environment that I just mentioned. But we did see some, I would say some decline here in the overall environment as we move to the second quarter and I’ll talk about this in more detail in the segment review. But the combination, the agricultural market thus being slower, the increasing impact of the dollar and while we’ve seen some slowdown and some large capital projects are going to hit us by about $0.15 compared to what we talked about here in fourth quarter and so we’ve revised our guidance to 350 to 360.  As always, we are very focused on controlling our own destiny. We can’t control the overall macro environment and what you’ll see in this quarter and what you’ll see for the balance of the year is outstanding execution on the profit side, with the real focus on our key products and our key customers. Our core business remains very solid and we are focused on delivering for our customers with real world-class execution and so as I walk through the items here in the first quarter call, we’ll certainly highlight those pieces of that.  Before we get into the segment discussion, let me just talk about what we are seeing around the world and also around capital deployment. In North America, as I mentioned the Ag markets and the energy markets as we all know have been soft. But that said, our daily book-and-term [ph] business remains solid and we expect it to be so throughout the year. The one thing that I do think is a little bit different than when we talked to you a year or quarter ago is that we have seen some slowdown on the capital side, capital spending and we are keeping a pretty close eye on that. It’s not widespread at this time. It’s really focused around our Material Process business and in the energy facing markets, but we are certainly paying attention to it.  Europe. Europe remains a touch slog generally, but we did see a modest pickup here, specifically in our business that touch the municipal markets and we saw that in China too. But we did see a slight uptick. I certainly wouldn’t call it sustained improved, but we did see a modest uptick.  China as I mentioned a moment ago, the reported numbers that we all see, they really don’t show themselves on the industrial side, with the exception on the municipal markets which have improved. The China markets really remain consistent with what we’ve seen here for the last year or so.  With that, let me turn to capital deployment. We have talked about a very balanced capital deployment plan with four pillars to our plan that remain unchanged. The first is we are always going to fully invest in organic growth and we continued to make meaningful investments around our core products and our core customers. I’ll touch on some of those as we move through the segment discussion and we do think that will continue to allow us to differentiate over time and continue to really go after the most attractive profit pools in our markets and our customers.  You saw on April 8 we increased our dividend by 14% at $0.32 a share. That we are committed to being in that 30% range and we are a little bit higher than we have historically been right now. But with our outstanding cash flows and our great balance sheet, we thought that was a prudent move.  In terms of share repurchases, we would expect it will be kind of net 2%, 3% this year as we move through the year and in the first quarter we repurchased 830,000 shares at a cost of $62 million.  The final pillar to our capital deployment plan is strategic M&A, and this continues to be a very important part of our overall capital deployment strategy and our business strategy. And you saw yesterday that we signed the agreement to acquire Novotema. We’ve been talking to Novotema for over a year. As a matter of fact we’ve looked at this business a couple of times over time and we finally were able to get an agreement signed. We expect it will close in the neighborhood of 45 days pending regulatory approval.  This is an outstanding business. It fits squarely within our precision sealing platform. It marries the materials capability of PPE with some really outstanding manufacturing capability within Novotema and as a matter of fact we had been in partnership with them touching a number of end markets before we agreed to acquire the business. We are going to pay 57 million Euro. It’s about 30 million Euro in sales. Highly profitable and after the impact of typical acquisition related costs it will be accretive out of the gates. Please keep in mind that our guidance for the balance of the year does not include any of the costs for the benefits of Novotema.  As you look at the rest of our M&A pipeline, it really is quite strong and I wouldn’t say it’s any change necessarily in the markets, but a lot of the hard work we’ve been doing here for a long time is coming forward. And as I talked about in the last call, we expect to spend north of $250 million this year and we remain committed to that vote.  With that, let’s move to slide four and we’ll talk about the overall financial performance. Orders were $524 million that was down 2%, but it was up 2% organically and we had improvement in all three segments. We had revenue of $502 million, which was down 8%, down 4% organically and we had Op margins that were down 60 basis points to 20.3%.  Obviously we’ve been talking for a long time about how the first quarter would shape up and the fact there was a very difficult comp. As you know, we had the majority of that large Dispensing order fulfilled in the first quarter of last year and so that makes certainly for very difficult sales comps, but also margin comps, because as you can imagine that flows through at a nice profit level.  Cash flow for the quarter was $43 million. That was down $14 million from last year, but it really is impacted by principally a retirement or assuming a pension payment that typically falls in the second quarter and it happened to fall in the first quarter this year. So, on an operational basis very much in line with our expectations. And finally, EPS for the quarter was $0.84 and that was down 8% compared to last year.  With that, let’s turn to the segment discussion. I’m on slide five and we’ll start with the Fluid & Metering. So FMT closed the quarter at a 1% increase in organic orders and a 1% increase in organic sales. They improved Op margin by 30 basis points. Again, just really good execution across the board and the impact of the restructuring actions that we took in the balance of last year. The chemical markets, the petro chemical and the chemical markets remained consistently strong in Europe and North America. We are optimistic throughout this year. We see through our distribution and through the pipeline of business that should remain solid for us through the balance of 2015.  In particular Viking has just done a great job. The team of Viking in terms of sales, profit execution, customer intimacy, they really have been nailing it here for quite some time and did so again here in the first quarter.  Water services; again, I mentioned the improvement in the municipal business really globally and we are seeing that in water services. But on a discreet basis, the ROVION system that we launched in our iPEK business has been a real winner for us and a great example of our investments in organic growth and they’ve taken nice chunks of market share and really shows what you do when you focus on driving great products.  Energy, our midstream business is pretty good for a book and term basis. It’s really that the large capital stuff is closer to the well head that has been down really on a global basis and that’s going to be throughout the balance of this year. Not a surprise to us and that team is certainly managing their business for that new demand pattern.  Finally Ag. I would say this is one place that did surprise us a little bit in the first. We knew that the Ag market was soft, we had been preparing for that. But we did see even a more rapid decline in the OEM Ag business than we had expected.  The overall distribution business and the industrial business remains good, and I think it’s important to remember that Banjo has just been a great performer for us for years. It’s a terrific business, highly profitable and they will manage their way through what we all expected and certainly will turn at some point here, but it will be a challenge for the balance of the year.  With that, let’s go to slide six on Health & Science. We had 2% organic order growth in the quarter. Organic sales were flat, but really just outstanding profit expedition. Up 150 basis points improvements in productivity, a great job of really going after the most attractive profit pools with new products and also the benefits of the restructuring that we went after last year.  Scientific Fluidics, in particular the analytical instrumentation market remains good and we expect it to be so for the balance of year. They came into the year with a nice backlog and they go into the second quarter again in a nice position.  Optics & Photonics remain stable. Terrific profit execution as we talked about it in the last quarter. This business is now from a profitability stand point where we expected it to be and demand remains stable. Industrial, the book and termbusiness is good, so the more industrial facing pieces of HST remains pretty good and we expect it will be for the balance of the year.  The concerning spot for us is really metrical process technologies. As you know, this is a longer cycle business, more exposed to capital projects and we did see a weak quarter in orders and sales and given our visibility, we know how that will play out through the balance of the year in terms of overall sales, and so we have a pretty good mark on what that will weigh in for the year.  Let’s go to our last segment, that’s Diversified, I’m on slide seven. So organic orders were up 2% and as you all know, we expected a substantial headwind on the sales front which is down 16% organically. And of course that flows itself through as it impacts the margin for that large dispending order, so Op margins were down 340 basis points, but down from a really incredible level last year, so we are still north of 25% in that business.  So we’ve talked a lot about the large dispensing order, don’t need to go through that again, but as you look past that, you see continuing, really a strong business profile there. Europe has gotten better in the dispensing business, and the X marked product that we launched here a couple of years ago continues to really be a juggernaut for us. It’s been a great new product and like the ROVION, a great example of investing in core products for businesses, markets that we know well and great execution.  Fire suppression. The North America and the UK are solid, no indicators of softness there. China has been a little bit soft, but we are expecting that to pick up here as we look to the balance of the year with some of the improvement in municipal spending.  Rescue; we’ve actually got some nice momentum. We talked about last year really that being soft spot for us and first time in a long time that that business had not seen the kind of robust growth that we were used to. We’ve seen some momentum here in the first quarter and as we look in the pipeline, whether it’s in North American business of the success of the eDRAULIC or some of the turnaround in the Asian markets, we are seeing some improvement there.  The concern and this is a rarity for us, has been BAND-IT. BAND-IT is one of our businesses that has a decent exposure to oil and gas and they have been hit by that. They are industrial business. Their kind of book and term business remains good, but they have been impacted and the one thing I certainly know about the BAND-IT business is they know how to perform regardless of the market and we expect them to turn that around as we move through the year. All right, let’s go to slide eight and let’s talk about guidance. As I stated before, we are revising our guidance for the year to 350 to 360 and I’m going to walk you through kind of the discreet pieces of this and hopefully that will help you out here as you think about how we’re considering the guidance.  The first is really the impact of the dollar. So versus where we were in the fourth quarter call to where we are now, that’s about a $0.06 headwind for us through the balance of the year and in total is about $0.21 for the full year. So obviously from a top line standpoint, we thought that the changes in dollar was going to hit us by about $85 million and now it’s going to hit us somewhere in the $110 million range at current FX rates and that flows through at kind of 20%-ish plus or minus. It’s mostly translational impact with all translational impact, but obviously that’s a big headwind as we look through the balance of the year. Ag, just given the very high profitability of Banjo and where that’s playing out, that’s going to hit us by about $0.04 incrementally through the balance of the year and as we look at these large projects, whether its Material Process or some of the more energy facing, that’s about $0.05 and so again, in total it’s about $0.15 compared to where we were at the fourth quarter. All right, let me go to the final slide here, slide nine and let’s reconcile the second quarter and some of the final items. So in the second quarter we expect earnings of $0.88 to $0.90 and Op margin is about 21%. That compares to $0.88 last year.  Tax rate we expect to be about 29.5%. It was again about a 6% top line sales headwind from FX, which is about $0.06 just in the quarter versus last year. Here’s a couple of other items for you as you think about your modeling. I would expect Op margin to be about 21% for the year. Top line as I mentioned before will be impacted by about $110 million versus $85 million that we talked about before and again about $0.21 of EPS pressure.  Full year CapEx, still in the $45 million. We expect free cash flow will be at that 120% that we talked about here at the end of the year and we should repurchase in the neighborhood of 2% to 3% net shares here for the year.  As I mentioned before and as we always close out, this doesn’t take into account any of the impact of acquisitions and we will update you here on the second quarter call of all the impact of Novotema. There will be the classic step up charges, etcetera that we’ll have and we’ll net out all the impact for you as this plays on. With that, Adam I’m going to stop there and let’s turn it over for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Matthew McConnell with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew McConnell: Thank you. Good morning guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hey Matt.
Matthew McConnell: I’m hoping you can provide a little more clarity on these large project headwinds and it sounds like midstream oil and gas is still kind of holding in pretty well, but maybe correct me if I’m wrong there. So is the uncertainty bleeding into other industrial markets or is this specific to upstream oil and gas or just maybe a better sense of what these large project headwinds are?
Andy Silvernail: Sure, sure. So yes, you’re correct Matt. The midstream has held in nicely and we expect that will for the balance of the year. The real issue is really the oil and gas side, and again that’s kind of in line with our expectations. I will say that the capital freeze and we expected it to be pretty aggressive, but the capital freeze that we’re seeing, in the U.S. in particular has been pretty significant, so that’s one area.  The other area has been around Material Process and that’s more a general industrial facing. A pretty decent amount of that is touching in the world of foods and so we have seen that hold up a little bit.  We have not seen what I’ll call broad based capital freeze, but whenever you see something that starts to move like this, it raises the red flag and so we are paying an awful lot of attention to it. We have all of our businesses paying a lot of attention to it.  Historically we have been able to see slowdowns coming and I wouldn’t necessarily say that we’re there. I don’t want you to get that message at all. I just want you to get the message that we’ve seen a couple of places where it slowed down and we wanted to make sure that we’ve got our antenna up.
Matthew McConnell: Okay, great. Yes, that makes sense. I mean orders weren’t even down in any of these segments, so it certainly seems like your staying in front of it. So then on profitability of Novotema, anything you can help us with there. I know you gave us the multiple on sales. Anything on EBITDA?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so it’s a very profitable business. From an EBITDA margin its IDEX like. It’s not going to be dilutive to our margin. As a matter of fact, it’s going to be accretive overall from an EBITDA perspective. It’s a very, very profitable business and the team there, we’ve known this business for a long time and they’ve done a great job of repositioning that business over time to be in more attractive markets and it’s really a wonderful combination between PPE.  So if you remember – and we bought PPE back in 2010 and there are a few things that are really unique about PPE; one of them is they have some really unique capability in Material Sciences and so as we were looking at Novotema, the question we had is kind of given Novotema’s strengths in certain end markets and in manufacturing capability, could we marry their great manufacturing and some of their end markets with our Material Science capability and have the same kind of very quick turnaround for customers, whether its new product development or operationally, could we do that and the answer to that is, yes.  So we actually, before we decided to move forward with the acquisition we actually partnered with them to see if we could do this on a commercial basis. So we actually created a commercial partnership around our Material Science capability, their manufacturing capability and it really was incredibly successful and convinced both parties that this was the right marriage and so we’re excited to have them as part of the family.
Matthew McConnell: Great, I appreciate that in insight. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Scott Graham: Hey, good morning. 
Andy Silvernail: Hi Scott.
Scott Graham: So in the interest of getting Heath to say something, my hope is that maybe you guys – and it’s really my only question, because I thought your presentation was very clear and everything made sense. Typically you go for a certain level of productivity each year. So what do you now need incrementally to that dollar wise? Is it $10 million? Could you just size that number for us to offset the sales shortfall?
Heath Mitts: Well Scott, thanks for giving my time in the sun here. We are off to a really good start from a productivity perspective this year and I think that’s reflected in the margins; you see it, our ability to counteract. Going into the quarter we knew we were going to have the headwind from year-over-year from the large projects within dispensing, with our ability to more than offset that, and as well as the FX pressure is reflective in the segment operating results and we’re very pleased. I wouldn’t say pleasantly surprised, but we’re very pleased with their performance there. We’ve talked in the past about going into any given year with roughly a $25 million headwind in terms of inflation. Certainly the material inflation is something that we’re able to hold down a little bit this year, in this environment, but the wage inflation is still real, which is the 60% or so of that $25 million.  So given all that, we are on track to counteract what our normal productivity both sourcing and savings, as well as OpEx type of saving around scrap and overtime reduction and the ability to lever our fixed cost base is still well on track.  Now, in terms of an incremental down tick relative to when we started the year, as you know we did a fair amount of restructuring savings in the fourth quarter, where we ended up taking out about $15 million or $16 million of annualized cost. That certainly has provided some level of protection and we will consider any additional actions as necessary as we progress through the year, albeit it’s going to be somewhat selective in terms of where and how we would do those things. We don’t want to cut too close to the bone in any one area, because we are making strategic organic investments, and we don’t want to lose out that.
Scott Graham: Understood. So essentially the answer is your on track with the productivity to offset your normal inflation and the incremental this year is still in the restructuring savings, but if necessary there might be a little bit of upside to that if sales don’t necessarily come through, is that a fair paraphrase?
Heath Mitts: You summarized it well.
Andy Silvernail: This is Andy. If you kind of dimensionalzie all this together and I don’t think we’ve talked about it like this necessarily, but when you look at FX, you take FX, you take the impact of the large businesses that are comped from last year. Those two things together, you’re talking about $35 million of profitability together that we’re comping against, plus the normal $20 million to $25 million of just inflation. So you’re talking like in the neighborhood of $50 million to $60 million of profit comp that we are going to cover, right, as we go through this year. So even with the guidance that we have as we sit here today, sometimes we lose sight of the magnitude of the execution that the teams have done and its damn good. 
Scott Graham: I appreciate it, but in continuing to answer my question Andy, I came up with another question if you don’t mind.
Andy Silvernail: Okay, go on.
Scott Graham: It just kind of hit me you know, you were talking about the puts and takes and as you’re weaving that together, how is the pricing component of things right now?
Andy Silvernail: Actually it’s holding up right. I would say total pricing is a little softer than we saw last year, meaning we’re not getting quite as much, but your still talking about call it the 1% range that we’re going to get. We’ve gotten a lot of questions about are we seeing price in oil and gas and we’re fortunate given kind of where we play in the food chain that we’re not seeing that. I mean, in fact everybody gets the letter that says ‘hey, we want a price reduction,’ but given our proprietary positions, whether its technology or the switching costs, we’re able to hold up prices pretty well.
Scott Graham: Very good. Thanks guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Konigsberg with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Konigsberg: Yes, thank you. Good morning. 
Andy Silvernail: Hey Brian.
Brian Konigsberg: One of my two questions were taken, but I will go onto the question not asked, about – so just on FX, can you just talk about how that maybe impacting you from a competitive standpoint? Is it becoming more difficult to compete against some of the European employers, particularly maybe in HST or maybe if there is other areas in a portfolio that might have that type of dynamic going on.
Andy Silvernail: So there are puts and takes relative to that competitively. So we’re pretty fortunate that the vast majority of what we do, kind of where we manufacture and where we compete typically and so we don’t necessarily see that kind of competition, although you certainly will see some overseas competition in kind of European competitors trying to go after to the U.S. market where we have a strong foothold, and I’m just using it as an example, so you will see some of that.  But this is again, I’ve kind of used the term, ‘these markets are glacial’ and for good and for ill, the markets moved really slowly and so I think the question that your asking is more of a, if we stay in this sustained area for a few years, will we start to see it on new business that’s playing through, right.  So much of our business is going into an aftermarket or a like for like replacement versus kind of large contracts that are going out, and so it would take years to kind of play through from a competitive standpoint, so that’s kind of one thing, so we’re not seeing it today. The other part is, remember, we’ve got a pretty decent footprint in other parts of the world. 50% of our business is non-U.S. and 40% of it is actually produced outside of the U.S. So while we may see some things in a few years if the current currencies play themselves out, we also have the benefits of being more competitive in the businesses that we have outside of the U.S. So I don’t expect it’s going to be a big impact that we’ll see.
Brian Konigsberg: Great, and let me just follow-on. On the water business, clearly your doing very well gaining share, bringing new products to market. The underlying market itself, are you starting to see things starting to firm up. We know a number of projects have been delayed over the last couple of years. Are those starting to break loose or is really your success here just a matter of market share gains.
Andy Silvernail: I would say we are seeing the improvement. I would say that the number of municipal bids that are going out and in particular, the number of large dollar bids that I think people were really hesitant on, in North America in particular have improved. And so if you recall, we made a real conscious decision to reposition ourselves relative to the markets that we were going after in new water services in the U.S. and in the UK and that was the right move in terms of focus and going after the right profit pools then and I think it’s going to pay dividends for us as those places start to free up a little more capital.  So the businesses are better in the U.S. and in Europe or I should say the UK. I should say in North America, in the UK and also in China we’ve seen that a little bit. So we’ve seen some level of improvement in China.
Brian Konigsberg: That’s excellent. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo Advisors. Please go ahead with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys, good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hi Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Hi. Just Andy on the organic investment side, obviously your use of cash, can we maybe talk about how you’re looking at it and maybe I guess there would be some certain environment. I know some of your markets and harder to move, but is there a share gain opportunity for you? Are you becoming more selective because of certain end markets at this point?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. You have to think about organic investments at IDEX in a multiyear phase or thought process and the reason I say that is, if you think about generally any business that we have, from the time of concept through I’ll call it, full demand, you’re talking about a five year timeframe, if you’re realistic about it.  And so the things that we’re winning on now, if you go back to 2012 when we talked about making some major choices and cutting abilities in 2012, the benefits that we’re seeing today with those investments with them and I know sometimes for the investment community that can be unfulfilling, because you don’t get the rapid speed that you get, so that’s also why the markets are so darn defensible.  So the investments that we’re making today, in reality they are not going to show up for two, three, four, five years in full, but we know that we’ve got to have the patience and the discipline to play that out. The diversified space in general gets a lot of criticism around organic growth and I’ve been asked many times kind of what’s underneath that and my belief is frankly we don’t have the discipline and the patience to make the multiyear investments and you just you have to do it and that’s what we’ve done.
Allison Poliniak: That’s great. And then last call you talked a little bit about energy and maybe potential benefit as we move to the end of ’15 in to ’16 from the sort of energy tax really we’re getting here. Any thoughts of that, updates, changes if you can let me know?
Andy Silvernail: It’s not playing itself through yet, except maybe the one place that we’re seeing it is actually in Dispensing and the reason I’d say that is demand that’s going through the retailers, which is putting more money in their pockets and so if you look at the Dispensing business, it really on a global basis, that’s been pretty good, right. So if you look at the overall business there as capital is flowing through those retailers and allows them to refurbish, it is allowing for that to flow through dispending to some degree. It’s hard to peg it exactly Allison, but I would say that’s one place that you could draw a line to.  How it plays through the general economy that was my statement at the fourth quarter call. Typically that can be a year or more before it goes through the consumer into the business community. So I still think we are going to live with that gap where you’ve seen massive capital cuts in the energy world and therefore now we’re seeing the daily layoffs that are happening in those places. You’re going to see that be the near term impact and then maybe at the end of this year; in ’16 you’ll see how that flows through back to the business community.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect, thanks guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Radigan with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Joe Radigan: Thanks, good morning guys.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning Joe.
Joe Radigan: I guess first, what percentage of MPT is driven by project activity and then maybe the same question for the energy piece of FMT?
Andy Silvernail: So for MPT its going to be in that, call it 40% range plus or minus; that has a larger capital piece to it, and when I say larger capital that’s dimensionalized there. You’re talking about $250,000 to sometimes a several million dollar project, but those are pretty rare. So when we say large capital, we are not talking about $50 million projects or anything like that. But you can see it’s certainly in a quarter or two that are dry or robust. You can see how that’s going to play itself through, really for the balance of the year. So the order softness that we saw here in the first quarter, that’s going to play itself through as we get to the third and the fourth quarter in particular.  The second quarter is actually okay in terms of what we can see in the funnel. So that’s a little bit more lumpy than we’re using to seeing within IDEX, but that’s the kind of the dimensions we’re talking about. We don’t have the same magnitude in the energy side.
Joe Radigan: Okay, and then just to be clear, have you seen any orders that were already in backlog get cancelled or is this more restricted to kind of the go forward order rates?
Andy Silvernail: It’s really around go forward. Again, generally we don’t have a lot of exposure to kind of big capital stuff that’s in the pipeline that we have committed and we have an order getting canceled. Its more when we see a large capital project, let’s just say in energy, we have some business that may go into it, let’s call it in that $250,000 to $1 million range, but more of it is understanding kind of how that pipeline is going to flow to what we call our book and term business, and so you’ll see BAND-IT as an example, when you know a large capital projects happening, we know we’re going to get a large chunk of the business, but it’s not committed until kind of really late in the process. So we don’t have a lot of things sitting on our books today that are at risk of being canceled. Its more kind of an understanding of what that pipeline’s going to look like here over the next six to 12 months.
Joe Radigan: Okay. And then I guess my next question actually is around BAND-IT and I think Andy you’ve talked about that being sort of a dull weather for the overall economy since it touches so many end markets and a short cycle. If you exclude the oil and gas piece of it, which is understandable, have you seen any trends kind of in that base run rate business that either give you cost for concern or vice versa reason for encouragement?
Andy Silvernail: That’s a great question, because as we were looking at their order rates and as we go through our typical business reviews, we asked kind of that same question. So we actually asked them to look specifically at – we have an energy vertical within BAND-IT, so we can kind of see that piece.  But then we saw some weakness that we were like, wait a second here, what’s going on? So we asked them to kind of dice up the country and look at it and lo and behold, all of the weakness that they found happened to be in the four states that have enormous energy exposure. So really isolated to energy, the normal kind of general distribution, book and term business, transportation business is quite good.
Joe Radigan: Okay, and then maybe one more question on HST. How should we think about the organic growth for the balance of the year? You have a relatively easy comp in the second quarter, but then you’re facing plus mid single digits in the back half. Book-to-bill is good, but orders are only up organically 2%. So how are you thinking about that trajectory in HST?
Andy Silvernail: I think we’re going to be looking at kind of 3% to 4% organically, but let me kind of parse that a little, because I think that’s important. I think what you’ll see are meaningfully stronger numbers in Scientific Fluidics. I think you’ll see the strength there in optics and you’ll see the weakness that we just talked about a moment ago and MPT is a place through the third and the fourth quarter.  So as you think about kind of the core markets that we really spend a lot of time on and we put a lot of our core investment in, we think that’s going to be actually pretty decent here as we move through the year.
Joe Radigan: Great. Thanks a lot Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass with Longbow Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Douglass: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
Andy Silvernail: Hi Mark.
Mark Douglass: That leaves me into looking at FSD. The dispensing order comp and ONG was talking about 2015. The dispensing order comp is about $20 million in 1Q ’14, is that about right?
Andy Silvernail: You’re talking sales, the sales number?
Mark Douglass: Yes, sales number.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, it was more like $24 million. It is a big number.
Mark Douglass: Okay, I get that, because initially I think some of it you thought would roll in to second quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, if you recall the first quarter last year we ended up have having a really strong first quarter, principally because we did pull – our customer assets to pull it forward into the first quarter. 
Heath Mitts: Hey Mark, this is Heath. Just to clarify though, what we talked about earlier in the year. It was about a $50 million worth of big projects. That’s made up for two specific dispensing orders and one in the fire suppression space. So in the first quarter it was about half of that $50 million, in the second quarter it’s the blended of the other two. So in total dispensing is about $35 million made up of two projects and then there’s about $15 million out of the fire suppression space, and so we’ll still have about a $20 million to $25 million headwind in Q2. 
Mark Douglass: Right. 3Q was pretty strong too. 
Andy Silvernail: It was but we’ve talked about it in the prior year and within our guidance is really the Q1, Q2 impact in the headwinds. We did have a good Q3 of last year, but it wasn’t so much tied to very specific project activity. 
Mark Douglass: Okay, that was broader. Okay, so then my question then you’re looking at ’15, I mean we’re probably talking mid-single digit decline organically. 
Heath Mitts: Yes, low to mid, yes. 
Mark Douglass: A low to mid decline. Okay, in FMT I believe you said you were thinking low to mid single digit growth. Are we closer to flat to low single digits? 
Heath Mitts: You are still talking up kind of 2 to 3.
Mark Douglass: 2 to 3.
Heath Mitts: Yes.
Mark Douglass: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you. 
Andy Silvernail: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Maczka from BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question. 
Kevin Maczka: Thanks, good morning. 
Andy Silvernail: Good morning Kevin. 
Kevin Maczka: Andy I just wanted to piggyback on the organic growth question, and I appreciate your commentary of the fact that you have to take a long term view and make investments now that want pay dividends for a few years, but can you just touch on why is that such a long cycle, why is it five years? Is it because in some cases you are almost inventing new markets and you have to prove to customers that they need that type of product or is it that you are trying to displace an entrenched competitor and maybe that’s not an easy thing to do. 
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So if we kind of break but, but let’s just use five years as, five years is when you at, I’ll call it kind of full volume so to speak. So you are talking a year or two of that is going to be product development. That’s really where you going from idea to having a product that you are able to launch into the market place.  The industrial customers generally, and unless its – if it’s just a basic revision of product, that’s a different story. But when you are talking a new product, these customers are very, very cautious and so you generally have a testing that’s going to happen, and let’s just call that a year plus or minus that you are going to see, where people are really testing the solution, and then you have the issue of just opportunity for uptake and let me just give you an example of that.  You take a normal process facility and this is just kind of the way to think of it. Unless it’s a new facility, they generally only have wash-up somewhere between two or four weeks a year, so kind of maintenance shutdown. And so the opportunity for really brining in a product into an existing facility is they are relatively small windows. So you are then really relying on some kind of refurb within a facility or you are looking at new facilities coming in online.  So when you blend that all in, that’s why that timeframe is as long as it is. And again, I said this before, while it certainly leads to some frustration around your ability to change the organic growth curve quickly, it’s also the beauty of the defensibility of businesses like IDEX. 
Kevin Maczka: Got it, that’s helpful and then in FSB, you’re calling the X mark product the Juggernaut now.
Andy Silvernail: It’s been great. 
Kevin Maczka: I don’t think there is too many individual huge needle movers within the IDEX portfolio. But can you just talk – to the extent you can talk about anything coming, that we ought to be keeping an out for, is there something that you’re particularly excited about here for the next couple of years. 
Andy Silvernail: That’s a relatively unusual example for us. And to give you a sense of it, that’s going to be a $20 million product for us, when it’s all said and done, but it has taken three or four years. I would put eDRAULIC into that same kind of category.  In both those cases what you saw for was really a gap in the market. And so with X mark in particular what you have now is you have, an automatic dispenser that is really displacing an entire segment of the market that was manual dispensers. Right so you got to the kind of price point that was attractive, specifically in the emerging markets, that very much wanted that the quality and the capability of an automatic dispenser, but they were never going to reach that price point that the western world could, where there is enormous volume and it makes sense to have that kind of product, so we really solved that.  We’ve got a couple at Viking that are going to be in that $10 million range. One that actually will be in that $10 million range this year and a couple of others that come into the pipeline, they look that way. We’ve got certainly within Scientific Fluidics. We have brought together – actually the combination of Scientific Fluidics in optics. That promise of the idea of the optical fluidic engine. We’ve have seen some promise in there the marrying of fluidics and optics that has reset kind of a level, that $10 million to $20 million level. But for the most part you are really talking about $5 million to $10 million chunks that we look at. 
Kevin Maczka: Got it, thanks again. 
Andy Silvernail: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen Group Inc. Please go ahead with your question. 
Joe Giordano: Hi guys, thanks for talking my question. Just wanted to touch on HST a bit here. So you are growing mid-single digits back half of last year, now flat organic. Am I right in thinking that that’s almost entirely from MPT? Like has been a second derivative decline in fluidics or anything like that. 
Andy Silvernail: No, it’s all MPT related. 
Joe Giordano: Okay and then quickly on muni, can you maybe parse out the environments on break and fix versus cap run. I know you touched on it earlier with some of the larger products and maybe U.S. versus Europe in those kind of splits. 
Andy Silvernail: So the break fix business has been the stronger part. We did see a couple of things break our way in the U.S. here and over the last couple of quarters we saw it kind of couple of big new installations or new projects rather in the U.S. I should say North American because we have one that was meaningful in Canada.  And then the UK, the amp cycles that you see over there, we have one, so it’s major pieces of that that showed up in our order rates, and that will be a nice piece of business for us here over the next couple of years. 
Joe Giordano: Great. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Matt McConnell at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your follow-up. 
Matt McConnell: Thanks guys. I just wanted to touch on Ag real quick. Based on its size and I guess the aftermarket content, I’m surprised that even had the capacity to drive a measurable change to the guidance. So are there any inventory adjustments in the channel or are you seeing after markets slowdown a lot more than you had expected. I would imagine that’s usually fairly steady, but just maybe size the aftermarket content and whether that’s also participating in this weakness. 
Andy Silvernail: Sure, sure. Well, the first thing to keep in mind is this is a very high contribution margin business. So certainly as you look on the continuum of IDEX, this is on the far side from the overall contribution margin. And so a small top line hit, it is meaningful on a bottom line and just because it is at the level it is, and there just isn’t a cost structure to rip out so to speak, nor would you want to in a business like that that you believe long term in there.  So relative to the demand side Matt, the OEM side is sharper than we would have expected and I will say that in the Ag distribution channel there is a lot of inventory, there is no doubt about it and so that’s going to play itself through.  In terms of the aftermarket, meaning again kind of the break fix stuff, that’s going to hold up well, right, because at the end of the day if you are running a sprayer as an example, you got to do the maintenance on it this year and typical what we see happen in the cycles like this is people aren’t buying new equipment and so they are not retiring the old equipment. But they are retiring the old equipment and what you see now is the older equipment having a little bit longer life cycle.  And so that would be better, but the amount of new product in the channels and what’s happening in the OEMs in terms of their product schedules, that’s pretty significant. And farm prices or farm profits have been hit, and you guys all know the story here better than anybody. The farm profits have been hit meaningful and that’s going to take at least this year to play through and will kind of judge the impact on next year. 
Matt McConnell: Okay, great. Thanks very much. That helps. 
Andy Silvernail: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further question at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks. 
Andy Silvernail: Well, thank you Adam and again, we appreciate your interest in IDEX and the ability to walk you through here, what’s going on. Obviously we are very proud of the execution that we have been able to do here in the first quarter, but we recognize the realities of the world, and so that idea of controlling your own destiny is some thinking that we put front and center and we are absolutely going to do so.  We always keep in mind the long term value creation for shareholders and our desire to be one of the superior creators of value and we are going to continue to work for you. And so, we appreciate your support and we will talk to you hear in 90 days. Thank you. Take care. 
Operator: Thank you again ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael John Yates - Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President Andrew K. Silvernail - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Heath A. Mitts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Matthew W. McConnell - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets Canada Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Joseph K. Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC Joseph Giordano - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 IDEX Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. Mr. Yates, you may begin.
Michael John Yates: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full year financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3- and 12-month periods ended December 31, 2014. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: We will begin with Andy providing an update on our outlook, including an update on markets, geographies and capital deployment. And then he will review the fourth quarter and full year financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2015. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number (877) 660-6853 and entering conference ID# 13598705. Or you simply may log onto our company's homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody, and I appreciate you joining us for our fourth quarter call and a look at the full year and our outlook. At the end of the day, IDEX had a very strong 2014. We had sales up 6%, that was up 5% organically. Sales and operating margin increased in all 3 segments, and we delivered 16% adjusted EPS growth. We achieved these results in a continued volatile market, and I think we all know that we're seeing that extend into early 2015. But we had outstanding execution. We overdrove productivity, and we've really continued to focus on our core products and customers. And I'm very, very proud of the results that the team has delivered. I'm going to take a minute here and just talk about what we're seeing in the world. I'll break it down in terms of the markets and also the spaces that we play in and talk about geographies. If we look at the -- to the macro environment for 2015, I mean, obviously, we've had a couple of major changes here in the last 90 days. About 1/4 of our business is in Europe and obviously, with the deterioration of the euro and British pound against the dollar, this creates some pretty good-sized headwinds for us as we go into the year, and that equates to about $0.15. And so that's -- it's certainly different than what -- we were with you about 90 days ago. We've also had the drop in oil prices, and that's not a huge impact on our business. We've got about 11% of our business that's in energy of some kind, 2% to 3% or so that's upstream. And longer term, we know there will be good economic benefits that will benefit IDEX as a whole. But in the short term, it is modestly negative to IDEX in 2015. Also, as we have communicated, really, this time last year and throughout all of last year, we knew we had about $50 million of onetime large projects that principally hit in the first half of last year. And so we really have to fill that hole as we go through 2015. Together, these items are worth about $0.35 to $0.40 of headwind through the year. Regardless of that, we're going to grow in 2015. We're going to grow in the top line and we're going to grow in the bottom line. We anticipated a lot of this headwind early into last year, and also, just the work that we've done in terms of segmentation have really prepared our business to continue to grow profitability and to grow organically. In the fourth quarter, we took almost $14 million of cost actions that are going to deliver $15 million of profitability for us in 2015. We really were able to optimize our cost structure, increase our competitiveness and reallocate resources. One of the things that we talk about a lot here in IDEX is the idea of cutting and building. Taking resources from places that aren't as productive, aren't as profitable and moving them aggressively into other areas of the company. And we've done that this year. And we're going to move up to, say, $12 million in continued growth investments throughout the year. So with that, let me take a few minutes and talk about the end markets, the regions around the globe, and then I'll also talk about the acquisition environment. First, in terms of end markets. If you look at Energy and Chemical, in -- specifically, since our third quarter call, obviously, oil prices have fallen dramatically. This impacts principally our energy platform and BAND-IT. And again, about 11% of our business touches the energy world and 2% to 3% is upstream. The -- overall, this impacts mostly our FMT segment. The business, some in Europe and the Middle East are clearly impacted by it and certainly, the BAND-IT business, which does have exposure to downhole drilling. At the end of the day, we don't expect much of a material change into our outlook in 2015. We are assuming that oil prices remain where we are today and the impact to rig counts, et cetera, the negative trend that's happening is going to hold throughout 2015. Our core Energy business and our core Chemical business, however, is doing quite well in North America. There's some softness in Europe but generally, that business is really holding up. The Industrial side is strong. North America is particularly strong, and in these businesses where we are focused in on the core markets, we're delivering new products and we're certainly seeing our ability to take share in those markets. Analytical instrumentation. It's really rebounded from the third quarter of last year. We talked about that principally being an inventory issue. That is exactly what happened and we saw a nice pickup in the fourth quarter, and we expect solid growth here throughout 2015. The Ag market, which this time last year we started talking about the softness and our expectations for that, it has been soft principally in the OEM business. But the aftermarket, which is large and profitable for us, has remained solid, and we expect it to do so through the balance of the year. Finally, on the municipal front, the U.S. business has definitely picked up. The rest of the world hasn't as much, but we have seen a pickup in overall spending in municipal markets. And this has impacted our Water business and certainly, our Rescue business in the U.S. iPEK, which is our pipeline inspection business, has had, really, just an outstanding last 24 months. They've launched a handful of new products that I'm going to talk about later, but they're growing very, very nicely. If we turn to the regions around the world, North America has been solid, and I expect it to be solid in most end markets. But particularly in our Chemical, Industrial and our Instrumentation businesses -- that's been rock solid for us and we expect it to do so for the balance of the year. Europe, a different story. Obviously, it's been soft. It was negative for us as we look at the fourth quarter. We do expect it to grow modestly in -- throughout the balance of 2015. But generally, we think the trends in Europe are going to continue. And that said, the trends in China. China's been soft, also. It's still growing. It is a strategic region for us. We're going to continue to make investments there, but you have to be willing to live with the volatility in that marketplace, and it certainly has been so for the last 18 to 24 months and we think for the balance of this year also. The Middle East is going to be tough. With the drop in oil prices, we expect spending to come down some. And we've expected it -- there to be some kind of -- some contraction in that marketplace throughout the year. With that, let me move to a little bit on capital deployment. So we have very aggressively been reinvesting in the business for both growth and productivity. We increased our CapEx over 50% from 2013 to about $48 million in 2014 and really targeted around how can we accelerate organic growth and how can we continue to drive productivity. And that's why you're seeing a lot of the margin improvement that you've seen, really, in the last few years. A lot of what we're doing is really moving capital to very specific investments that we saw come to fruition here in 2014. We doubled the size of our India facility to meet demand, and that serves multiple platforms. In our Fire business, we have -- we have really targeted new markets for fire suppression trailers in the power generation market, and that was really untapped prior to 2013. Our sealing and our CFP businesses opened new facilities for new product lines that they're going to introduce throughout the year. And Viking expanded its R&D capabilities for, really, new product introductions. These have had really tangible benefits in 2014 and they're going to continue through to 2015, and that's why it's so critical for us to continue to move resources, people and capital to our best businesses. And so we're going to continue to do that in 2015. You should expect from us, from a capital perspective, to continue around 30% of our earnings going into dividends. And also, this year, you should expect about a net 2% decrease in the share count. In 2014, we repurchased about 3 million shares at a cost of $223 million. Finally, let me address what we're seeing in the M&A world. Our funnel of opportunities remain strong and the targets that we're looking at meet our strategic and our financial objectives. The valuation environment hasn't changed, it's still challenging, but we are really pressing on cultivation, and we think that's starting to pay off. And it's our responsibility to make sure that we use the capital intelligently and we really deliver value for you, our shareholders. I'm optimistic about 2015. I will be disappointed if we don't close $250 million of acquisitions in 2015. With that, let me turn to the full year results. I'm on Slide 4. Just as a reminder, this -- all of the information here excludes the impact of the restructuring that we did in the fourth quarter. So revenue for the year was $2.1 billion, up 6%, 5% organically with increases across all of the segments. Orders were also up (sic) $2.1 billion, up 2%, 1% organically. If you look at adjusted operating margin, they were 20.7% for the year, up 120 basis points. Across the board, outstanding results in terms of profitability and the ability to continue to extend margins. A real focus on elimination of complexity and driving productivity across the businesses. Free cash flow was $326 million. That was 117% of net income. And it's worth pointing out that if you look at working capital across the last 3 years, we've taken our working capital down from 22% of sales to 17% of sales this year. So just an outstanding job by our teams. And finally, EPS for the year was $3.57, and that was up 16% on an adjusted basis year-over-year. In the fourth quarter, we had 1% increase in organic orders and 2% increase in sales, really led by FMT and HST. Operating margin was up 60 basis points from the prior year at 20.6% and really just a great job by HST, which has delivered a 470-basis-point margin improvement to 22.9%, which is really just outstanding for the teams. And this, really, across the board in that segment, the businesses really delivered nicely. Free cash flow was down 7% in the quarter and really due to the -- entirely to increased CapEx spending. Adjusted EPS was $0.89 or 9% increase over prior year. Again, these results give us really, really nice momentum as we go into 2015. All right, let me turn to the segment discussions. We'll start with Fluid & Metering. I'm on Slide 5. FMT closed out 2014 with a 3% increase in orders, resulting in 2% for the full year. Organic sales were up 2% in the quarter, again, up 2% for the year. Op margin was flat in the quarter, but it was up 60 basis points to 24.8% for, really, just an outstanding performance. Across the segment, all of the businesses were positive except for Ag. So just a nice job. If you look at Water Services, we've seen, municipal spending, it's growing in the low single digits when you look at it across the globe. But our business has far outpaced that. They've done a great job of segmentation, they're winning share in their core and they're driving organic growth and profitability. iPEK, as I mentioned before, has done a wonderful job with new products. They have delivered a new ROVION system that, in the last 5 years, has really helped them double revenue, and they've grown margins by 1,000 basis points and they've filed 34 patents for that new product. They've delivered over 1,000 systems, and that is relative to only 400 systems that have been delivered in the previous 14 years. So we expect that performance to really continue to and be outstanding in 2015. If you look at Energy, again, our exposure here to foreign oil prices I've talked about. We will see some issues in Europe and the Middle East in particular, but it's a relatively small piece of our business, 2% to 3%, as we mentioned, that's upstream. In the bulk of our business, which is midstream, we're seeing a nice performance and a solid backlog as we go into 2015. Chemical, there is some softness in Europe, but North America, the Distribution business is solid, Asia is solid, and we're seeing really nice performance out of our Viking pump business. And finally, Ag. That is an area of caution for us. We expected it to be soft given what's going on with the OEMs. We were prepared for that, but we're going to see nice growth in the industrial side of that business and we expect that the distribution business will continue to be solid. All right. Let's turn to Slide 6 and let's move on to Health & Science. In the fourth quarter, organic orders were up 2%, organic sales were up 5%. And for the year, HST had 3% organic order growth and 4% organic sales growth. The improvement in operating margins was just outstanding. As I mentioned before, margins were up 470 basis points in the quarter, and they were up 190 basis points for the year. And there were some really excellent contributors in here. I guess, first of all, Scientific Fluidics had a really solid quarter in terms of growth and profitability. Our Optics business had great productivity and continues to move profitability upwards. And our Material Process business had a couple of large projects that have pushed through with great execution and nice profit mix. If you look at Scientific Fluidics, as I've mentioned, we closed out the year real nicely, and we saw that trend move from the -- well, we saw softness in the third quarter to a really nice performance in the fourth quarter as inventories normalized and we saw a regular pull in that business. We see pretty nice tailwinds as we head into 2015. If you look at the bio business and in vitro diagnostics and analytical instrumentation, we think there's a very, very healthy pipeline of businesses coming out in terms of end-market OEM products, and we have continued to win share on those products. If you look at Optics & Photonics, nice -- very nice quarter. We've absolutely seen that business stabilize, and really strong movements and profitability, as we had expected and as we had committed. Also, if you look at the industrial side of what sits in HST, really, great performance, particularly if you look at Gast. That's a business that I had responsibility for when I first joined IDEX, and Eric Ashleman and the team there, within that business, have just done a terrific job of growing sales and profitability. All right. I'm on the final segment, Diversified, and you would want to flip to Slide 7. As we've talked about consistently, our great success in 2013 and most of 2014, we had some large project wins that delivered terrific performance, but obviously, that creates headwind for us in 2015, in particular, really, in the first half and the large Dispensing order that we had was mostly delivered in the first quarter. In the fourth quarter, organic orders were down 7%, and they were down 4% for the full year. Both declines were due to these large nonrecurring orders that I just spoke about. Organic sales for the quarter were down 5% on lower volume in our Dispensing Equipment business but grew 13% organically for the full year. There are some really significant opportunities. We're always going to see pretty significant large projects as we look at Dispensing, Rescue and Fire, and that's going to create difficult comps year-on-year, but we've got great initiatives that are paying off across the segment. BAND-IT's winning in transportation, cable management and industrial. The Dispensing team continues to have really outstanding core growth. We're seeing the X-SMART product, which has been a home run for us, continue to grow in that business. And really, it's one of our most global businesses, and we continue to penetrate markets throughout the world. And finally, if you look at the Fire Suppression group, the team just did an excellent job this year executing on pent-up demand in that trailer business that I mentioned earlier. And we expect that business, while it's going to have a little bit of a dip here versus 2014, that's a business that is going to continue to grow for us and really pay nice dividends. We expect the core business in the U.S. and China to be relatively flat, but we've got a slew of new products that are being brought to market here, and we expect to see growth throughout the year. All right. I'm on Slide 8, and let's talk about the full year guidance. We expect low single-digit organic growth across all the platforms for the year, and that's going to deliver $0.05 to $0.10 of incremental EPS. It's important to note that the $15 million of nonrecurring projects in 2014 present 2 to 3 points organic headwind in 2015. And I know we've talked about that a lot throughout last year, but you can expect to see the vast majority of that in the first half and obviously, a big piece of that here in the first quarter. So if you kind of -- if you balance for that, the 1% to 2% organic growth that we're talking about really looks like 3% to 5% on the core business. The impact of FX that I mentioned before, it really hits us with the euro, the Canadian dollar and the British pound. And that's about $85 million of top line and about $0.15 of EPS. For the full year of 2014, we had a 28.8% tax rate due to a number of onetime items. We don't expect that to continue, and also, with the strength of the U.S. business, our tax rate is going to creep a little bit. We expect 2015 to be 29.5%, which is about a $0.05 headwind if you look at it on a comparative basis. We will continue our share buyback program and that adds about $0.11 in 2015, and then the restructuring action that we took in the fourth quarter will add about $0.14 in the year. Finally, if you look at productivity, net of inflation, that's going to get us about $0.08. Just a great job by our teams really driving net productivity. And then, we're going to continue to make the investments that I spoke about earlier to -- for growth and for productivity, and that's about a $0.10 investment for the year. All right. Let's look at Q1 and full year guidance, I'm on Slide 9. If we look at the estimates, we're talking about $0.81 to $0.83 with an operating margin of about $0.20 in the first quarter. That compares to the $0.91 last year. But keep in mind, in the first half of 2014, and predominantly Q1, we had very strong incremental margins from that large Dispensing order. And this is also compounded a little bit by the -- by, obviously, the strong FX issues that we're seeing here compared to 2014. In Q1, we think the tax rate's going to be 29.5%. We estimate about a 5% top line sales headwind from FX, and that's about $0.05 of EPS versus the prior year. A few more modeling items for you. You should expect about 21% op profit for the year and about $0.15 of FX headwind, which is about 4% top line also for the year. Full year CapEx should be about $45 million. Free cash flow will be about 120% of net income, and you should expect about 2% net share reduction for the year. As always, these earnings don't include any impact from acquisitions, or the cost associated with that, as we look at our guidance for 2015. So with that, let me pause here and turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matt McConnell, RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew W. McConnell - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Could you give us the organic revenue that you're looking for in the first quarter? And then, I wonder if there's a ramp-up through the year built into that, independent of the Dispensing comps. Because the first quarter guidance is only about 22% of your full year guidance, which is lower. So it implies a little bit of a ramp through the year. Is that just FX? Or is there something else in the first quarter?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No. You've got -- really, the impact that you're looking at for the year, is that the onetime business impacts really had a very strong balance in the first quarter of last year, and obviously, we had a very strong Q1 of last year. We think organic growth in the first quarter is probably flattish, that's our guess, maybe slightly up, but flat, generally. And as you move through the year, you've got a couple things happening. Number one, we do expect some modest pickup, not dramatically, but some modest pickup in the business. There's some seasonality as you look at the second quarter in particular. And we've got a number of new products that started to hit late last year, and we see ramping up as we get into the second half of last year. So obviously, as you look at the first quarter, that's a pretty big hole relative to last year. It is entirely -- that Dispensing order, but the rest of the businesses are really performing very, very well.
Matthew W. McConnell - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then so...
Andrew K. Silvernail: I just -- one thing. Just to give you a sense of it, in the first quarter alone, from a top line basis, the Dispensing order is a 4-point impact up line.
Matthew W. McConnell - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Right. That's for the whole business, not just the segment?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No. That's for all of IDEX.
Matthew W. McConnell - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, yes. Okay, got it. And then, is there a pipeline of any more of these potential lumpy projects? And the reason I ask is that the projects that are creating the tough comp, they're not exactly fluke. You're investing in new products, in new channels. And so it drove nice growth last year, but is there anything in the pipeline that could be comparable or a repeat of what you saw last year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I don't think -- on the Dispensing side, the answer to that is no. So your -- first of all, you're absolutely right. That is the nature. If you look at Dispensing, and to some degree, Rescue and now with the Trailer business with Fire, you're going to get some of that. That's just kind of part of the business. Dispensing tends to have a little bit more volatility there or change year-to-year because you tend to get large refresh orders from big-box retailers. We have a pretty good view of what's going to happen and when it's going to happen in the year. And so we can see that. I don't see big Dispensing orders this year on a comparable basis to what we saw last year, but if you look at Rescue and you look at Fire, there's always a pipeline. And there is in Dispensing, too. There's always a pipeline. So you're right to say that it's not a fluke. We are investing in new products, and it's absolutely what allows us to do that. So if you look at the Rescue business, if you look at Fire and if you look at Dispensing, all of the big wins that we've talked about really were because of outstanding new products and very, very good service operations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Andy, Heath, if we could talk a little bit about energy. I know you're primarily downstream, refined products. Can you talk -- I'm sure this is not baked into your guidance or anything, but could you talk about the potential for any kind of increased demand there based on the fact that oil has gone down so gasoline has gone down? The potential for you, as [ph] people, to drive more of that kind of stuff? And the impact that could possibly have on your business.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So we've -- as you might imagine, we've looked at that pretty hard. I think the issue that you have within the window that we're talking about, which is let's just put it in the bracket in 2015, is you have a relatively dramatic negative impact in the first half of the year just because of projects either being put on hold or being slowed down, et cetera. And the residual impact of -- was effectively a giant tax cut across the world and the money coming back into the system. That just takes longer to prime the pump. And so I expect the benefits of that to be potentially late in this year and then as we look at 2016 and beyond, if this continues. So if you net it out, I think it's actually a net positive for IDEX over a couple of years. But certainly, in the first half and principally in 2015, it's a slight net negative.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, that's what I would have thought, too. So you take a little bit of pain upfront and -- for a little bit of gain down the road.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, I think that's right.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: You guys have done a fantastic job over the last few years increasing productivity, increasing margins and targeting these growth investments. You called out $12 million in 2015. Can you give us a little bit more color on where that's going?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So -- and so we called out $12 million that hits the P&L. But also, if you look at the $45 million in CapEx, we did $48 million this year, we'll do $45 million next year, which is up meaningfully from our historical run rate, I mean still not a big number really, a huge amount of that money is going to growth and productivity. So if you know -- focusing in on the $12 million. It's really going into the front end of the business, so in a few places. It's going to sales channel development, so feet-on-the-street, and the development of distribution. Mostly incremental distribution outside of the U.S. and Europe. We've got outstanding historical distribution in those 2 regions. But if you look at other parts of the world, it still has got to mature. So there's money going into there. More money going into new product development, engineering talent principally that we're building out. And there are 5 or 6 businesses in particular that we are pushing more money into because we think the profit pools and the growth aspects of that are really outstanding. And that would be if you look at our Viking business, as an example. Our energy platform, even though it's having some struggles today, we're putting more money into CFP, into energy. We're putting more money into Scientific Fluidics and into Optics. And then -- and I'm just talking about the things here that are kind of incremental to some of the investments that we've made before. But principally, the $12 million is going into the front end of the business.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then, just looking at HST, you've got margins at the highest level since you bought CVI, which was dilutive to margins, and as far as I can see, the second highest quarter ever for that business. Can you talk about what -- and I assume that means that the non-CVI businesses continued to expend margins through that. Can you talk about how sustainable margins are at this level? What kind of long-term target you think you can get to in that business?
Andrew K. Silvernail: So a couple of things. First of all, you're absolutely right in talking about the op margin. But if you looked at it on EBITDA basis, it's actually well ahead of any record [ph] EBITDA margin basis. So really a great job. It's not one business, right? So certainly, the Optics business has continued to improve profitability. But if you look at Scientific Fluidics, if you look at Material Process, if you look at the Sealing business, if you look at Gast and Micropump, every single one of those has seen margin expansion in this year and in the quarter. So it's pretty broad-based. And it comes down to a real focus in on a couple of things. Number one, really, a tight view of segmentation where we're really understanding where the profit pools are and where growth can come from. It's investments in productivity. So we're seeing a nice mix change within each of the businesses in terms of more profitable business, and we're also seeing some really nice productivity gains. Just one example of that, and I think this is a wonderful example, is when I joined IDEX in 2009, the Gast business, since that time, profit margins in that business have doubled. That's just an example of that. And I think they're just a wonderful example of being able to consistently drive profit improvement. Now in terms of sustainability at this level, I think this is a little bit high. If I look at the first quarter, first quarter margins will be down sequentially from the fourth quarter, just with the nature of mix of the business and some volume. But I think you should expect margins that are consistently in this neighborhood. North of 21%, 21%, 22% based on how we're performing today. And by the way, we have an expectation that margins will continue to get better over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I was hoping that you could tell us about price versus cost this quarter. How was pricing?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. We're still getting nice price. Heath, what was the total?
Heath A. Mitts: Excuse me, Scott. Price for the year for 2014 was somewhere around 1.1%, 1.2% gross. So relative to the inflationary pressures, so that outpaced the inflationary side by, let's call that, 0.5 points or so. As we look for '15 --- and I'd say it was consistent quarter-to-quarter, Scott. So it wasn't a spike in any one quarter. It was pretty consistent. Most of our price increases tend to go out in the announced and then effective kind of a November, December, January time frame. So largely, the price increases that we expect in 2015 are in place, and we've got a pretty good feel for what's going to stick relative to that. So we still feel pretty good about our ability to outpace input pricing pressures or inflationary pressures on that side, on the material side, specifically, by another, let's call it, 0.3 to 0.5 of a point.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Could you also tell us how much of your organic growth in 2014 was attributable to higher oil as an end market? I know it's in the 10% of sales, right, so I'm sure it wasn't much. But was that a needle mover for you on the top line?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Not really, not really. The impact that we're seeing here for the year, it's probably, net-net, it's probably 1 point of organic growth that we're being impacted by in '15 from what we're seeing, plus or minus. But I'd have a hard time kind of giving you what the incremental '14 over '13 was relative to the oil price.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. Last question. You mentioned, Andy, that you'd be disappointed if you didn't close $250 million of acquisitions. The first question is: a, I'm assuming that, that's outlays as opposed to sales; and b, could you tell us more about that? I mean, could you give us something a little bit more granular on that confidence, sizes, that kind of thing? How close you are to the altar here?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, so you're right. First of all, the $250 million that I talked about is certainly outlaid. The -- my confidence level comes from two things: Number one, the things that are in our funnel today, and we really look at it like a sales funnel almost, are things that are really cultivated businesses. So they're not auctions. So anytime you're -- what you're dealing with this deep into the funnel and they're auctions, you just don't know how it's going to go, where these are really proprietary deals that are -- we've cultivated over a long period of time. And so we feel pretty good. We've got a few right now that are -- that, really, we're at kind of the end stages. That being said, things do happen. There's -- we've got a couple of deals that we feel great about, and we think we can get them over the finish line here in the not-too-distant future. That certainly wouldn't get us to the total $250 million that we're talking about, but I feel very, very good about the funnel that we have in general.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Would you say that there are deals that are close or, let's say, within the hope for $250 million that are in excess of $100 million in sales?
Andrew K. Silvernail: In sales? No, no. Not in sales. The -- in aggregate, if we deploy the $250 million, it should add over $100 million in sales. But the stuff that we're far down the pipeline today, none of them are over $100 million themselves.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On working capital, you made a nice move to that 17% range. As you look across your businesses, is that a good run rate? Do you still see some room for improvement there? Can you talk about that a little bit?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So the 17%, 15% in businesses like ours is truly kind of world-class. So I think the 17% is -- I'll put it in a very good category. That being said, as you might imagine, across the distribution, we've got some businesses that are running in the 10% range and even a couple that are actually in the single digits. And then we've got a couple outliers that are actually in the mid-20s. And so while I -- certainly, I don't think we've got 500 basis points of improvement in us. We've got 2 or 3 good-sized businesses that are in the mid-20s that really should be businesses that are in low-20s, high teens. So we got some room.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great, great. And then just turning to Fire & Safety and Diversified. I think you guys had talked about 24% of EBIT margins as a fairly decent run rate. As we look to '15, obviously, challenges abounded potentially with energy and those large orders not recurring. I mean, should we be thinking a level lower than that this year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Plus/minus. I don't see that a lot different. I think you've got -- if you look across the businesses, BAND-IT will get hit a little bit on the energy side, but they'll still grow. So net-net, they'll still grow that business. So I feel pretty good about that. The core Dispensing business, so the non -- I shouldn't call it core, really, the non-project business is growing nicely and the underlying profitability has continued to improve. The Fire business, in the last 3 years, we've improved profitability by 1,000 basis points. So it's -- we've made a nice run there. Heath, what would you add to that?
Heath A. Mitts: No, I think largely it balances out that -- just followed Andy's comments. I think we'll probably -- this business, and I've said this before in these calls, this particular segment feels the pinch of mix more poignantly than almost anything we have in our other portfolio just because you have 4 distinct businesses in there with different profit profiles, albeit all very impressive. It's just a couple of those businesses, specifically Rescue and BAND-IT, tend to be much more profitable than Dispensing and Fire. Having said that, some of the things that, from a project perspective, that are coming off this year versus last year are being replaced with things that we feel pretty good about mix-wise. So even though we're going to feel a top line pressure there, to hold margins in the mid-20s, I think, is very reasonable there.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Brian Konigsberg with Vertical Research.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just touching more on, I guess, Chemical and midstream in North America which, it sounds like, you feel pretty confident about despite what's going on. Just curious, as far as your, I guess, your participation and maybe your sensitivity to the markets, I mean, are you more, I guess, related to ongoing utilization and activity rather than new projects? Maybe just start there.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So the core of our business, as we look at energy, is really around custody transfer and metering. And so we tend -- if you look at our -- this business over time, when the energy markets are booming, the question we always get is why isn't your energy business growing as fast? And when things struggle, we tend to outperform. And so it just doesn't have the same beta that the overall energy market has. So we tend to be custody transfer, we tend to be more metering. We're not as driven by the project business. And actually, if you look at the growth of that business, pre -- kind of what we've seen happen here in the last 6 months, that's been kind of a mid- to high single-digit grower for us for the last 3 or 4 years. And really, on the back of excellent kind of day-to-day business, not big project business.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So to the extent we do start to see some maybe deferrals or cancellations of new projects, you don't anticipate that to impact your outlook much?
Andrew K. Silvernail: You'll see some of it. So as an example, last year, as the issues in the Middle East really started to pick up, our Sampi business, which is dealing a lot with skids, that business really dropped off. And that's at kind of a historical low for us right now. And so that's kind of impacted. But generally, if you -- large-scale cancellations, we're not playing in the downhole or in the rig side very much. It's kind of 2%, 3% of the business. So it just won't have the volatility that people who are really exposed to upstream have.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then just coming back to the price cost. So I think you mentioned you still anticipate some inflationary pressures. I mean, just kind of looking at a lot of the primary commodities, you are seeing deflation, not inflation. Are you just locked in to some of these costs for a period of time? And if we remain at levels we are today, you would anticipate that to start to be a tailwind at some point?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Not -- we don't have very many locked contracts. I mean, we have a couple of things with some specialties metals that are locked in and some motors contract, as an example, that are -- that have longer lead times to influence those things. But it's not really big. One of the -- if you kind of look at our overall supply, our supply chain, it looks like, frankly, how we deliver to the marketplace, right? So we're buying relatively small lots of things. And so the overall kind of price pressure on either side of the equation is never really big, unless you have something kind of really crazy happening in the marketplaces, which, historically, has not happened. The other side of inflation, right, is just, wage inflation. So if you look at just -- if you kind of start a year and you expect to have kind of normal wage inflation and very, very modest input inflation, for us that's kind of a $25-ish million number that you walk into the year with, right, that you got to cover. So the $8 million in net productivity that we're talking about, what that really means is we're taking out kind of $33 million to $35 million of gross cost, and we're netting $8 million. And so -- sorry, $0.08 a share, so it's a little bit more than that. So it's a nice number that we're getting in total productivity.
Brian Konigsberg - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. Okay, great. And so the net productivity of the $0.08 includes the spread between the price and -- price and cost?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Absolutely, yes. And wage inflation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charley Brady with BMO.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Can you give us -- and if you've said this, I'm sorry if I missed it, just the -- if you exclude those onetime projects, what the organic growth would have been in the Diversified business, Fire & Safety and Diversified? And kind of what the orders would have been -- looked like if you x out those kind of onetime stuff?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Are you talking for '15 or for '14, Charley?
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets Canada: I'm talking what we saw in Q4 and for the year.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Oh, okay, okay. Yes. Q4 doesn't have a big impact. So Q4, the vast majority of what we're talking about here happened in, from a sales perspective and a profit perspective, happened in the first half of '14. And it really includes the Dispensing and the Trailers piece. Those 2 big pieces happened, really, early in the year. So not much impact here in the third, fourth quarter. A little bit in the third, not a lot in the fourth. And the orders impact actually was in 2013, right? Because those orders happened in the third, fourth quarter of 2013, they got shipped in the first, second quarter of '14.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. So that -- I guess, what I'm looking at is that 7% decline in Fire & Safety and Diversified. Is that mostly coming out of Dispensing, which tends to have a lot higher European exposure?
Andrew K. Silvernail: That's exactly right.
Heath A. Mitts: That's exactly right, Charley.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. All right. Can you give me the share -- what the share count was at the end of the year rather than the average?
Heath A. Mitts: 78.8 million.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So the actual closing number is 78.8 million. The average number we're looking at is, what, 78.2 million for -- it's kind of low 78s for the full year -- yes. 78.2 million is what we're looking at for 2015.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Fully diluted, correct?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. yes. Weighted. Yes, fully...
Heath A. Mitts: Full year, fully diluted weighted average share is 78.2 million, about.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kevin Maczka with BB&T.
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Can we just touch on the restructuring again a little bit more? You've been doing a nice job on productivity, and you expect more of that in the new year. But the -- in Q4, we had formal restructuring in all 3 segments. Can you just give a little more detail there on what was done? Is this all footprint related? And I think I know the answer, but is this it as far as the foreseeable actions in 2015?
Andrew K. Silvernail: So we started -- Kevin, we started looking at this in kind of the late spring of 2014. And what really allowed us to do this is the great work we've done in terms of complexity reduction across our businesses. And it really availed the opportunities to get more competitive with the cost structure and to move resources, more resources in to growth. And so we started looking at -- in the kind of late spring of the year, and we really wanted to make sure that we got it done before the end of 2014. The numbers that we're talking about here are principally, wage-related, right? So the $14 million or $15 million of savings -- $0.14 is principally wage-related. And by the way, that included the businesses and corporate. It -- so that was -- it was across the entire corporation that we're able to take a hard look at it. In terms of other things, nothing on the table today. I will tell you that we're kind of always looking at opportunities where we can do that. And certainly, any meaningful acquisition would give us opportunity to go after that. So we're not planning on -- we're not serial restructurers. That's not our gig. But if we get the opportunity to take a big chunk of cost out, we're going to do it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Radigan with KeyBanc.
Joseph K. Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Andy, you've talked about the -- making your own luck for a while now. Do you track, or are you able to quantify how much organic growth you think is coming from share gains, new products, geographic expansion, all that stuff you're investing in versus the underlying market growth rate? Or how do you think about that?
Andrew K. Silvernail: So our goal has really been, how do you find 200 to 300 basis points above market. How do you do that. And if you look at, say, let's call it the 2000 to 2010, that time frame, or maybe even 2000 to 2012, we delivered just under 1 point of incremental growth above what we'd look at our market growth. And we want to get another 100 to 200 basis points above that. What I would say is, certainly, over the last couple of years, I'm going to -- I have to kind of break it down specifically, but I bet it's 1.5 points that we've gotten incrementally from the growth investments over and above market growth, maybe 2 points. So I feel pretty good about the benefits that we're getting there. The -- and if you remember back in late 2012, we also moved a bunch of cash, a bunch of money into growth initiatives. And throughout 2013 and 2014, those happened in smaller ways, the reallocation. But the $12 million that we're talking about reallocating here is some bigger chunks of opportunity. So I want to get 200 to 300 basis points above market. I think that would be outstanding. It would -- it'd drive tremendous value for our customers and for shareholders.
Joseph K. Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, so maybe as a follow-on to that. So excluding that project activity that your guidance is -- the core -- maybe the core organic growth rate in your guidance is 3% to 5%. Is any of that baked in there? Or do you think that's -- do you think it's upside to that number if you can continue to succeed kind of with these initiatives?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, I -- so I think the 3% to 5% is going to be 200 to 300 basis points above market. If you just kind of look at the global markets. If we nail that core 3% to 5%, we're going to have delivered on that promise. I feel good about that. Now the $12 million that we're putting to work here, that really kind of comes out of the restructuring that we're doing, that's going to show up in '16 and '17. We've talked about this before. One of -- the beauties of IDEX, and why we have such outstanding fundamental economics in the business from a cash perspective and from an income perspective, is the stickiness of the markets and the highly engineered nature of what we do. The downside to that is that market share, the downside from an offensive perspective is market share moves glacially in these businesses and new-product adoption is very, very slow because our customers tend to be pretty conservative. And so if you look at kind of what I call full absorption rate of a new product, it can be 2 to 5 years of any business. So the investments that we're making today are really going to show up in '16 and '17. I mean, one way to look at this is you say, "Hey, you know what? We're not going to make these investments. We're going to take the $0.05 to $0.10, and we're going to put it in our pocket and cover the FX headwind," right? So if you look at the numbers that we have, 100% of the difference between kind of what you guys were calling and where we are today is FX. 100% of that is FX. So we could have kind of put that in our pocket. And frankly, we -- for 2015, that would be fine, but we'll lose the opportunity to accelerate organic growth, continue to accelerate organic growth in '16, '17 and beyond.
Joseph K. Radigan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That makes a lot of sense. So maybe just last for me. You've been a little more cautious on China for a while now, too, probably ahead of the curve in that regard. Can you talk a little bit more about the tone you're seeing there currently? I know you said it's still choppy, but can you frame that a little bit? Does that mean you expect sort of a continued deceleration in growth? Or are you seeing any signs that maybe there's some stabilization there or even improvement in '15?
Andrew K. Silvernail: So I was there later in the year. I was kind of -- November -- in November of the year. And what I would say is that, I mean, obviously, the headline growth rates that are talked about in China are not real, right? Fundamentally, they're inflated numbers, right? And I think that the underlying number that we kind of look at is probably a market growth rate in our type of businesses that's kind of 5-ish percent. That would be my estimate. And -- but with that, it's really lumpy. And as an example, one of the things that's driving lumpiness right now is the anticorruption probes. That's lasted longer and it's even more impactful than we would -- than we thought, really, last year. And what's happened is, as that happens -- and the best example it impacts us is our Dinglee business in Rescue. You see procurement offices kind of shut down as -- when they -- when those probes kind of work themselves through. So there are a lot of things that are non -- that are more policy-related than they are purely economic-related that impact that. So the net of that is, I think it's kind of a mid-single-digit market growth rate in our businesses with lumpiness. And what we say internally and what we say externally is, when I think 10 years from now, that's going to be a much bigger business for us. It's going to be -- it is profitable today, it's going to be profitable in the future. We've got to be there, but you have to live with the volatility.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass with Longbow.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Andy, did I hear you right? You said you expect low single-digit organic across all the segments?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, for the year.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, for the year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, pretty much, yes.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Oh, okay. It's a little -- could you talk about that? It seems a little surprising. I guess I figured it can't be the...
Andrew K. Silvernail: No. I mean, well, the -- Diversified's going to have some challenges, right, for the first half, so I apologize. I don't -- Let me backtrack that. The first half, Diversified's going to be challenged. If you look at HST, at FMT, they're going to kind of be low to mid-single digit. And FST, I think when you look at the first half, which is going to have a dramatic impact, that will be strongly negative. And then, it will be kind of flat to down a couple points in total for the year. So I apologize for the confusion, Mark.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Yes, that's kind of what I was thinking, reflected down on the others. Reasonably good growth, even HST probably outgrows everybody...
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, I think so. I think you'll see HST and FMT have pretty solid years.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. And then looking at the profitability in HST some more, you mentioned IOP is -- has really turned the corner -- well more than turned the corner. It's doing a lot better. But -- and I know that was a big project for a couple of years, but you still are spending or spent almost $5 million on HST. I was surprised you spent a lot more in that business given how well it's already running. What did you do there? What did you see there that could make that business even better?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think where you've got to start from, really, in all of these businesses is kind of what is, what I call, the economic potential of these businesses. And across HST -- and really, I mean, all of IDEX, but HST, specific to this conversation, you have very, very high contribution margins. And so there are kind of 2 ways of driving profitability from that. One, obviously, is volume and holding down the cost base. So you get tremendous flow-through on that. The other one is when you have those high contribution margins, there's a lot of room between contribution margin and op profit to go and drive productivity. And so we've been making very strong overall investments in productivity across the platforms in HST, and it's paying off. IOP, as an example, this is a business that is now in the 23%, 24% EBITDA range. It's -- so really, that's a business that has, to your point, has more than turned the corner, and we really love the overall profitability of that business. It's exactly what we thought it would be.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, Heath, what's the capacity available for M&A or share repurchases?
Heath A. Mitts: Well, I mean, the balance sheet is not going to be a gating item, given where our leverage is, given where -- how much cash we have on the balance sheet today and with our strong cash generation that we've always had as a corporation. We could, in theory. I mean, the number's somewhere between $1.5 billion and $2 billion of deployment over, say, a 2- to 3-year period. That's not the gating item. As Andy mentioned earlier, we're going to intelligently increase our dividend as appropriate. We're going to intelligently do the share buybacks, and we're going to stay disciplined on the acquisitions, albeit we feel pretty good about where we are in terms of getting some things done this year. And as Andy mentioned earlier, we'd be disappointed if we didn't deploy at least $250 million towards M&A this year. So the gating item is really more finding and -- the right acquisitions and opportunities that fit our strategic profiles as well as our financial expectations.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Right, right. Yes. Certainly a financing issue. I'm just kind of wondering if -- $250 million sounded like what Andy thinks...
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. I mean, I...
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: And can we really -- you could certainly do more.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, absolutely. And there are things in our funnel that are meaningfully larger than that, right? It's just -- they're difficult to do, right? They are tightly held businesses that people don't necessarily want to part with.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I think everyone appreciates how clean you always present your financials and you take it on a chin in terms of restructuring into the P&L. And I'm just curious as to how the internal discussion goes as to when you make a decision to call something out. Like, is it just simply the magnitude of the actions?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, it really is. And we even had the debate this time around, right? And we just said, "Hey, it's -- there'd be too much noise on an ongoing basis if we didn't kind of talk about it explicitly." So it really is the magnitude. It's not uncommon for us throughout any one year to eat a few million dollars in kind of ongoing restructuring stuff that we do, right? And we don't talk about it, whether it's facility consolidation or moving a business, et cetera. We typically just kind of ease it in the P&L. But when it's this big, we felt it was just really appropriate to talk about it.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So there was nothing like strategically different about this type of restructuring, it was just -- it was -- the size of it was just larger. Okay.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Really, I think the important thing here is it's spread across the businesses, right? So there's -- this is not kind of 2 or 3 things that we did. It really is spread across all 3 segments.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, on the M&A. Maybe a -- if you guys can provide a little bit of color without hurting your positioning here. So where are you seeing the best kind of opportunities? Whether it's on an end market perspective or it's on a geographic perspective, any sort of color there would be helpful.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So I would say that the European deals are probably the best priced. The key for us there, though, is -- and we're looking at a number of them today, is if we're going to do a European-based acquisition, it's got to be something that principally -- or not principally but has a very, very strong export component to it. And that's meaningful to us, both in its existing business and our ability to globalize it. To buy a business, that's principally selling into Europe, that's not a great positioning. The valuation is both -- obviously, the currency but just overall valuations in local currency are more attractive, there's no doubt about that. U.S. businesses are certainly at a premium. You're seeing stronger overall organic growth. We haven't yet seen multiples come down in the energy space. And frankly, we're looking pretty strongly at that. We've got a great funnel in the energy space. We think long term that's a place we want to be, and we're hopeful that, with kind of what's going on here, corrects some of the -- frankly, some ridiculous multiples of that have been out there for a couple of years. But in our Chemical, Food & Process, really, nice funnel of businesses there. Throughout HST, we've got a nice funnel of businesses that are more global. Those businesses tend to be more global, anyway. And really, nothing big in Diversified. Historically, we haven't looked at a lot of acquisitions in the Diversified segment, although there are a few things that are nice strategic add-ons that we would do.
Operator: At this time, I will turn the floor back to Mr. Andrew Silvernail for closing comments.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, thank you, all, for joining the call today. I mean, obviously, we're really pleased with how 2014 turned out, and really, just congratulations to the team here at IDEX throughout the businesses that have really delivered consistently. I think they've done a great job. As we look at 2015, obviously, that -- the first half of the year, we have comp challenges. We've known that, we've been talking about it with you guys for a while here, but we feel very, very good about what's happened in the underlying businesses from an organic perspective, certainly from a profitability and cash perspective and also, our ability to deploy more capital than we have in M&A over the last few years. So I appreciate your support, and we will talk to you here in 90 days. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates - VP and CAO Andy Silvernail - Chairman and CEO  Heath Mitts - CFO
Analysts: Charley Brady - BMO Capital Markets Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus  Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo  Paul Knight - Janney Capital  Scott Graham - Jefferies  Mark Douglass - Longbow Research Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets Matt Summerville - KeyBanc  Joe Giordano - Cowen 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the IDEX Corporation’s Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you. You may now begin.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Diego. Good morning everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our Company’s financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending September 30, 2014. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our company website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO and Heath Mitts, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Andy providing an update on the market outlook and what we’re seeing in the world and then he will review the third quarter financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each segment. And finally we will wrap up with an outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2014. Following the prepared remarks, we’ll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay, beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13589617 or you may simply log on to our company’s homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder: This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that I’ll turn our call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks Mike. Good morning everybody I appreciate you all joining us here for our third quarter call. Before I get into the color on the quarter I have a little shout-out here for the Kansas City Royals going to the World Series for the first time since 1985. I have to say that because seating beside me our Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts is a born-and-bred KC boy and a long-time season ticket-holder. So good luck to them tonight.  Look, throughout the year, and really for a long time now we’ve been talking about controlling our own destiny and we did that in the third quarter and we’ll do so going forward. In quarter we had 7% organic sales growth, we had sales and operating margins increased in all segments and we delivered 13% EPS growth.  For the year we’re going to up 5% to 6% sales, we’re going to have EPS of between $3.52 and $3.55 and that’s going to up 14% to 15% for the full year. I’ll get into more detail in the numbers here in just a moment. But before that I want to take just a little bit of time and talk about what we’re seeing around the world in terms of geographies and also in the different markets. I also want to take a moment and talk about that the improvement in our cost structure and investments for growth that I outlined in the press release and then just take a minute and talk about the acquisition environment. So first let me get to end markets and geographies. We did see some order softness in August and September, the good news is that we had a nice rebound here so far in October and we’re up to a good start in the fourth quarter. If you look around the world in North America demand has just remained very, very solid you can pick almost any of our businesses and we had strength in the U.S. all of this year and it’s really been the beacon for the company for quite some time now. In Europe, we did have softness in the quarter and I think the idea of contraction in Mainland Europe is very possible, with one really kind of bright spot and that’s the UK where we’re continuing to see a nice performance. At China the term that we use here is uninspiring, it’s been a volatile, kind of choppy environment here for some time. It’s a market we’re going to continue to invest in and grow in, but the overall -- the underlying growth rates have been softer than we have expected really throughout the year. And then finally in the Middle East, we did see some slowdown here in the quarter and that’s really the conflict from the region but we’ve had a decent amount of business that has been awarded but hasn’t been ordered a shift that we do expect at some point happen but certainly what’s going on that region has pushed some things out for some time. If we turn to the markets that we’re in, energy and chemical really near as what we’re seeing geographically. We’ve had some large project order delays in Europe and the Middle East and that’s really affected our SAMPI business in energy and our Richter business on the chemical food process side. The larger orders to get pushed out push the second and the third and frankly we don’t expect them to land here in the fourth quarter, if we do it will be some upside but we expect that business is going to push out into 2015. The rest of the markets that we’re in, the rest of the regions that we’re in, in terms of energy and chemical have been very solid. On the industrial side again the North America remains very, very solid and we’ve had some pretty good business across the globe in the industrial businesses. Analytical instrumentation in the second quarter I mentioned that we have some order softness that did continue into the third quarter and that’s really primarily tide to equipment sales there have been in North America and Europe. This principally impacts our scientific fluidics business, the good news here is we have a seen a pickup in the fourth quarter and that’s a market that we think is very very strong will continue to be serve over time but we think we’ve had a pause here in the last couple of quarters. On the agricultural side, the original equipment business has slowed down as we expected it would with the OEMs dropping volumes but aftermarket has remained quite good. Finally, I’ll comment on municipal, we have seen availability of funds increase slightly kind of 2% to 3% assuming 1% to 2% in our EPEC business which is a pipeline inspection business launch the great new product here earlier in the year and that has really been a home run for that business. The only other note I’d say on municipal is we’ve seen in Asia a real slowdown in funding and that is impacted our rescue business. I want to take a second here and talk about the Q4 cost out and reinvestment actions that I mentioned in the press release. In the last couple of years we have really tightly aligned and organized IDEX to deliver for our customers and for our shareholders all while really funding more and more organic growth and the success that we’ve had here is allowing us to take some targeted cost out actions in the fourth quarter, they’re going to allow us to continue to reinvest aggressively, continue to expand profitability and also close the gap of some of the difficult comps that we know we have in 2015 from some of these large project that happen this year principally in the first half of the year. We are fortunate that the good work that we’ve done has avail these opportunities and like I said before we’re going to continue to control on our destiny regardless of the environment and this is going to allow us to continue to do that. We’ll get real specific on this in the fourth quarter, when we give out the detail in the call but I’d also add here to note that this is not been included in the guidance that we mentioned in the press release form what we’re talking about today but of course we’ll give you that details in the fourth quarter call. Finally on capital deployment, we’ve increased capital spending this year all around enabling organic growth and driving productivity and year-to-date CapEx is up 46% to $34 million so it’s up $11 million versus last year year-to-date and that’s all about how do we drive profitable growth in our businesses. We also earlier in the year increased in our dividend 22% to $0.28 per share and we’re going to keep in that 30% ratio that we talked about consistently.  Finally, if you look at share repurchases we’ve continue to buy shares we’re going to end up of about 2% annual reduction this year and the quarter we bought 831,000 shares but I’ll note that as a market weakens, we had a well-planned 10b5-1 in place that accelerated repurchases as the market soften so I think we tend to buy few more shares here in the quarter because of that. Lastly, I’ll talk about the M&A market, year-to-date not much has changed since we talked a quarter ago. It’s still a seller’s market. Valuations remain high even though the public markets have corrected, you certainly have not seen that in the near term in the private markets and so again it really slows seller’s market and we’ve got at any one time we’ve got 4 to 6 opportunities that are in the diligence space and when we talked a quarter ago we had two that we had pretty darn close to the finish line and at the last minute I’d say valuations really ran and we decided to opt out of both of those because they really fell out of our parameters for sensible capital deployment. We’re going to remain very disciplined and we’re committed to building through acquisitions as well as organically but it’s got to fit strategically and it’s got to fit financially. Alright, with that let’s move on to results for the quarter among slide 4. As I mentioned 4, organic sales were up 7% in the quarter that total sales were up 9% and we had increases across all segments. Orders were down 5% and in total 6% organically to 507 million but if you take out the dispensing order in the large material process order that we had in this quarter, orders were flat. Operating margins were 20.8% up a 100 basis points year-over-year and the improvements was really driven by outstanding performance in health and science and it diversified. And I just got to give credit to the teams across the board continuing to drive excellent profitable growth in the business. Free cash flow is $92 million it was down from last year but we still delivered a 130% of net income and there were two things that really affected cash from quarter one was CapEx as I mentioned before being up 46% year-to-date and also with the accelerating volumes we bundled to more working capital but overall still a great job on cash flow. And finally as I mentioned before EPS was $0.88 it was up 13% from last year. Alright, I’m going to turn to the segment discussions among slide 5, and we’ll start with the fluid metering. Third quarter, we had a 1% decrease in orders and that decrease was really attributed to what we’re seeing in the Ag OEM side with Banjo and little bit here of the non-U.S. energy stuff that I mentioned before. Organic sales were up 4% in the quarter, Op margin was up 10 basis points to 24.5% but I will mention that we’ve $800,000 in inventory step up with the Aegis in the quarter and we would have been up another 40 basis points happened and also we would have been in the low 30s entering to flow through if you don’t include the inventory step up with Aegis. Sales across FMT were up in all platforms except for Ag and let me just touch on the platforms here for a second. Water has continued to have just a really good year, good story to whole year, municipal spending up slightly but the better story is that we continue to drive growth through new products and targeted share gains and it’s really allowed us to outpace the market and Florian and his team have just done an outstanding job the whole year. Quote activity remains relatively strong and we’re excited as we look at the opportunities going forward. Energy I’ve already talked a bunch about what’s happen in some of the project side, again we continue to have strength in North America. It has been offset by what we’ve seen in Europe and the Middle East and we’re going to have some volatility as I mentioned before and we’re okay with that because we like our position in overall in the energy business. In terms of chemical food process it’s followed some of the trends that I mentioned before, but some of that’s been offset by really outstanding execution and new product development at Viking. Our North American distribution business is up and they’ve had some great new products that hit the market recently that have really surprise to the upside. Finally, I’ve already talked about what’s going on with ag, but remember that when we talk about Banjo only a third of that business is tied to the OEM business and the aftermarket remain solid and the industrial actually remains very, very good. So we got a good backlog going into the fourth quarter and we segmented that business more and more, so as we look at 2015 and we still think we can have a pretty decent year there. All right, let me go on to health and science I’m on page six. In the third quarter orders were down 2% and that was entirely due to that the MPT order that I mentioned from year ago from China organic sales were actually up 5% in the quarter and we expanded margins 150 basis points so really nice job. Scientific Fluidics, I’ve already touched on this a little bit but the trends follow the overall equipment sales trends, there is some hangover from inventory in the channel some big new product launches that were early in the year. But again as I mentioned our share is very much intact and we’ve had nice solid start to the fourth quarter.  Optics and photonics has remained stable in the quarter we’ve had outstanding profitability improvement really from productivity and favorable product mix in the platform. Material process technology I’ve talked about this a bunch already. We did have the tough comp here in the quarter. We had great sales growth really from our Asian industrial and pharmaceutical businesses, terrific leverage as we got in the sales out the door and just remember that this is the lumpiest business within health and science. We will kind of see that from time-to-time, but we see real nice order stability and sale stability through the balance of the year.  The industrial-facing businesses, the core distribution businesses in North America, Western Europe and China have all been solid and these guys have just done a terrific job of segmenting businesses, having new products in place and having great plans for profitable share growth.  All right, I’m on our final segment on diversified that’s a slide seven. Orders were down 20% really all of it due to the dispensing order from last year. This segment is our lumpiest segment dispensing fire and rescue all rely on projects. I will say however that the underlying organics that they’re doing are really terrific. If you look across those businesses the organic sales growth and order growth that we’ve seen has been excellent and that’s what really turned into great sales growth here in the third quarter so it’s a flip side of the order equation. We had 18% up in the segment. We had really outstanding performance by BAND-IT; strong conversion in our fire and suppression business with the trailers being shift, so really outstanding performance on a top-line and even more impressive on the bottom line we had 420 basis points of margin improvement from leverage and from great productivity across the segment. Really if you look at sales and profit there up year-over-year and every business then diversified BAND-IT has just been a great story all year long, each market and geography is up and they just continue to have outstanding execution and leadership in the markets.  Dispensing has continued to execute and improve productivity. If you take out that one large order that we shift here we’ve had good growth throughout Western Europe and North America and additionally X-SMART, that’s just been a terrific story in Western Europe and emerging markets that’s been a great new product for us here for some time.  On the fire suppression side team has done a very nice job executing on orders to get those fire trailers out the door and we expect that the core business in North America and China is going to continue to be flat the markets are but we think we’ll have the opportunity to continue to take some share and grow those businesses. And finally on rescue I mentioned before that the Asian municipal markets have wait on this a little bit but we continue to have really outstanding results in North America the new product introductions and we continue to be high on the rescue business. Okay. Let’s flip to slide eight and we’ll talk about guidance for the quarter and for the full year. And again just remember that the guidance here it doesn’t include the impact from the cost initiatives that I talked about earlier. In Q4, we expect EPS to be $0.85 to $0.88 operating margin around 20% and a tax rate above 28.5%, this assumes the U.S. Government improves the R&D tax credit by December 31st.  We also think we’re going to have 2% top line headwind from that facts and that’s can translate into about $0.02 a share loss from our earlier expectations that we talked about a quarter ago. For the full year we’re raising the low end of our guidance by $0.02, we now expect EPS to be $3.52 to $3.55 and organic growth to be 5% to 6% for the full year. Full year operating margin is going to exceed 20% and just some final modeling if you guys to think about, full year tax rate is going to be around 29%, CapEx should be 48 million to 52 million and we think free cash flow will be about a 120% of net income. As always we exclude from this any impact from acquisitions or cost charges with any future acquisitions and again this also the impact of fourth quarter cost-out initiatives. So with that, let me stop here and Diego I’ll turn it over to you and we can open it up for questions.  
Operator: Thank you. At this time we’ll conduct our question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Charley Brady with BMO Capital Markets, please state your question.
Charley Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Just a couple of questions on the orders. And I jumped on late, so I apologize if you covered this. On FMT, did you give the orders organically ex-acquisitions?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, we did, we have that in their hold on a second Charley so let me make sure I actually speak about this correctly. We said that overall FMT orders were down 1% organically and that was really entirely due to the OEM business with the in Ag and we also have some non-U.S. energy stuff that got pushed out.
Charley Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. I guess I was -- without the acquisition, it was made in Q2. 
Andy Silvernail : Yes, organically, when we say organic we’re excluding that.
Charley Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. I just wanted to make sure I was clarified on that. And what's the -- on FMT, excluding that large dispensing order last year, what would have orders been up or down? 
Andy Silvernail : You mean diversified?
Charley Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Yes.
Andy Silvernail : We have never kind of characterized it like that but you can kind of back into the math of it. So, it was down 20% in the quarter and in all of that was due to that large order that comp. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Jones with Stifel, please state your question.
Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus: Just on FST for a minute, I mean I think we are through that diversified order now. None of that shipped in the third quarter, correct? 
Andy Silvernail : We don’t know what we’ve been past that since the early second quarter.
Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus: So obviously a very strong performance for margins in that business now. Assuming we don't have another large diversified or dispensing order or something like that, are we at margins that are sustainable now? Or was there something in the mix or something else that drove them higher than you expected? 
Heath Mitts: Nathan, this is Heath. Always the segment the diversified segments always going to have some element of mix just relative with the four businesses that are in there. BAND-IT is performing very well and we obviously enjoy very healthy margins out of the BAND-IT platform. So, I wouldn’t tell you the model of 26 let’s say somewhere in that 24 to 24ish range is probably a good modeling but understand that it can swing a couple of hundred basis points in either side of that given mix in the given quarter.
Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So we shouldn't expect it to stay up at 26?
Andy Silvernail : No.
Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus: -- some quarters it might be.
Andy Silvernail : -- internally model it but again it’s going to swing on project activity and it’s going to swing on mix within that business.
Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that's cool. 24% is more like a baseline number there. Obviously, invested quite a bit of money in CapEx this year relative to what you usually spend. It's still not that high even at these levels. When you are looking forward into 2015, are there still opportunities to deploy CapEx to drive growth in 2015? Have you exhausted those? Will they be less next year? 
Andy Silvernail: We actually think that it’s going to continue to ramp up. So part of what you’re seeing in the cost out that we’re doing here in the fourth quarter it’s really a combination of cost reduction and pretty aggressive reinvestment and allows if it’s come down to the segmentation we’ve been doing here for a couple of years just really aggressively segmenting our markets and our businesses so that understand more deeply where some of the these profit pools are and a great example of that is Viking. So, in this quarter alone they’ve had a handful of new products that come out of segmentation that we’ve funded really aggressively and they’re winning and actually just yesterday we received a pretty good size of orders at Viking for those new products that launched and so we’re pretty excited about that so we think there is more and as we’re challenging the teams more deeply that to find more organic opportunities we’re finding them to be more aggressive in terms of asking for money and as I said in the past, we’ll fund organic stuff all day along as aggressively as we can.
Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus: So should we expect a higher CapEx number next year? 
Andy Silvernail : Nathan, I think a fair number just to model with is still around 2% of revenue. This year we’re going to be attend more than that in prior years we’ve been just under 2% but I still think 2% plus or minus $5 million is probably a good number so, yes I do think it ramps up to Andy’s point next year but we’re not talking about doubling going forward -- going from 45 to 90 we’re talking about going moderately higher and just and these are not made up just as you know as we talked about and as you can imagine given our decentralize nature these are not made up of any one or two items that are driving this. These are series of opportunities across the entire IDEX portfolio.
Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. But we should consider -- we should think about 2% of revenue as being your CapEx number for the foreseeable future? 
Andy Silvernail : Yes, of course plus or minus here.
Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, cool. You talked about some push outs of projects in Middle East and Europe. What’s your sense for the possibility that those turns from delays into cancellations? 
Andy Silvernail :  Honestly I’m not sure. In our forecast this year and the next year we have it at zero and so we don’t bet on that kind of stuff so we’ve got it there we know that they’re out there but in particular if you look at what’s going on with the SAMPI stuff, it’s going right into the Middle East and we’ve been awarded the business sitting they’re shooting at each other. So, I don’t expect that’s going to happen anytime soon. The chemical stuff I’m not as concerned about that’s much more what I think is a push out and plus that’s be it made up for in speed what’s going on in the U.S.  The energy stuff I want to put a full zero on, for the foreseeable future into the Middle East and then the chemical stuff I do think is a push and that does happen.
Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus: Well, I have always known you to plan for the worst, Andy, so on the inventory step-up charges, are they complete now? 
Andrew Silvernail :  Yes, it was 800,000 this quarter and 500,000 last quarter that’s done so you should see a take up there improvement for FMT. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please state the question.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Can we just going back to energy again, North America obviously concerns crudes and somewhat collapse, obviously, we are seeing it in the energy there, concerns about investments in the U.S. are you guys seeing that, are people talking about that yet? 
Andy Silvernail :  No, just remember where we play principally right, we’re playing in the midstream so we’re not playing for the most part, where holes are being putting around. So we’re much more affected by the production equation than we are by the hole in the ground equation. So we haven’t seen that yet, I suspect that I don’t think that’s going to be a material impact to our business kind of one way or the other, for the most parts just because where we sit today I do think it’s likely to have some impact on acquisition valuations that are out there and that might actually open up some doors just from opportunities. 
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Okay, great. And I guess that leads me into my next question. You know, you talked about maybe multiples compressing a little bit on the energy. But multiples have been here -- we've been at this level -- it seems like you've been at this high level for quite a number of quarters here. 
Andy Silvernail :  Yes.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: I mean, is there -- I mean, what’s your thought I mean, do we need to change criteria here if this is a sustained level or are you just expecting that at some point this will kind of come back to you guys? 
Andy Silvernail :  The way I look at it is we first start Allison, with saying, does this matter to us strategically? And once we answer that question we’ve historically said 12% to 15% ROIC cash-on-cash ROIC, there are some businesses that we would buy that would be lower than that in terms of hurdle to be candid with you. There are some things that we would buy that would be kind of in the 10ish percent range because they matter to us and we’re rolling distraction and obviously the spread of capital is pretty attractive. So there are few things out there that we would do that for. But for the most part I really think that we got to remain disciplined. We’ve all seen this movie many, many times. And it eventually, it does tip over and even though we saw in the public markets here in the last month or two months that has availed some opportunities in terms of capital deployment that weren’t as good at that period of time. So I think we got to be patient we’ve got a great balance sheet, outstanding cash flow and we’re going to keep disciplined here.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Paul Knight with Janney Capital. Please state your question.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital : If I look at the bookings growth on the health and science side or the order of the 2% decrease, it seems to go counter to kind of a low-single digit revenue growth of your customers. Can you talk to that spread? 
Andrew Silvernail:  Yes, couple of things, first and foremost we’re tied to the equipment side not to the consumable piece and that has been the piece that has been outperforming lately has been the consumable piece of businesses. And also we don’t perfectly match in terms of quarter-by-quarter we bought because of how new product shift, how inventory moves in the system but certainly within two or three quarters you’ll see a pretty good correlation. So I’m not particularly concerned about what we’re seeing in the marketplace right now in terms of a gap between us and our major customers.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital : Do you think that China is improving or kind of the same? 
Andrew Silvernail:  It’s kind of the same. I think what’s been talked about in the press now is more accurate to what has been happening here for some time. So I think the new cycle has caught up with reality. I will say that I don’t think it is deteriorating further I think that’s important because if you’d asked me that question this time last year even into the first quarter I think we’d have said that the growth rates had deteriorated significantly. So I think we’re kind of in the relatively steady state but also realizing steady state in China is a lot of volatility. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Scott Graham with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Scott Graham - Jefferies : So I'm looking at the orders across the businesses, and I know, Andy, you mentioned at the top that you saw August and September softer, and then October better, and which does explain some things. You know one of the things I think we are trying to gauge here is the impact of the headlines on order patterns; you guys are particularly short cycle with your product sales. Do you think that that was a reaction to what some of the negative headlines that have come across over the last couple of months? And then maybe October picked back up again because it needed to, because they had under-ordered? How are you looking at that?
Andy Silvernail :  I think Scott, I think that’s partially correct I think number one, I think we should recognize that Europe in particular and the Middle East in particular, they actually that the business is softened because of what’s going on in those regions right in terms of the economic growth and also some of the conflict in the region. So I think that’s very much real I think that got exacerbated some of the new cycle and some people pulling back on those things and probably what we’re seeing a little bit October is a rebound from that. So October for us and the order book has been pretty solid and so it’s encouraging and I don’t think that what we’re seeing in October is necessarily sustainable I think there is some snap back.
Scott Graham - Jefferies:  Right. But since you are short cycle, that at least gives you, call it, the first three weeks of the month of the quarter that at least gives you some confidence on your fourth-quarter organic sales guide, yes? 
Andy Silvernail :  Yes, if you remember right, we go into any quarter and we’ve got about plus or minus we’ve got half of our business booked going into a quarter. So, we’ve got a book in turn the other half and so generally if it’s the first 4 to 6 weeks of our quarter are strong we are in good shape.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Understood. I want to maybe just, with my follow-up question, just go back to a prior question about M&A. 
Andy Silvernail :  Sure.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: And you have a lot of directions to go here. I mean, obviously, I'm sure nothing has changed; FMT and SHT are still the main areas of focus. Here's a question I just maybe want to ask you, I don't know if you can answer it. But if you say that, in the second quarter, you had two situations where you were at the finish line but then needed to walk, but now that you have four to six, are those four to six or any of them or all of them as close to the altar as the two? Or further away? 
Andy Silvernail :  No, I wouldn’t say they’re necessarily as close the differences is both two that we walked away from were auctions. And so you can live with that volatility, right? You eat the cost of the diligence and then at the end of the day if someone decides to write a big foolish check at their business and so that’s it -- there is not much you can do about that one. So, what we’re seeing right now is we do have some more preparatory stuff right now and I feel good about but also couple of things that we’re looking at are in Europe and as you know the diligence cycle is it’s a little bit longer and if you get anywhere close to the holidays being pushed into next year that’s just reality. So, not quite as close but a little bit better in terms of profile not being auctions.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Douglass with Longbow Research, please state your question.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research:  Andy, can you discuss IOP in the quarter and what the outlook is there? 
Andrew Silvernail:  Yes, so orders were basically flat year-over-year not concerning for us great profitability improvement as you remember we had a really strong order quarter last quarter in IOP so feel good about that. Some of the end markets Mark aren’t quite as robust as I think maybe we thought they would be we kind of thought that some of the semi business would even be stronger than spend. So it’s not quite as strong as we thought maybe going into this I think the fourth quarter I think we’re in pretty decent shape in total and just generally that the overall profit improvement there has been great. I think we’ve said this before in the past but we’re now into the 20s in terms of EBITDA margin in the platform and it’s performing like we hope it would.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Okay. So, semis is still --?
Andrew Silvernail:  It’s still soft, I don’t know what you thought but we thought it would be stronger here at this time this year and it kind of softened up.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: I thought it would be stronger for multiple quarters. 
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, yes.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: It keeps getting pushed out kind of like the energy stuff.
Andrew Silvernail: Yup.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Speaking of energy, what is your exposure -- you talk about North America is good, but with the petrochem build out expected in 2015 and beyond in North America --. 
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: -- how does IDEX benefit, or will you benefit on the petrochem side? 
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so we actually capture that in our chemical food process platform more the most part not totally but for the most part and we feel really good about that so we’ve done a handful of things first and foremost with actually if we put a bunch more resources down into that region from our long standing businesses. We also the acquisition of Aegis was important for us. We’re putting a new facility in the Huston area for Aegis. As you know Aegis is out of Baton Rouge and we’re actually putting a new facility in Huston because that’s a high touch business very very high touch business. And Aegis actually allows us to bring our Richter business closer to the U.S. market one of the things that we struggled within the past, it was not really having the right kind of channel into the U.S. for our Richter pumps and valves and we’ve got that now. So and also in our Corken business touches it too. So we feel pretty good about that exposure and we think 2015 is going to be good year.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research:  Would you say it’s still less than 5% of sales, though? Or --? 
Andy Silvernail :  In total the petrochem fees less than 5% sale fees.
Heath Mitts:  Right, it’s more than that yes.
Andy Silvernail :  I have to going back and exactly quantify it, because you’ve got to kind of break apart some different businesses. But you could probably say that’s 5 to 10 definitely.
Heath Mitts :  Yes, it’s in the range and it touches multiple areas of IDEX that’s the only reason we have to go and look at in all the different spots in IDEX that are impacting by that Mark.
Andy Silvernail :  I mean you got Viking itself which is 10% of sales and good chunk of Viking goes there you got a big piece of Richter and all of Aegis right -- 
Heath Mitts :  Element of Seals -- 
Andy Silvernail :  Yes, element, so you got pieces of the company that touch in so many ways.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research:  Right. And then finally, on the cost-outs in 4Q, are you planning on excluding those? Is that why you’re not inputting that in -- 
Andy Silvernail :  No, we’ll take it in our P&L it’s just that we didn’t have it nail down exactly because there are going to be some moving parts here before it’s all finalized. But we’ll actually take it in the P&L.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research:  Okay, but it’s not in guidance at this point?
Andy Silvernail :  No, it’s not in guidance at this point, no.
Operator:  (Operator Instruction) Our next question comes from Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets: Can we go back to the 20% margin guidance for Q4? It seems like you’ve been guiding that level all year, and to your credit, exceeding it. I know you talked about FSD, and maybe there is some mix shift. We shouldn’t necessarily think that that margin continues at that high level. But is there anything else going on in terms of mix or currency or the segments that you can point to as to why that would come down like that sequentially? 
Andy Silvernail :  Yes, there are really two things. So one is the very, very strong performance in FSD if you think about that sequentially that’s going to be a big impact. But also to be fair the MPT had really strong quarter with health and science and that was a nice profitability in terms of incremental profitability that on a sequential basis we don’t see in fourth quarter. So that 20% I think is a pretty good number.
Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then, just in terms of currency, on slide 8, you mentioned the 2% FX headwind. I’m assuming that’s a revenue headwind, can you bring that down to the bottom line and comment on what that means at EPS? And then, as we look forward and think about 2015, assuming rates kind of stay where they are, can you just quantify at all or give some goal posts on what that might mean to 2015? 
Heath Mitts:  Kevin this is Heath. It really is just the currency translation but that the flow through and in the quarter we’re expecting somewhere around 9 million at current rates we don’t try to predict what the rates will be throughout the rest of the quarter. But at current rates we’re anticipating around $9 million headwind and so it’s just really the statutory flow through that 9 million impacts are earnings by a couple of cents. But it’s really just the translation not so much that we have some type of hedge that’s out of place.
Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets:  How about next year?
Heath Mitts :  Next year we haven’t quantified it yet to be honest we’ll need some time to see where the fourth quarter settles in, but when we give our guidance for next year we’ll certainly come out with that.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc. Please state your question.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc : Good morning. With respect to the margins in HST, I went back and looked they are at the best level they’ve been in three years plus I guess, this breakout, is it really related just solely to mix or is there something else sort of driving that and I guess what’s the right way to think about margins in this business going forward? 
Andy Silvernail :  Yes, so Matt if you exclude the sequential improvement from material process and you look at the underlying other pieces that make that up, those are all still positive. So it’s a good story almost no matter what you’re talking about. And so we feel pretty good you’re seeing improvement and where is that coming from principally, it’s coming from the couple of places. We continue to see better overall profit execution at optics, that’s been a really good story. But also on the industrial side our gas business it’s in there and they have just done a great job over the last, really the last couple of years we are continuing to expand profitability. That’s a business that has just done -- really if you back five years you look at today that’s entirely different business than it was five years ago in terms of overall profit profile and growth rate. So those are the big pieces.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc : And then is there any way you can quantify the magnitude of business that you’ve sort of zeroed out at this point related to the Mideast and energy, is it $2 million, is it $20 million? Can you at least triangulate on that a little bit? 
Andy Silvernail :  It’s around $10 million. So if you actually looked at what got pushed into the second or third and we’re not going to kind of count it, it’s about a $10 million impact in the quarter.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with Cowen, please state your question.
Joe Giordano - Cowen:  Hey, guys, thanks for taking my call. So I guess order of weakness, if we could talk about HST a bit on a sequential basis. You talked about it on a year-on-year versus the one order, but it's down a bit from where we've been over the last three quarters. So could you talk maybe more on a bit of a sequential? 
Andrew Silvernail: Are you talking about order rates, sales rates?
Joe Giordano - Cowen: Yes, order rates in HST.
Andrew Silvernail: It nothing that’s particularly meaningful Joe, when you look at that and you’ll have some swings here and there quarter-to-quarter it’s not that big a deal so that is not been in there that you look and you say it is a big yellow flag or red flag.
Joe Giordano - Cowen: Okay.
Heath Mitts:  Joe, I’d jump in, this is Heath. There is a -- the element of the segment that is depend upon kind of daily book and bill is something along according to expectations which would be fine. It’s the noise and it comes generally from the project activity on a year-over-year basis.
Joe Giordano - Cowen: Okay. Okay. And then I guess more of an esoteric question, I guess. But how should we think -- how would you gauge and characterize the level of your conservatism when you are giving your guidance now? Since five quarters in a row, not just meeting the midpoint but meeting the -- beating the top end. And obviously, a credit to you guys, that would be better if more companies did that. But how would you gauge, like, the level of conservatism inherent in your guidance now, as it was maybe late last year or something like that? 
Andy Silvernail :  Well, first and foremost Heath can’t spell esoteric. So we -- I don’t know, I try to look at that and we try to guide in a way that is he is responsible and we feel that we have real confidence in delivering on that and by the way it’s also how we manage the business so one of the things that I said time to time again is we’re a company that can respond very very fast with an uptick in business because our direct labors is single digits and so we can move quickly on the upside on the downside as you think about how high our contribution margins are, that’s a painful equation so, as you look at what we’re going to do here in the fourth quarter and we’ve done a lot of hard work here to prepare our organization to be able to do that to get in better and better fighting shape. But another piece of that is that it continues to lower that breakeven point to the company and so that’s how we manage the business and so we’re not trying to be overly conservative at the same time, the bottom line is we’re just trying to be responsible.
Joe Giordano - Cowen: Okay. And just last from me. Have you talked about at all where -- like which businesses the cost-out might be? And then last, what are you seeing in European Union right now? You've mentioned Asia; you mentioned North America. 
Andy Silvernail :  So, this is not some big companywide thing that we’re doing, we haven’t might picked some random number is really been excellent organization and segmentation of businesses have opened up opportunities across the company. So we’re able to do this in kind of rifle shots and it’s a kind of thing that in any one place you wouldn’t really notice but when it adds all up it becomes meaningful. So, it really is across the company and by the way that’s on the cost side and that’s also on the investment side. So we’re moving a whole bunch of resources from some areas to other areas all around growth and productivity and so what you seen is we kind of use the term cut and build and that’s how we think about it here. So, it’s pretty broad spread but it’s not any kind of massive swap anywhere. And pretty much all of that stuff would be done by the end of this month for the most part here and there. So, in terms of European municipal still weak, there is no two ways about it, you seen a couple of projects that have come out of the wood works in recent months specifically out of the UK but for the most part it’s still pretty soft.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen there are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the conference back to management for closing remarks. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail :  Thanks, Diego. Well, thank you very much for joining us here today obviously we’re proud of the results we have and most importantly really congratulations to the team in the field at IDEX who has continue to execute time and time again. So, we appreciate your support and we look forward to talking to you at the fourth quarter call. Take care 
Operator: 
 :

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Yates – Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Andrew K. Silvernail – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Heath A. Mitts – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic – Wells Fargo Securities LLC Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research. Matthew J. Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. R. Scott Graham – Jefferies LLC Charley D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets Paul R. Knight – Janney Montgomery Scott LLC D. Mark Douglas – Longbow Research LLC Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Joseph Giordano – Cowen and Company, LLC Walter S. Liptak – Global Hunter Securities, LLC  
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the IDEX Corporation’s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all of the participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Thank you. You may now begin.
Michael J.Yates: Thank you, Jessie. Good morning everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX’s second quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our Company’s financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending June 30, 2014. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used today during today’s webcast can be accessed on our Company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO and Heath Mitts, our Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Andy providing an update on the corporation strategic priorities and then we will review the second quarter financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally we will wrap up with an outlook for the third quarter and full year 2014. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay, beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13583593 or you may simply log on to our Company’s homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder: This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that I’ll turn our call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andy Silvernail.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks Mike. And I appreciate everybody joining us here this morning for our second quarter call and results. Before I get into the result, as Mike said I’m just going to take a minute and talk about how are doing our strategic priorities that we’ve outlined here throughout this year and we’re really going to talk about the three things in matter to us most. Number one is driving organic growth around our core customers in our core products, focused execution around that constituency and also very discipline capital deployment. So first, let me talk about organic growth, really nice story here in the first half of the year. We had 7% organic order growth in the second quarter and 4% organic sales growth and for the first half of the year were up about 6% year-on-year from an organic growth at top line. And I think the teams have done a very nice job ability momentum, as we look at the top line capabilities. There are really three things that are driving our improvement organic growth. The first one is very deep market customer and product segmentation, we were driving that that the most attractive growth opportunities and the most attractive profit-pools. The second is the deep product line strategy and what we were really looking here product line-by-product line how do we drive a relative competitive advantage and focus on the applications where we can develop the unique solution for a difficult customer problem. And then finally, it’s about – it’s about allocation, so smart people capital and operating expense allocation around those critical priorities in the most attractive opportunities. And internally and externally we’ve talked a lot about the idea of making our own walk-in, and that’s how this is about – this is about moving resources and people to the things where we think we can differentiate the most, and what we can drive organic growth. The bottom line as I think that the markets continue to be challenge out there in the world and we’re not going to wait for some external tailwind. In the second, I’m going to take some time and talk about some of the smart investments, so I think we’re making this driving some other results, but I think of note you know we spent $23 million of capital this year through one half of the year, where last year we spent $32 million for the whole year. And it is driving results and we’re raising our overall growth estimate we believe we’ll commented about 5% to 6% in organic growth this year, and we’re also raising our EPS estimate and we believe, we’ll finish in 350 range to 355 range. Our second priority is really executing near around these core customers and core products. And for me execution is a really about building a culture and it’s building a culture of trust where you are making and keeping promises for your customers, for your shareholders and also for your people internally. And that in and of itself is the first pillar to organic growth and we talk internally about earning the right to grow and when we drive down lead times we improved quality, we improved overall cost position, we put ourselves in a nice competitive situation and in a nice situation to continue to expand profitability. And in the second quarter you saw operating flow – through operating profit flow through a 44% that was up from the 39% flow through in the first quarter and was also 130 basis point improvement for the year. So I think a real nice example by executing on that strategy. Our final strategic priority is very distilled to capital deployment, and I spoke a moment ago about first choice of capital deployment is about driving organic growth, because returns are outstanding, the hit rate are very and I just wanted to take a second and just talk about some example of where we are making some investment at last year, this year and how they are paying off. One of those examples is in our Viking a business out in Cedar Falls, Iowa. They’ve done a very, very nice job of making investment R&D capabilities for new products and in adjacent markets and we are starting to see some benefits of that now and we think we’ll see some very nice benefits in 2015 and beyond. We’ve also made tooling and equipment purchases across the business, but I think two that are particularly interesting one was for dispensing business where we made investment in laser automated sheet metal cutters and well that may mundane, what it does is it tremendously increases efficiency for that business, it allows us to meet some of the exceptional demand that’s been out there and it also really drives down lead time and again kind of back to that story of execution it allows us to do that. In our Scientific Fluidics business, we've just recently expanded our 3D printing capability around rapid prototyping and so as you know in this business so much of it is about getting on new programs that will launch two or three years from and there is a critical pieces of that new product cycles where you have to turn around prototypes very, very quickly and we have some customer, because of their exceptional growth rates who need rapid prototyping and we’re able to take that from weeks to literally days with 3D printing capabilities. We've also continue to make investment in our Fire Suppression business, one of the great success story this year and I’ll talk about it in a minute is trailer business and we have made R&D capabilities, production capabilities and technology investments that paid have off. And finally, we continue to invest commercially in the Middle East and Latin America and we are expanding our commercial operations and we’re seeing benefit throughout the business. So I think all of those investments, they put us in a position to grow now and to grow into the future and then we kind of get into our other capital choices. As an example, we took our dividend up in the first quarter 22% to $0.20 a share; one will continue to pay out about 30% of our net income to dividends. We’ve also continued our share repurchase plan, we should net it out at about 1% this year from those efforts and we continue to pursue M&A opportunities. It’s a very active environment out there, I think as you all know valuation remain pretty high, but we've maintained a very solid funnel and I would say we’ve got five or six things at year end, pretty a late stage discussion that we’re having, but it’s a unique environment, because its definitely sellers market and you got to be smart of a high deployed your capital in M&A. We did close on the Aegis acquisition here in April, and this is really on our chemical and petrochemical industries in the Gulf of Mexico. Aegis is based Baton Rouge and that we’ve already started investments to expand the business we’re going to open up our facility in Houston and really it’s about being close to your customers for a very quick turnarounds in product development and in excellence in service and supply. Let me just take a second now and talk about what we’re seeing around the world now get into the specific results for the quarter. A few observations that we had North America, demand continues to be positive especially in our short-cycle industrial businesses and that we haven’t seen any indication of a slowdown in the U.S. so we feel about the second half. China, the word we’re using is uninspiring it’s been also here for over a year and so we still growing, but it is much slower than we would want and we think about those we’re going to continue through the second half of the year. However, we need to be in that region it’s an important piece of business force we’re going to live with the volatility and we’re going to take continue to invest. Europe is a good trend still it continues to be positive particularly in Western Europe and the Northern part of the region that said we have start to see some impact from what some of the things that are going on in the Eastern part of the continent and we’re mindful that. We don’t have a lot of business in Russia or that goes into the Ukraine but we’re mindful about the business that we do have. And we’re also mindful about how that could cause issue throughout the rest of the regions. So overall, I feel good about the quarter, I think the outlook is stable in a few pockets of concern and I think we’ve got really nice momentum going into the second half of the year. All right, let me switch gears here and talk about the second quarter results on Slide 4, as I said before organic orders were up 7% and we build about $5 million of backlog coming into the third quarter. Revenue was at $547 million or 5% and or 4% organically, operating margins were at 20.5% and 130 basis points expansion over the last year and we saw the improvements really coming from productivity and our ability to leverage some volume, but a lot of it is just coming from complexity reduction, waste elimination in our ability to execute for our customers. Free cash flow that was down from last year, but we still delivered over 100% free cash flow conversion, a couple of things that we’re – that I think of note. Number one, as I mentioned before we have increased our overall organic investments here in the first half of the year. And it was some timing of payments in terms of tax and pension that fell in different point of last year. So frankly, it was a pretty difficult comp here in the second quarter. As I said before EPS was $0.88, up 16% from last year and that were pretty happy with the second quarter results and how we finish the first half of the year. All right, let me turn to the segment discussion I want Slide 5 and we’ll start with Fluid & Metering. So the second quarter is really highlighted by 3% organic growth – order growth contributing to a pretty healthy backlog as we look into the third quarter. The disappointment was organic sales growth it was down 2% in the quarter. Although, we did, we knew some pretty difficult comps coming into it specifically in the chemical and the energy businesses, where we had some pretty large projects last year. And we had some demand volatility in that the – as you look at the second quarter about this year. The chemical projects that are down in 2014 as some business is get launched and get standard, we see picking backup in 2015, so we feel comfortable with that. And as I did mentioned before, I was talking about eastern part Europe. But as you all know there has been some volatility here, a lot of volatility in the Middle East and that has impacted some businesses going into a rack and some of that business has been pushed we think into the second quarter. So, what we did have a weak second quarter in terms of our sales growth, we feel very good about the second half and let me talk about that for a second. Number one, we’ve had a pretty solid order growth here year-over-year. We know we had a difficult comparison in the second quarter those comparisons get easier, as we move into the back half of the year for SMP, in the sales funnel is pretty solid. So, as we look at the back half of the year, we feel good about delivering organic growth for the back half, but also for the year as a whole.
 – : So, you can kind of pick any level and they’ve does done a nice job of appoint those levels. The Ag business, this is Banjo and we call it Ag Banjo they kind of hand in hand. The reality is that business is about 30% industrial and about 40% of the overall business is closing for the aftermarket that business has continue to hold up as we go through the second quarter. We do expect some level of slowdown in the back half in 2015, but they’re still doing a nice job of executing. We are very mindful of our farm incomes have gone and what some of the large customers are saying to build into our plans and we feel comfortable that will be successful in that business. Let me turn now to Slide 6 and we will talk about Health & Science. We had pretty solid second quarter with organic order growth of 5%, we had 1% organic sales growth and we improved margins by about 40 basis points over the last year. We’ve had consecutive quarters of order growth and we feel again, just like the SMT feel real good about what the second half looks like and we think the second half will exceed the first half, in terms of growth rates. One of the – there are really two highlights in the second quarter for HST, our industrial businesses and then optics and photonics. And let me talk about optics and photonics first. Very nice order rebound for that business, life sciences, industrial and semiconductor markets were all up, very nice profitability expansion, cost side actions that we've taken are really now turning into some of the profit expansion that we expected and the team there again is doing a really nice job of executing. For the balance of the year, we think the markets look good and we continue to see a nice performance out of that team. In our industrial businesses it’s really a story about new products in entrance into new markets and our Micropump and Gast brands have done a very nice job on both of those fronts and I think for products in particular they’re doing a great job of penetrating markets and taking share. I guess one of the lowlights for the quarter, Scientific Fluidics after 18-months of really strong growth, we did see that slow here in the second quarter, there had been a very strong new product cycle and growth cycle out of that business and I think some inventory got built up and we’re starting to see some headwinds from that. We've poked very hard to make sure that we haven’t lost share and I’m very confident that we have not, and as I look at the new product funnel, our customers launching, what they are launching and where we have content-per-platform, we feel very good about that business. So I think it’s a short-term road bump, I do think we’ll have some headwinds for a quarter or two, working through that but overall that business continuous to be a great business. Finally on our material process, as you all know that’s a little bit longer cycle, we've had really nice order growth here for about a year and that’s starting to turn into sales growth and we’ll certainly see that in the back half of the year. All right, I’m on my final segment diversified and that’s on Slide 7. Outstanding performance, orders and sales were up 17% and Dispensing and BAND-IT led the way, but also as I’ll talk about in a second rescue had a terrific order quarter. Operating margins improved by 570 basis points, a lot of volume leverage and very, very good productivity and also an easy comp, we had a charge last year for facility disposal that we of course didn’t have this year, but either way a great profit execution. The dispensing team they’ve done a very nice job of filling their backlog, as you all know, we’re coming off of a very large project that we shift in the first quarter, but they continue to grow across the globe, North America and Europe are performing well, and even turmoil in Asia as you know we launched that X-Smart product and that’s been real winner for us in the emerging markets. And we think that are going continue to take share and they’re going to have some difficult comps are being go into next year, but at the same time they’re well-positioned. I mentioned the Fire Suppression group and the trailers that’s really for the power industry after the nuclear industry and they’re growing that business nicely, but also projects towards in China they’ve done a nice job of moving resources from the western part of the world to the eastern part of the world and they started to see some project orders in that business and we’re going to continue to invest there by the way and really leverage our rescue platform for that business. Rescue as I mentioned they had a very strong order growth here in third quarter – there was pretty week last couple of quarters for sales growth for rescue that picked up from an order perspective in the second quarter and that will play itself through in the second half of the year. Our Band-It they are just continued to execute and get it done. If you look across transportation energy or cable management our order growth has been strong and we expect that to payoff here into the second half of the year. So the teams done a wonderful job, Eric Ashleman who leads that businesses has really done terrific job for us and we are seeing nice profitable growth from diversified. All right, let’s move to the Q3 and to full-year 2014 guidance. I’m going to start from the top of the Page and it’s on Slide 8 and we’ll just work our way down. We think EPS for the third quarter will be $0.83 to $0.85 and operating margin will be just about 20% and tax rate should come in around 30% for the quarter. For the full year as I mentioned before work we’ve increased our guidance we are now guiding 350 or 355 and we think organic for sales for the year will be 5% to 6%. Full year operating margin should exceed 20% and then let me just give you a few other model and I don’t see that to build in. We think tax rate is going to be 29% to 29.5% for the full-year. CapEx will be up we think it will be about $45 million to $50 million for the year and free cash flow will still come in and we think it at 120% of net income. As always any impact of acquisitions isn’t affected into the guidance, but otherwise let me stop here and Jessie, I will turn it over to you. Let’s open it for questions.
 : So, you can kind of pick any level and they’ve does done a nice job of appoint those levels. The Ag business, this is Banjo and we call it Ag Banjo they kind of hand in hand. The reality is that business is about 30% industrial and about 40% of the overall business is closing for the aftermarket that business has continue to hold up as we go through the second quarter. We do expect some level of slowdown in the back half in 2015, but they’re still doing a nice job of executing. We are very mindful of our farm incomes have gone and what some of the large customers are saying to build into our plans and we feel comfortable that will be successful in that business. Let me turn now to Slide 6 and we will talk about Health & Science. We had pretty solid second quarter with organic order growth of 5%, we had 1% organic sales growth and we improved margins by about 40 basis points over the last year. We’ve had consecutive quarters of order growth and we feel again, just like the SMT feel real good about what the second half looks like and we think the second half will exceed the first half, in terms of growth rates. One of the – there are really two highlights in the second quarter for HST, our industrial businesses and then optics and photonics. And let me talk about optics and photonics first. Very nice order rebound for that business, life sciences, industrial and semiconductor markets were all up, very nice profitability expansion, cost side actions that we've taken are really now turning into some of the profit expansion that we expected and the team there again is doing a really nice job of executing. For the balance of the year, we think the markets look good and we continue to see a nice performance out of that team. In our industrial businesses it’s really a story about new products in entrance into new markets and our Micropump and Gast brands have done a very nice job on both of those fronts and I think for products in particular they’re doing a great job of penetrating markets and taking share. I guess one of the lowlights for the quarter, Scientific Fluidics after 18-months of really strong growth, we did see that slow here in the second quarter, there had been a very strong new product cycle and growth cycle out of that business and I think some inventory got built up and we’re starting to see some headwinds from that. We've poked very hard to make sure that we haven’t lost share and I’m very confident that we have not, and as I look at the new product funnel, our customers launching, what they are launching and where we have content-per-platform, we feel very good about that business. So I think it’s a short-term road bump, I do think we’ll have some headwinds for a quarter or two, working through that but overall that business continuous to be a great business. Finally on our material process, as you all know that’s a little bit longer cycle, we've had really nice order growth here for about a year and that’s starting to turn into sales growth and we’ll certainly see that in the back half of the year. All right, I’m on my final segment diversified and that’s on Slide 7. Outstanding performance, orders and sales were up 17% and Dispensing and BAND-IT led the way, but also as I’ll talk about in a second rescue had a terrific order quarter. Operating margins improved by 570 basis points, a lot of volume leverage and very, very good productivity and also an easy comp, we had a charge last year for facility disposal that we of course didn’t have this year, but either way a great profit execution. The dispensing team they’ve done a very nice job of filling their backlog, as you all know, we’re coming off of a very large project that we shift in the first quarter, but they continue to grow across the globe, North America and Europe are performing well, and even turmoil in Asia as you know we launched that X-Smart product and that’s been real winner for us in the emerging markets. And we think that are going continue to take share and they’re going to have some difficult comps are being go into next year, but at the same time they’re well-positioned. I mentioned the Fire Suppression group and the trailers that’s really for the power industry after the nuclear industry and they’re growing that business nicely, but also projects towards in China they’ve done a nice job of moving resources from the western part of the world to the eastern part of the world and they started to see some project orders in that business and we’re going to continue to invest there by the way and really leverage our rescue platform for that business. Rescue as I mentioned they had a very strong order growth here in third quarter – there was pretty week last couple of quarters for sales growth for rescue that picked up from an order perspective in the second quarter and that will play itself through in the second half of the year. Our Band-It they are just continued to execute and get it done. If you look across transportation energy or cable management our order growth has been strong and we expect that to payoff here into the second half of the year. So the teams done a wonderful job, Eric Ashleman who leads that businesses has really done terrific job for us and we are seeing nice profitable growth from diversified. All right, let’s move to the Q3 and to full-year 2014 guidance. I’m going to start from the top of the Page and it’s on Slide 8 and we’ll just work our way down. We think EPS for the third quarter will be $0.83 to $0.85 and operating margin will be just about 20% and tax rate should come in around 30% for the quarter. For the full year as I mentioned before work we’ve increased our guidance we are now guiding 350 or 355 and we think organic for sales for the year will be 5% to 6%. Full year operating margin should exceed 20% and then let me just give you a few other model and I don’t see that to build in. We think tax rate is going to be 29% to 29.5% for the full-year. CapEx will be up we think it will be about $45 million to $50 million for the year and free cash flow will still come in and we think it at 120% of net income. As always any impact of acquisitions isn’t affected into the guidance, but otherwise let me stop here and Jessie, I will turn it over to you. Let’s open it for questions.
 : So, you can kind of pick any level and they’ve does done a nice job of appoint those levels. The Ag business, this is Banjo and we call it Ag Banjo they kind of hand in hand. The reality is that business is about 30% industrial and about 40% of the overall business is closing for the aftermarket that business has continue to hold up as we go through the second quarter. We do expect some level of slowdown in the back half in 2015, but they’re still doing a nice job of executing. We are very mindful of our farm incomes have gone and what some of the large customers are saying to build into our plans and we feel comfortable that will be successful in that business. Let me turn now to Slide 6 and we will talk about Health & Science. We had pretty solid second quarter with organic order growth of 5%, we had 1% organic sales growth and we improved margins by about 40 basis points over the last year. We’ve had consecutive quarters of order growth and we feel again, just like the SMT feel real good about what the second half looks like and we think the second half will exceed the first half, in terms of growth rates. One of the – there are really two highlights in the second quarter for HST, our industrial businesses and then optics and photonics. And let me talk about optics and photonics first. Very nice order rebound for that business, life sciences, industrial and semiconductor markets were all up, very nice profitability expansion, cost side actions that we've taken are really now turning into some of the profit expansion that we expected and the team there again is doing a really nice job of executing. For the balance of the year, we think the markets look good and we continue to see a nice performance out of that team. In our industrial businesses it’s really a story about new products in entrance into new markets and our Micropump and Gast brands have done a very nice job on both of those fronts and I think for products in particular they’re doing a great job of penetrating markets and taking share. I guess one of the lowlights for the quarter, Scientific Fluidics after 18-months of really strong growth, we did see that slow here in the second quarter, there had been a very strong new product cycle and growth cycle out of that business and I think some inventory got built up and we’re starting to see some headwinds from that. We've poked very hard to make sure that we haven’t lost share and I’m very confident that we have not, and as I look at the new product funnel, our customers launching, what they are launching and where we have content-per-platform, we feel very good about that business. So I think it’s a short-term road bump, I do think we’ll have some headwinds for a quarter or two, working through that but overall that business continuous to be a great business. Finally on our material process, as you all know that’s a little bit longer cycle, we've had really nice order growth here for about a year and that’s starting to turn into sales growth and we’ll certainly see that in the back half of the year. All right, I’m on my final segment diversified and that’s on Slide 7. Outstanding performance, orders and sales were up 17% and Dispensing and BAND-IT led the way, but also as I’ll talk about in a second rescue had a terrific order quarter. Operating margins improved by 570 basis points, a lot of volume leverage and very, very good productivity and also an easy comp, we had a charge last year for facility disposal that we of course didn’t have this year, but either way a great profit execution. The dispensing team they’ve done a very nice job of filling their backlog, as you all know, we’re coming off of a very large project that we shift in the first quarter, but they continue to grow across the globe, North America and Europe are performing well, and even turmoil in Asia as you know we launched that X-Smart product and that’s been real winner for us in the emerging markets. And we think that are going continue to take share and they’re going to have some difficult comps are being go into next year, but at the same time they’re well-positioned. I mentioned the Fire Suppression group and the trailers that’s really for the power industry after the nuclear industry and they’re growing that business nicely, but also projects towards in China they’ve done a nice job of moving resources from the western part of the world to the eastern part of the world and they started to see some project orders in that business and we’re going to continue to invest there by the way and really leverage our rescue platform for that business. Rescue as I mentioned they had a very strong order growth here in third quarter – there was pretty week last couple of quarters for sales growth for rescue that picked up from an order perspective in the second quarter and that will play itself through in the second half of the year. Our Band-It they are just continued to execute and get it done. If you look across transportation energy or cable management our order growth has been strong and we expect that to payoff here into the second half of the year. So the teams done a wonderful job, Eric Ashleman who leads that businesses has really done terrific job for us and we are seeing nice profitable growth from diversified. All right, let’s move to the Q3 and to full-year 2014 guidance. I’m going to start from the top of the Page and it’s on Slide 8 and we’ll just work our way down. We think EPS for the third quarter will be $0.83 to $0.85 and operating margin will be just about 20% and tax rate should come in around 30% for the quarter. For the full year as I mentioned before work we’ve increased our guidance we are now guiding 350 or 355 and we think organic for sales for the year will be 5% to 6%. Full year operating margin should exceed 20% and then let me just give you a few other model and I don’t see that to build in. We think tax rate is going to be 29% to 29.5% for the full-year. CapEx will be up we think it will be about $45 million to $50 million for the year and free cash flow will still come in and we think it at 120% of net income. As always any impact of acquisitions isn’t affected into the guidance, but otherwise let me stop here and Jessie, I will turn it over to you. Let’s open it for questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen at this time will be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Hi, guys, good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  You’ve talked about a lot the organic investment you know clearly gaining attraction and its sounds like even when you talk about what are you are growing well ahead of the end markets there. Is there any maybe to how to do this to sort of say your growth is – based on your ownerships you are growing X time as your end market, just globally, is there a way to talk about that yet?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Yes, I think so, I think if were to dissect it, I’m going to say that our end markets are probably in the 2% to 3% growth rate and so we believe at a goal of being 200 to 300 basis points above end market growth and I think we are there to slightly a little bit better than that this years, but some of it is really project driven and so I want to mindful of that and as we look at 2015, if you look at some of the big things that we are going to comp against, I wouldn’t bake that in. right, I wouldn’t bake in we are going to 300 or 400 basis points above. I think that’s harder to do and we will face those comps next year.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  But I guess that you’re getting attraction on this organic investment and your fees are called out to progressing at this point.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  I really am, I think the new products that we have been investing in, we’re not getting attraction yet from that. Those cycles are longer, I mean when I say, I’m thinking back kind of 18-mnths when we started really moving a bunch of cash over that’s a little bit slower aside from X-Smart. X-Smart is a big one that’s churned quickly and also we've had some investments in our water business that the new products have really grained a lot of traction. It’s a lot about market penetration and really over serving our core customers where we've driven lead times down from core customers, we've improved quality and service levels. I think we’ll start to get more benefit of new products as we get into 2015 and beyond.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  Great and I guess just looking we’re half way through the year, compared to where we were at the end of last year. Any thoughts, surprises, changes that you have noticed and we’re mid-way through?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Not really, I think the – If I were going to kind of balance it off, I would say the core global economy is a little bit better than we had modeled going into the year, I think that’s true. At the same time, I think what I call just the volatility issues that are happening around the world and I’ll break those into three things, I’ll break it into China, and I think the capital volatility in China is even higher than we expected it to be, in terms of kind of investment quarter-to-quarter and I think that’s going to continue to swing. And what happening, you know we are not politicians here and we are not economists, but we are really mindful of what's happening in the Middle East and in Eastern Europe, more than anything else about what it can do to kind of the economies around the world, not so much that we have huge chunks of business, although we do have some and we had a pretty good sized order for the middle east that got pushed and we don’t know if it will happen this or not just given what's going on in Iraq as am example and while we don’t have a lot of business in Russia, Ukraine, there is some and we did loose some business in Russia that we expected to get – the inability to ship it at this point and then really, kind of how it could affect the rest of the world. That is how I would even it out.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Great, thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.:  Good morning, Andy, Heath, Mike.
Andrew K. Silvernail: How are you sir?
Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.:  Well, thank you. A couple of questions. I think I will start on FSD. If we look at that sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter, you had the huge dispensing order ship in the first quarter. And you're almost flat in the second quarter. Can you talk about – and I think that was surprisingly strong, from my point of view. 
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes.
Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Can you talk about where that came from, how unexpected it was from your end, and kind of what a sustainable level of revenue in that business is or in those businesses are?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, that was a pretty special quarter there’s no doubt about it. And what I mean by that is the Dispensing business was marginally stronger than we thought it was going to be, but BAND-IT was really strong and the fire business was the trailer business in fire. We had a couple of customers who frankly came in early we thought things are going to ship in the third quarter and they ask from in the second. And that’s trailer business has been big for us. And we think it’s going to continue to be a good business, but it’s kind of going into a little bit the boom cycle here, where you’ve seen a lot of the nuclear facilities around the world putting in these redundant systems. And this is that – this is really from for what happened in Fukushima back – was 2.5 years ago now, 3 years ago and that’s what happen. So I would say that it’s really materially better performance at fire, incrementally better performance at dispensing and strong core performance at advantage. So it was stronger than we thought it was going to be, no doubt.
Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Is the strength at BAND-IT from them continuing to find new applications, or what is driving the incremental strength at BAND-IT right now?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It is that, but I’d also say there are two things that are helping a lot. Number one is transportation side; we got a number of platforms a couple of years ago. And as you know as you look at the transportation business, it’s a lot like frankly our Scientific Fluidics business, where platforms are develop years ahead they launch and then they ramp and what we are seeing now as you’re seeing some of that launch in ramp in that number of those pieces of business that we won two years, three years ago frankly. And so that’s been strong, but also the energy business specifically the downhole business and cable management those have all been strong for us. 
Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And one more, just back on FMT: you called out energy and chemical markets having experienced demand volatility due to large project delays. Can you talk about where you think we are in that cycle? Because you're not the only ones obviously talking about large project delays and when you think, you might start to see those releases.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Yes. Let me break those into two very different things, because I think the issues are 100% -- 108 degrees from which other chemical is really about, coming of the strength of a number of very large projects specifically in the Middle East that are now in what I’ll call ramp mode. Right, so those programs are coming up and they’re coming into production and so you’re seeing the projects there coming off and that’s really specific to our rector business. So if you look at year-over-year if you break our chemical business and it’s mostly Viking and rector just from our brand perspective. Viking business is actually solid; the rector business is more reliant on chemical projects specifically in the Middle East and a little bit China. I would say that being said if you look at kind of what’s coming through the pipeline and no – attended, and you look at the Gulf Coast that’s going to start to ramping up big time in next year in 2015. I think that you will bottom out on the project level in the Middle East and you’ll start to see some slow ramp backup, coming in. So I think you’re going to see a really solid 2015 and an improving 2016 really driven by the U.S. investment in chemical. So let me stop there, did I answer your question on chemical?
Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Okay. On the energy side this is more – we had a number of pretty large projects that were ready for shipment in the Middle East that have got pushed. And now when you say as a push is it going to fall into the second half of the year and should we take up a second half? Honestly don’t know, because these are chunks of business that we have, but it’s a matter of the customer’s ability to take them, and giving what’s going on there, I think that’s the bigger issue. If you actually look at the base chemical business or the base energy business, really solid so the booking term business not concerned at all.
Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That’s very helpful. Thanks very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. The next is coming from the line of Matt McConnell with City Research. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research.:  Thank you, good morning guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning Matt.
Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research.: There certainly see to be more happening on the M&A side, so I wonder could you give us a sense of whether that’s a function of improvement or changes in the environment first maybe your development of IDEX’s M&A function and really just maybe give us a sense of where you’ve added resources over the past year or so?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure. Sure, so I think – let met talk about the environment just generally, so if you just look at the number of books that come into our office, you see that radically swing from season-to-season, year-to-year and its as heavy as I’ve seen it in the last five or six years. So you are seeing a lot of people bringing stuff to market. And frankly, you're seeing a lot of marginal business being brought to market which really kind of talk to the strength of a seller’s market out there and so that is up very substantially and it’s pretty hard for us to win an auction, lets just be honest right and its because we tend to be much more discipline in our overall price where we will go on price and we tend to be pretty detailed when it come to diligences right and so we’re not willing to open up to a lot of risk and so we tend to win auction that are right in our sweet spot that’s because we really bring synergy to it and we can create a lot of values. So that part of the business is way up. Starting about 18-months ago maybe a little bit longer than that we started to putting more resources into our platforms so more M&A business development resources into the platform and we also amped up the expectation around our general managers and their reasonability in M&A. And that has improved our pipeline. So if you look at what’s in our pipeline right now that we’re really excited about, its stuff that’s coming out of there, There are few auctions that we are looking at today that we like and do fit the definition I walked through before, but the things that we are still going to get at sub ten time EBITDA generally are going to be things that will have been working on year and are starting to get amped up because of the resources we put in place.
Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research.:  Great thanks that’s very helpful.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  You bet.
Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research.: And then just quickly, on the higher CapEx outlook: I think the trend we usually see is projects slipping out to the right, but I think you have increased your forecast a little bit. 
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes.
Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research.: What is being prioritized there?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It’s what we call smart capital and it’s principally for new products and for productivity. And when I say it productivity I don’t mean just cost productivity, but also bringing lead times down. I visited probably30 plus sites this years as we've traveled around looking at businesses and we are really encouraging people as they are more deeply segmenting their product lines, we are really encouraging people to make smart capital investments in machining, as an example, where we know we are going to get quality benefits, we know we are going to get in lead time benefit. So that the laser cutter I mentioned for dispensing is a great example of that. Could we have managed the business without doing that? Yes, we could have done it, but it dropped lead time significantly, it took cost down and it improves quality and so we are seeing more and more of that and see I have talked a lot about that the strategic vision of this company and one of the things that I have said is we want to be the best specialty manufacturer of highly-engineering products in the world and to do that means you got to have a core capability around specialty manufacturing and that means being willing to make investments around driving that moat around the niche and so we are doing more and more of that.
Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research.:  Great, sounds good. Thanks very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Thanks, Matt.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is come from the line of Matt Summerville, KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew J. Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.:  Good morning, just a couple of questions. First, on the internal investments you've been making over the last year or two, Andy, have you guys looked at what your vitality index would have looked like prior to making that incremental investment, and what it looks like now?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  I am going to make myself unpopular with a lot of people in the world saying this. I really hate vitality indexes and the reason I do is that they are almost immeasurable and you can manipulate that measurement, I’ve seen it in so many companies and so it tends to be a self-aggrandizing measurement that never goes down. And so we don’t really look at that. what I look at is the new product pipeline business-by-business and that means when you go and you sit in, you know you go to Aegis and you go sit in Baton Rouge and you look at what’s on their pipeline, what’s coming out, you get a real strong sense of that and our operators get a strong sense of that. And then so that’s kind of one thing we look at and then from a real quantifiable objective, you’re going to see it in your organic growth rates, in our line of work you can’t beat the underlying markets by 200 or 300 basis points, unless you are getting 100 basis points or more from new products.
Matthew J. Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.:  And then just the magnitude of – I'm curious; as you guys forecast your Q2 with respect to FMT and HST, I guess how much revenue in your mind did not show up in the second quarter, either because of inventory drawdown in the case of instrumentation or because of these Mideast-related project delays?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I don’t know Heath, what do you think somewhere between five and 10?
Heath A. Mitts: Between $5 million and $10 million I mean there are some specific things that we can point to that are ready to go that we either did not receive cash in advance or whatever the approval was to ship, but its somewhere in the $5 million to $7 million, maybe up to $10 million, it depends on how you want to qualify a couple of the shipments, but that was a meaningful number, I would say that specifically within FMT it would have moved us into the low single-digits of organic revenue growth. 
Matthew J. Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then just lastly, Andy, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you guys have done quite a bit of digging around in terms of market share in HST, and what is going on with your content, and things like that. I guess I'm curious as to what you can point to that gives you the confidence that there is not a market share issue that it is in fact inventory draw down or end of life programs. 
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Yes. So you are really talking about Scientific Fluidics within HST and the nice part about where we sit in the supply chain as we have a lot of visibility to what's in development and we have a lot of visibility to what shipping. So, as an example, if you – we know how many units of instruments in almost any of the major lines of business have been shift in the quarter. And we know how much content we sold of that in the last few quarters. And so if you think of it is kind of two or three quarter cycle, we can estimate that pretty closely. And we look at the relationship between those two things, and if you saw the instrument number is going up and our number is not moving to the same degree, we know we are losing share right, when we can literally track it instrument-by-instrument. So that’s kind of one way of doing it. The second way is as we know what programs have been in development and are end development, and we know if we win them or lose them. And so from that perspective I feel real good about that. I do think – and we actually don’t behind, I know end market demand certainly did slow a little bit in the second quarter. And I think that the folks who are out there, we talked about this publically have said so also. And if I look again it our rates versus that and how much content we have you can see. And also the fact that we have electronic compounds and a lot of our customers, you can see kind of what’s going on.
Matthew J. Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.:  Great, thanks for that color.
Andrew K. Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
R. Scott Graham – Jefferies LLC:  Hey, good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Hi, Scott.
R. Scott Graham – Jefferies LLC: The M&A commentary that you had at the top of the call – you indicated, Andy, you are close to the finish line, I don't know your exact words, but on five or six situations. Is this sort of the Aegis type of size? What segments are you maybe focused on most within that sort of funnel?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. What I would say, Scott, is that they are in the latter stages of development meeting you’ve got either you’re about to get the letter of intent, or you are in that range that’s kind of the stage for us plus or minus. And I would say all of the ones that we are looking at today are bigger than Aegis, but they are not these are not $0.5 billion of things right. So, this one of the things we kind of look at each other and we had a staff meeting last week and were walking through our acquisition funnel and we looking each other, well why these are all things we can land, just it is the nature of kind of what’s going on out there. But that’s kind of the range and I think we’ve got a shot and closing some of this year. At the same time I’m not like, if not a little bit close this year wouldn’t shopping.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Company: Fair enough. The second question is about your guidance, which I know you raised in excess of what you beat at least Street expectations by. I'm just wondering, though, if we look at the guidance, and we look at the second half of the year EPS, it looks like even at the high-end of your range, EPS in the third and fourth quarter looked like sub-10% EPS growth, and that would be something we haven't seen from you guys in a while. Are you holding something back there, Andy? Is there something that you are seeing out there that is bothering you? Is it a comp issue? All of the above? None of the above? Whatever you can help maybe that would be my second question.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Yes. I get your light, its just about 10% earnings growth for the back half of the year; we had a number of very strong discrete items in the first half of this year. And so if you just kind of look at second half versus first half we had a number of very strong discrete items. So I would say, the dispensing business is a big piece of it, the trailer business and fire was very strong. And you are just not going to see those two things happen and also as we look at the first part of 2015 that’s a reality that were going to comp against in the first part of 2015, because of some of those bigger things and we may fill those holes, and we may not by the nature of the businesses, but that’s really the biggest thing as I look at for the first half, second half. I don’t know Heath, your thoughts.
Heath A. Mitts:  Yes, thanks Andy. The other piece Scott is that the high end of our range in obviously the implied Q4 numbers as you come into were somewhere between 10% and maybe it creeps up to 11%. The fourth quarter specifically as you recall we had an anomaly in our tax rate last year where in we were down at 25% due to some very specific discrete items that was booked and favorable to IDEX in the fourth quarter of 2013 that we do not predict will recur this year. So that in and of itself is part of the Q4 problem.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC: Yes, definitely. Your second-half last year tax rates were definitely lower, as well. Okay, that is great. Thanks a lot.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from line of Charley Brady with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Charley D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets:  All right. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning, Charley.
Charles Brady – BMO Capital Markets: If we could just look at the corporate expense line for a second, I think last quarter on the call you talked about it kind of bumped up in that first quarter, and the thinking was run that out, maybe slight discount from Q1 for the rest of the year. It's obviously well below $18 million this quarter. Was there something in this quarter that maybe got pushed out, and so it ought to take a bump up, and we make it up in Q3 or Q4?
Heath A. Mitts: Charlie this is Heath. There is while things that run through that acquisition related expenses and the timing of those things and as we talked about it on the call in the first quarter, we did accelerate some investments for some internal systems investments, some of that came in well below budget, some of that is a little bit of timing issue, but I would project that if you are modeling that you would model a little bit higher than what we ran in the second quarter we ran over – a little over 15 million I would predicted it somewhere in the 16.5 range for the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Charley D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, that is helpful. Thanks. And Andy, I don't know if I missed it, but I don't think I heard you mention anything about Latin America. And I know it's not a huge piece to you guys, but anything going on down there for you?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  It’s not a big piece of business for us. I would say that the biggest stop that we do in Latin America tends to be at our energy business and then rescue and then dispensing. Those are three places that we tend to have the most exposure. It’s a tough place to do business and for most of the businesses that we are in, the two largest economies Mexico and Brazil have pretty unique issues themselves. Brazil is just a tough place to do business unless you are very, very local and we’ve been working that problem for a long time but it’s kind of got what I will call the first world cost structure and the Third World problems and so it’s tough nut to crack and comes with more risk than we like it sometime we still work it. Mexico is a good piece of business for us to generally, but the service principally added the U.S.
Charley D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets:  Right. Okay, thanks. And just one more on Aegis. Is your ongoing expense related to the deal, related to the acquisition – that is a headwind to margins going forward in the back half of this year? And maybe you can just talk about Aegis in terms of some of their revenue in geographic end market. Is it all U.S.? And as you look at that business – and I know it's a pretty small business kind of tucking in – but as you look at that, and you look at what you guys can invest in that; you talked about building something down in Texas, what kind of acceleration in growth of that business do you think you can get out of it over the next couple of years relative to where they have been prior to your ownership?
Heath A. Mitts: Why don't you tackle the cost side, and I will tackle the selling side? 
Charley D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Yes Charlie we incurred about $0.5 million or so in the second quarter related to the purchase price accounting activity with Aegis and we got it another roughly $800,000 in this third quarter that’s baked into our FMT thinking in our overall guidance specifically related to the asset step ups and write-downs.
Heath A. Mitts: And on the growth side we think Aegis can grow very fast so the team there has done a wonderful job of building that business they got terrific niche products it’s a wonderful platform to bring our Richter product line into the U.S they are highly complementary product lines going into the similar industries where we don’t have as much market penetration as Aegis had. So I think it does help us and you can accelerate growth there, but still even if you’re growing to 20% you are only talking about $3 million or $4 million top line growth. Now that being said, I think that business can grow at those kinds of rates that’s our expectation of that business. And we’ve asked them to certainly accelerate some of the investments they are making, they are very high-touch business and if you are going to see where they are located in Baton Rouge I mean you can throw a rock and hit their customers and that’s a big piece of what their business is about and they service the Houston region, but they are servicing it from Baton Rouge and so getting right in Houston being right next to that next piece of the customer base will help them accelerate growth.
Charley D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets:  All right great thanks guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is come from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul R. Knight – Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Andy, you had mentioned that you want to invest in China. Why is that? I love your color there and comment on Brazil.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Yes. I think when I look at the Chinese market its almost comical to think of how that commentary has changed in a couple of years and my view is one of a decade or more and the question is that should you be in those markets over the next 10-years? Are they going to have faster than global growth rates in the next 10-years or not? And I believe they are. The reality is though is that costs have gone up very substantially, you do have what I call is the overall political risk, but if I think about this, if you are willing to live with the volatility and you’re willing to be local that’s a place where business is going grow for us. We don’t have the same kind of risks that a lot of I’ll call it the OEM businesses have where the Chinese government is fundamentally investing in taking market share right, because we’re not at the kind of purchased points, we’re very high mix, very low volume, these are very difficult things to manage, they would rather build locomotives than they would build pumps to go on locomotives right. And so I feel comfortable that that will still be a business that’s good for us, albeit at materially different growth rate than we had two or three years ago, we’re growing 20%, 25% a year, I think its going to be a business that grows high singles to low double-digits for us.
Paul R. Knight – Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: The analytical instrument peers have indicated that bookings have approached as much as mid/upper teens in the second quarter, even though revenue was very weak to down. When would an analytical instrument cycle on orders for them translate into revenue for you?
Andrew K. Silvernail: You can see a 2-ish quarter GAAP depending upon how much inventory is in a channel. So, if inventories are correct I mean and I’m going to say inventory from them to us, right to the inventory between us that’s sitting in their shops. Just using a couple of quarter cycle that the only difference in that is a new product launch right, new product launch you’re going to see that’s ramp actually up ahead of them?
Paul R. Knight – Janney Capital Markets:  Thank you very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is comes from the line of Mark Douglas with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
D. Mark Douglas – Longbow Research LLC:  Hi, good morning gentlemen.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Hi, Mark.
D. Mark Douglas – Longbow Research LLC:  Andy, can you talk to ag? How relevant is it to FMT? And what kind of headwind are you looking at? I mean if you look at some of the OEM equipment guys, they are talking about – there's potential for a double-digit decline, certainly by the end of the year. Are you seeing the same type of headwinds?
Andrew K. Silvernail: So, let me cut into two piece. So, Banjo is about 4% or 5% of IDEX plus or minus, so you can kind of back end from there. It’s a great business for us, we grew in the second quarter our expectations are that actual business is going to be modestly up in the second half, very modestly up. And really because of what’s you are seeing on the industrial side. So, again about 30% of that business is industrial and about 40% of the total business is aftermarket. So, let me kind of break this into the pieces kind of why it’s relevant. If you actually look at the Ag side, I’m going to call Ag OEM piece of the business that is clearly already suffering there is no doubt about that and we expect that to be negative in the second half of the year and we expect probably to be negative in the early part of 2015. So that the industrial side was really strong, very strong double digit growth and plus 20% east it’s just somewhere in that range. So that’s really what made up for. So, we are experiencing what the industry is experiencing on the Ag capital equipment piece of it, there is no doubt about it. Albeit somewhat offset by new products. So, Banjo there is good as we get – in this company new product development. So you’re seeing that help that a little bit. And then also typically in this industry when you see the OEM side go down we are actually see the aftermarket side expand, because people although then buying new sprayers they have to that they still have got to replace that and so all those things get on the market you tend to have a little bit higher replacement cycle.
D. Mark Douglas – Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's very helpful. It is not the one-trick ag pony?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  No, it’s definitely not and really, we went through our quarterly reviews here, last week, week before and as we’re talking to them, we’re having a very honest discussion about 2015, and their goal is to offset any declines and still get growth in 2015. And I love the enthusiasm and it’s not just a hope and a prayer, you see the new product development cycle, you see the new channel development and so they are working it and I also love the fact that they are not putting their head in the stand, they have seen it all year, we started talking with them in the first quarter about where this was going and be prepared for it.
D. Mark Douglas – Longbow Research LLC:  Great. When you talked about transportation and BAND-IT, is that auto, truck, heavy truck, a combination of both?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It’s a combination. The stronger piece of the growth that we were seeing right now is really coming through some of the Tier-1 OEMs, because the business that we won several years ago right, and by the way we’re doing – we are only on really only one piece of one major OEM and so we’re trying to get on more platforms via those OEMs and we’re trying to get on other platforms. And as you might imagine these are for highly critical applications within auto and truck that you’re solving a very difficult fastening problem.
D. Mark Douglas – Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that is helpful. And then, finally, on this second-half growth expectations, I think you said last quarter you were thinking maybe 4% in the back half. It's probably closer to 5% now, Is that fair?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. is that right Heath.
Heath A. Mitts: Yes, I’m the guidance for the year is 5% to 67% for the full-year and we are at 6% at the midpoint, so the math would tell you that where we need to be.
D. Mark Douglas – Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Thank you Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Jim Giannakouros with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.:  Good morning guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning Jim.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.:  I had thought that you previously said the water muni market was thawing a bit, but today's comments were more about your teams just picking their spots more successfully, driving your results. Can you remind us or just give us your updated thoughts on what exactly you are seeing there? Is it the better budget backdrop that might be improving there for the second half and into 2015? Or you're just not seeing it yet, and it's more maintenance and smaller project type of spend?
Heath A. Mitts:  It’s definitely, so what you’re seeing is you’re seeing some – a little bit pent-up demand on the maintenance side and on what I call the have to that you are still kind of required federally or locally to execute on, we’re seeing some money release there and we’ve been seeing it for a quite long-time now the number of RFQs increasing. So there has been positive sign there for a while, what I would say is really specifically to break our water business down. If you can look at two pieces that we are seeing really nice performance on. One which is the ADS side of it for them that the wins have come down to the strategic choice to focus on a very specific segment of the market but we think, we’re highly differentiated and they have aggressively moved sales, marketing and product development resources around on this very specific segment. And I won’t talk about it just because competitive nature of it, any further than that and we are seeing really nice wins out of there. And then if you look at – actually look at our iPEK brand which is based out of Austria it’s a new product development story. And so they have had – they took a serious of products that were getting I call them aged and expensive and they have brought it down to a single platform that has a better cost position and much better margin profile and vastly superior competitive profile and they have won a lot of nice business this year with that iPEK brand and so that’s been one of the best stories with an IDEX.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.:  Got it. That's helpful. And I'm sorry if I missed it, but on the organic order growth that you saw in FSD. And you cited that rescue was particularly strong. Can you rank order, I guess, the drivers of that 17% number between the other sources of strength that you cited also, dispensing and BAND-IT?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Yes, rescue is definitely number one. That’s a pretty lumpy business. So if you think about that business you end up with a lot of book-and-term business out of small municipalities around the world right that’s kind of base business. And then you tend to get large orders from countries actually, so you will see as an example early last year you saw some really big chunks of business and year before coming out of China where they won large RFQs. This quarter it was a very large order out of the Middle East and so that was the big piece of the overall win. The second thing it really comes down to BAND-IT very, very strong order growth, there you wouldn’t put it one thing except for the auto piece that I talked about, but they were stronger really across their business and so by the way that’s a good sign BAND-IT is one of our – one of the bellwethers that we look at for overall main it was stronger in the U.S but it is global too, but kind of what’s happening in the underlying economy that’s a good sign there. And then I would say that dispensing was also pretty solid from an order perspective. From a sales perspective -- actually, from the sales perspective it was fire. So fire these are orders that we got a quarter or two quarters ago for the trailers and that was really the strongest piece of that and then dispensing still had pretty strong sales growth right so weren’t going to comping against a big piece of business, but a pretty nice business on there. Jim. Operator?
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll move on to the next question which is coming from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Giordano – Cowen and Company, LLC: Hi, guys thanks for taking the call.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Hey Joe.
Joseph Giordano – Cowen and Company, LLC: Just a couple of questions. First, on the diversified segment, we touched on it before. Last quarter you called out the big dispensing order, and this quarter your strength in rescue, and things like that. Is this kind of like – should we stop being surprised by whether it is strength in dispensing, or whether it is something else? Is this like a run rate that we should start thinking about for this segment?
Heath A. Mitts:  It’s a little high and these are again these are pretty discrete things right you can put your finger on something discrete and in the last two or three quarters like you know in the last four quarters we've had a number of these things, but also it can go the other way on you and so you know I think its been abnormally strong, but this is the one part of our business that’s more lumpy and that’s just vitality and we don’t have a lot of lumpiness and we've had a lot of things go our way here for the last year.
Joseph Giordano – Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And maybe on Aegis, I know you get a little more visibility now into those Gulf chemical projects as a result. I’m Just curious -- I'm guessing most of the offerings there are more somewhat on the shorter cycle, but what are you seeing in terms of some of the longer-cycle products going into those facilities, even if it's not stuff that you are specifically on, but as a leading indicator to how it would be for how the projects are moving in general, and as it was leading for you guys?
Heath A. Mitts: So from there where we would look is we kind of look in three places, we would look at Viking business, we look at the new programs that are coming through Aegis and therefore kind of what we’re seen at rector too, so we’ve got a pretty good view on where demand is going to go and its going to be strong right I think you’re going to see a pretty strong cycle here for the foreseeable future probably kicking in mostly and as we get into the next year. 
Joseph Giordano – Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. I appreciate it guys. Thanks a lot.
Heath A. Mitts: You bet Joe. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our final question for today is come from the line of Walter Liptak with Global Hunter Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC:  Hi, thanks good morning guys. I made the cut. There is a question that you kind of got close to answering that I wanted to ask about: just the revenue growth. You mentioned the organic is 6% year-to-date; your orders were up 7%; and then the organic guide is 5% to 6%. Can you just address that?
Heath A. Mitts: Well, we are break into couple of pieces. Once orders were up – were sales were up 6% year-to-date. Right orders were up 7% in the quarter. So, you are kind of break that and make sure we put those in the right buckets. And we think that the back half of the year kind of looks pretty similar into the first half in terms of overall sales growth in that 5% to 6%.
Walter S. Liptak – Global Hunter Securities, LLC: Okay. It implies a little bit of deceleration. I guess is that on a tough comp, or is it because of FMT?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, as part of it Walter of course one of that in Q1, we get the large dispensing order that had a significant impact on the Q1 numbers that obviously the big quarters is not recur in the second half.
Heath A. Mitts: Yeah we did what 9% organic sales growth – 8% of the sales growth in the first quarter or in the second. It’s just the fixed and we think that kind of levels to step out here in the back half.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay, got it. And on the FMT part of the business, I'm wondering a little bit about how you get – how does it get communicated to IDEX when projects push to the right? Is it through distributors? Or is it through E&Cs and these chemical and energy projects that have just pushed a little bit?
Andrew K. Silvernail: You kind of gets broken it into a couple of buckets. One is somebody is delaying the actual receipt and that’s going to be expensive to builder it’s right. So, if E&C is doing it terrific, if it’s being done buy, if it’s a more book in term piece of business for large big piece it may come directly from the distributor or customer. Other side is people who we have some a meaningful amount of cash, cash in advance and if we don’t get it, we don’t ship it and that’s the nature of it. So, we saw a little bit of both in the second quarter.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. I guess the question is: what is your visibility on the pickup or the turn as these projects start getting released? I'm hearing you say 2015?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It’s pretty good, we know what’s being build generally we know what the build schedules are and we generally know where we fall into that build schedule and so you can sometimes you can't even pick the month. Generally you can pick the quarter, when you think it’s going to happen. And when they’re delays you tend to see that pretty quickly. We are far enough down in the chain that we are not the first – we are not the first person notified. but we are also not the first person going in. So, we tend to get visibility relatively early, when we’re “surprise” it’s were something was scheduled to shift late in the quarter and you find out week two, week three that something is an example isn’t going to pay, that not going to pay in this quarter. And so that’s where we kind to get “surprised”. And that doesn’t happen very often, but in those businesses where you do have some relatively large programs and we’re talking about programs that are $1 million to $5 million, we’re not talking about programs that are $10 million or $20 million, so take it for the size of its work. Pretty unusual but it does happened.
Walter S. Liptak – Global Hunter Securities, LLC:  Okay, got it. Okay thanks for the color.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Thanks Walter.
Operator: Thank ladies and gentlemen we have reach the end of our question-and-answer session, I would now like to the floor back over to management for any additional concluding comments.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Jessie, thank you very much. And thank you everybody for joining us on the call today. Obviously, we’re very happy with our results and we feel very, very good about our repositioning and mostly and throughout for the team, they’ve done a great job that the leaders at IDEX all the people within IDEX have done a very, very nice job of again make in our own luck and performing for our customers and performing for our owner, but also really performing for the teammates and I think it’s nice estimate to the culture. So thank you all very much and we will talk to you soon. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. And you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Heath Mitts - SVP and CFO Andy Silvernail - President and CEO
Analysts:  Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird Nathan Jones - Stifel Scott Graham - Jefferies Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities Matt McConnell - Citi Research Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Paul Knight - Janney Capital Markets Charley Brady - BMO Capital  Joseph Giordano - Cowen Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Bryan Kipp - Janney Capital Markets  
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kili, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I’d like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call for IDEX Corporation. (Operator Instructions) Thank you, I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Heath Mitts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. You may begin, sir.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX first quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our Company’s financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending March 31, 2014. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our Company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Andy providing a summary of the first quarter financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally we will wrap up with our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2014. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay, beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll-free number (855) 859-2056 and entering conference ID 30411379 or simply log on to our Company's homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder: This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andy Silvernail. Andy?
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, good morning everybody. I appreciate you joining us here for our discussion on the first quarter results. Before I get into the results and the financials in the segments, I want to talk a little bit about how we’re doing against our strategy. As you recall, we outlined three major strategic priorities that we’re going to talk about here this morning. Accelerating organic growth, executing around our core customers and products and then really improving our capital deployment and then also I’m going to take a few minutes and talk about what we’re seeing around the world. Our first strategic priority -- last quarter, I took some time and mentioned that we seen a build in organic revenue, organic order growth and we’re seeing that really play out here in the first quarter. We saw some buildup in the order rates at the end of 2013 and I’m pleased to say that we delivered 8% organic growth in the quarter. We’ve seen the benefits of focusing in on these segments, our core customers and our products that we’ve been pulling more and more resources over the few years against. It’s also important to note that of the 8% organic sales growth in the first quarter, it was lifted by about 4 points from the conversion of the large dispensing order that we had from the third quarter of last year. We originally thought that that order was going to happen balanced between the first and the second quarter. In reality the vast majority of it was pulled forward by our customer and that we shifted in the first quarter. So that certainly helped the first quarter organic growth rates. I’m very proud of how the dispensing team did there. They executed flawlessly. We got a customer up and running and the team there was just thrilled with what they’ve accomplished. Because what we’re seeing in our ability to execute, we are raising the low end of our organic growth rate to 4% and we now estimate they will be about 4% to 5% to the full year and we’re increasing our guidance because of this from 338 to 345. If you look at our second priority, which is executing around our core customers and products, this is a really good story. We’ve seen that improvement and growth is really not so much due to markets but due to our execution. We’ve had an internal mantra, make our own luck and we’ve really done just that and for the few years we’ve been segmenting our markets and our customers more deeply. We put more resources on our best opportunities and we’ve really driven profit improvement in places that historically lag. The aggressive segmentation that we’ve been doing has been supported very strong operational execution where we’ve really focused to deliver value to our customers in terms of quality, reliability, and service. All these efforts really continue to drive very, very strong profitable growth with very strong high incremental flow through rates. And in the first quarter, we saw that come through at about 39% and flow through to the operating profit line. Our third priority is around capital deployment and really supporting the two priorities is fully funding our organic growth and our organic initiatives. And during 2013 and now continuing in 2014, we’ve made a number of targeted investments to ensure that our platforms can continue to grow. We’ve put money into people, channels, products, and operations and just a few examples that we talked about in the past, but I think are worth reinforcing, we’re opening up a production facility to support our specialty seals business in Houston in the oil and gas markets. We’re doubling the size of our India facility, which has had outstanding demand and this really supports multiple business lines. We’ve been winning new business and market share in our Scientific Fluidics and our Ag platforms and also we’ve had this really great story in our Fire Suppression business where we have one new business in power production facilities around the trailer business. We’ve been able to fund these organic growth initiatives because we’ve really had very, very good productivity and we expect that to continue in the future. After maximizing these organic growth investments, we said we’re going to layout our strategy of putting money into strategic acquisitions first, share repurchases and dividends. And let me catch on the latter first. We increased our dividend rate by 22% here recently and we’re very excited about the ability to continue to grow that dividend rate. We also continue our share repurchase program and we anticipate about a net 1% from this effort. And we’re seeing an improvement in our overall M&A funnel. So although we didn’t announce any deals in the first quarter, we are seeing some improvement in our M&A funnel and we feel good about 2014. Now let me take minute and just talk about what we’re seeing around the world. In North America demand continues to be very positive. And also importantly, our short cycle businesses have demonstrated two consecutive quarters of nice expansion and that gives us some encouragement here as we head into the second quarter. China, which is on the forefront of everybody’s mind, it’s really -- continue to be choppy. We see growth one month and then slowdown in the next. And so while we’re still very committed to that region, as I said in the past we’re going to have leave with the volatility that’s just inherent in that part of the world. Europe continues to have a positive trend and I expect that to continue unless something is blunted by what we’re seeing in the activities in Eastern Europe. And then the emerging markets which really offer great opportunity -- it’s very similar to the story in China, which is you have to be one to deliver the opportunity and make your bets over the very, very long term. So excellent long term prospects that I would say is in the last quarter or two. The growth has been slower frankly than in the developed world. Overall, the outlook is positive with a few pockets of concern. It’s important to remember that in a primarily -- we have a short cycle business and so we don’t have a lot of backlog to look forward into the year, but what we’re seeing right now makes us feel pretty good. With that let me turn to our results. I’m now on Slide 4. For the first quarter, we have revenue of $544 million is up 10%, 8% organically, which really an exceptional start to the year. Operating margins were 20.9% which is up 170 basis points year-over-year and this improvement is driven by a combination of productivity, volume leverage and also some good pretty mix across our platforms. The results that we’ve highlighted and really been improved, we’ve seen a great performance by our Fluid & Metering which had a 260 basis point improvement in margin and also had to diversify which had a 360 basis points expansion in margin. I’ll get into that in a more in a second when we talk about the segments. But you know really outstanding results. We did see backlog decrease by about $7 million in the quarter but this was really due to finishing that dispensing order earlier than we thought and when you back that out, we still feel pretty good about where we stand in terms of backlog going into the second quarter. EPS was $0.91, which is up 23% from last year. With that let’s turn to the segments. I am now on Slide 5. And we’ll start with the discussion of Fluid & Metering. The first quarter results were very strong and really demonstrated a sustained growth in organic orders and sales which were up about 5%. Operating margins as I mentioned a moment ago, expanded by 260 basis points. We saw a combination of really very good productivity improvements in market growth. And especially this would have been led by energy and fuels platform and that team just continues to do a great job. If you look at energy and fuels they are two big items that really made the quarter for us. One is the strength of dealing in truck deals in the North America retrofits business. And second there was larger than anticipated fuel consumption as I extended winter played out and that really drove some activity in the end markets in the LPG area, around those OEMs. If you look at the water service business, that’s another good story. Municipal spending continues to improve. We are seeing some improvement spend generally in those markets. The demand has been, pretty decent in the U.S. in Japan and Europe really around share gains more than anything else. But it’s a good story there too. And that came really -- it continue to do a nice job of capturing share by offering tremendous service and a product part offering. In particular we’ve seen a series of nice new products come out of that business and some excellent commercial execution. In the Ag world, the Banjo team continues to do a nice job. We are very aware of what’s been happening in that external market. We said last quarter that we thought we had a pretty good view of how the year was going to play out based on making it through the first quarter. And we think we’ll hit our numbers generally but we are aware of the softness that’s out there and that team is certainly preparing contingencies and they really demonstrate the ability to execute with new products, entering new markets. So we feel pretty good about that. And also in our chemical Food & Process in in our diaphragm and dosing businesses, again solid quarter out of all those teams. Let’s move now to Slide 6, to Health & Science, again solid overall growth. We had sales growth, orders are up about 6%, sales up 5% and we saw margins expand begin up 70 basis points to 19.4%. The benefits of the cost and actions from the fourth quarter, combined with very nice execution in order momentum at the end of 2013, really helped deliver nice quarter for HST. A few highlights here. Really two things stood out, Scientific Fluidics business and material process technologies. The Scientific Fluidics business has been on a role. They’ve won consistently for five quarters with expanding orders of sales growth. It had improving markets generally, but even more importantly, they are grabbing share in markets that continue to be actually decent markets, but really nice job in new products type this year, new channels and an excellent geographic penetration. If you look at our material process technology business, that as you know is a little bit longer cycle business. Their order rates really picked up, as we have started looking at the end of last year and in this year, and that’s going to convert in the second half of 2014. So that team did a nice job. The other parts of HST are also doing well, but I don’t want to pick of those two highlights. All right, I am on our final segment, it’s diversified, I’m on Slide 7. Really just a great quarter. We had sales up 22%, driven principally by that large Dispensing order that we talked about. However, if you take that out, the Dispensing business still grew mid-single digits. So we are seeing nice core sales growth. And the operating margins for the whole segment increased by 360 basis points in the quarter. So really, really a nice job across the board. Again, if we look at Dispensing, even with that order taken out, we have seen that team did a nice job of filling their core business. The U.S. core business is expanding. Europe has picked up off the bottom there. So that’s a good story. And also we’ve seeing real strength in our X-SMART launch. As you recall the new product that we launched here a year or so ago has continued to gain traction. So really nice job across the board with the Dispensing team. The Fire Suppression group, the story here is really three things. Number one, continuity of benefits of the operational execution and facility consolidations we did here last here. Number two, nice wins in the emerging markets with our portables business. And then number three, as we talked about, really a whole new segment that they’ve developed in the power production facilities with the trailer business. Finally our rescue business, that’s actually is one business that been a little bit slow. We have seen tightness of money. And if we look in Asia and China in particular, there has been some tightness of money in terms of spend, on some large projects, and we were competing against some pretty tough comps here in the first quarter. But generally I feel very good that that team will see improvement here as we head into the second half. All right, we’ll now turn to Slide 8, and let’s talk about the second quarter and full year guidance. For the second quarter we think the EPS is going to be $0.85 to $0.87. Organic revenue growth will be about 4% and operating margins will be right around 20%. In Q2 we are expecting tax rate to pick up sequentially to above 30%. For the full year, as I mentioned earlier, we’re increasing our guidance to be in the range of 338 to 345, with organic revenue of approximately 4% to 5% for the full year. And again we expect operating margin to exceed 20%. As always, a few other modeling items just for you to consider. The full-year tax rate is anticipated to be 29% to 29.5%. Full-year CapEx around $40 million to $45 million and free cash flow will be somewhere between 120% and 125% of net income. As always, this includes any impact of acquisitions, either to the benefits or the costs.  So with that, let me stop now and I will turn it over to the operator for any questions that you have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird:   On the corporate expense line, could you just go over why the spike in the quarter on the corporate expense line, if there is any diligence-related costs there, and then, what the right run rate looks like going forward? 
Heath Mitts: Mike, this is Heath. The spike in that number really comes from a couple of different things. One is some diligence-related activity for potential acquisitions in the future, is one driver. There were some legal costs that we booked, for both for that as well as for some environmental activity going on, and the third driver was compensation-related expense related to equity. So the run rate going forward, I would say run it out of the debt right around $18 million a quarter, it think is a good number.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird: And then, so flattish from where we were this quarter, maybe slightly down?  
Heath Mitts: Correct.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then on the timing of the dispensing order, obviously in the prepared remarks you talked about how the majority of that was pulled in to the first quarter. Could you just help us talk about what the right run rate on the margin line looks there -- looks like there? It feels like you have stripped out a lot of the large orders and something kind of more standard run rate stuff from here, but a little help there would be great.
Andy Silvernail: Let me -- I’ll touch on a couple of things, perhaps you know; I’ll let Heath talk a little bit more about the specifics on the margin. Two things really happened there on that order. Number one, the customer just came and said, can we accelerate this, and can we pull it forward, so we can have it in place for the holidays. Usually any of these large orders that come through, they want to be well in place before Memorial Day, and we had the supply chain and the capability to pull it forward and so we’re able to do that. So that’s kind of the number one. Number two, when you look at the fill of the base business, a good story there is we are seeing nice fill in the base business. So even though that large order -- our business -- we're going to have to scope the business downward after that large order goes, the fill rate has been pretty good, and that team did a great job of going into that order knowing that we had to have a very flexible model. So we didn’t add any real fix costs to get that order out. What that means however, though is that -- there was a very high contribution margin, there’s no doubt about it, right. Because we didn’t add a lot of fix cost to that. And the strategy in that business now is to -- is around that highly flexible model that can scale up and down, as we see some of these bigger things. So that’s kind of -- that’s an overview of that order and we expect going forward [indiscernible].
Heath Mitts: For modeling purposes Mike, I would recommend using whatever you want to use for that segment’s organic revenue growth. The flow through on that for the next few quarters will be in a 35% range. So depending on what you want to use for the organic revenue growth. So, yes, we’re not going to run at 28% every quarter obviously with -- in a more normalized state, but we’ll still be in the low to mid 20s -- mix plays in there as well.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird: No. That makes lot of sense. Okay. That’s helpful. And then lastly, just want to understand the mechanics behind the guidance here. If I look at the full year guidance relative to where the first and the second quarter coming out, do your obviously looking on average at quarter run rates that are below what the 2Q median would look like, if I can comment what your second quarter guidance. So maybe you could just talk about some of the puts and takes as we move to the second half of the year, whether there are some demand concerns, it doesn’t sound it, mix pressures or any kind of one off type things that are rolling through?
Andy Silvernail: Our view on the second half really hasn’t changed much, if you just kind of think about the underlying business. What I’d say is -- the guidance in terms of both organic growth rate and where we’re taking it up have to do with pulling that one order forward and then seeing work on modest base improvement and that’s why we took the bottom end of it up. And so, if you look at it how the guidance forms, it’s really based on looking at a 4% organic in the back half of the year, and so it’s not really weaker than the first half here, except that you don’t have the larger, that one larger order in there. So that’s the mechanic, if I thought about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones - Stifel: If I could focus in a little bit on the SMP orders, there has been, over the last couple of quarters very little organic growth there. Can you provide some more color on, kind of, what’s holding that down a little bit?
Andy Silvernail: You know, we’re not really worried about that. Those things can be a little bit more lumpy depending upon where we are. The first quarter of last year was very strong, if you recall the order book of first quarter of last year. And the book to bill is still very, very solid. So we’re not particularly worried about that. The -- as we look at the pipeline that’s coming through the funnel, the order rates, I would say they are definitely going to end the year in that 4% to 5% range.
Nathan Jones - Stifel: In the 4% to 5% organic revenue growth range?
Andy Silvernail:  Yeah. Somewhere in that range.
Nathan Jones - Stifel: Okay. So roughly in line with where you were in the first quarter for the year?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. There’s no reason, if we look at our order book going into the second quarter, like all of our business, we don’t carry a lot of backlog, but the pieces that we have good visibility to have been -- we feel comfortable with. The other thing that makes us a feel little more comfortable is, the really short cycles. So the book and churn business, the day rate business that’s coming out of U.S. distribution, as everyone knows on the call that’s something that can be a little bit lumpy. And we have seen that steady out over the last couple of quarters. So that gives us some confidence too.
Nathan Jones - Stifel: Make sense. On the other hand, you have seen some quite significant improvement in orders in the HST business. Should we expect to that manifest as accelerating growth as we go through the year?
Andy Silvernail: No, I think, what -- if you see there -- if you parse it out, if you look at scientific fluidics, optic and photonics and sealing, those are kind of right in line with what we’ve seen -- what we’ve seen and what we had expected. And the real variance here has been some really strong bookings at a material process technology. And that will ship in a back half of the year and even some into the first quarter of next year.
Nathan Jones - Stifel: So we should maybe see a little bit to better growth in the second half?
Andy Silvernail: Well, yes, it the material process technology but they had a pretty weak fourth quarter last year. That was pretty soft. So they’ll feel that in. And the other pieces I think will hold steady.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Hey. So I wanted to may be ask previous question a different way. I think you answered sort of a full year guidance question, relative to organic growth. And I just maybe want to, hoping that you would add on the earnings growth side, because the top end of your EPS guidance, start to put the numbers together, it looks like fairly meaningful slowdown in earnings growth that you’re expecting for the second half of the year. And maybe its conservatism and I think we all certainly get that but, it’s a pretty meaningful step down. So I was hoping you can give us some color on that?
Andy Silvernail: We had incrementals coming out of the dispensing order here in the first quarter right. We would still expect to deliver at the kind of rates that we’ve always communicated, because we’re kind of seeing you know, productivity and what not. I would say that there’s a little bit of conservatism on a margin rate. We do also have -- you remember last year in the fourth quarter we only had 25% tax rate, and that’s going to be more in that 29 to 30 range. So we had some pretty discrete items. I can let Heath talk to it. But that’s going to hit that a little bit. And also we continue to make reinvestments and either the way I look at it is we want to continue to reinvest in our businesses aggressively, and we’re at a position where we have an opportunity to do that. Heath, anything you want to talk about in the margins.
Heath Mitts:  No, I would say, we will reserve the right to adjust the 90 days as we see appropriate, but given amount of backlog that we hold formally and where we see things, we want to make sure that we’re cautious in terms of our outlook in second half. 
Scott Graham - Jefferies: The second question is simple. You guys in the press release and in your statements here have been a little bit more upbeat on the acquisition pipeline than you have been in quite some time, as I remember. So I was just kind of wondering, Andy, if you can give us a little bit more on why that incremental plus, and are you -- do you think you're getting closer to the finish line on a couple? Is it things in the $50 million to $100 million variety, below that, above that? Anything you can give us would be helpful, thanks.
Andy Silvernail: The improvement is really, I guess the more upbeat tone -- it is not because we have anything big that’s imminent - that’s going to drop tomorrow or anything like that that's substantive. But it's more of -- we started putting more resources into our platforms for business development starting about 18 months ago. And what we’re seeing happen Scott, is just an improvement of funnel from, frankly more feet on the street and an improvement in cultivation. And so if we put together a combined strategy of putting more feet out there, closer to the marketplace, really still looking around this $25 million to $200 million range, that sweet spot. There are a few bigger things out there that we’re looking at, but our sweet spot continues to be in that range. And then the second part, as a number of you know, we started building an acquisition integration team here also about that same time. And we feel like we have the capacity to start to move that ball a little faster. That being said, as everyone knows, right these things, right down to the finish line, they can fall through or they can come through. And so in the last year or so we’ve had a number of things that we got to the finish line on and didn’t happen. And as we look at the balance of 2014, we have a little bit better funnel and hopefully we’ll start to see some more activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak-Cusic with Wells Fargo Securities 
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: Just following on that comment in terms of Scott’s comment on the M&A side, is there any specific area where you guys feel like you’re more weighted in the funnel at this point? Maybe segment oriented? 
Andy Silvernail: It’s actually, it’s pretty balanced between FMT and HST. The places that we have set are going to be our priorities around in FMT have been around energy and the chemical area. It’s been an area of focus. And we consistently said that we wanted to build out around agriculture, although that’s been a tough one over the last few years to do. So those were the kind of the three areas in FMT. When you look at HST, scientific fluidics, optics and photonics, and seals really have been our areas of focus. And so those are the areas that we’re really putting the most energy on. And it really gives us Allison, the ability to arbitrage the market a little bit, as multiples kind of move one way or the other in any one of those segments. We can, even when the market is moving and it has been as strong as it’s been can hopefully put ourselves into a position where we can buy at little bit better multiples than are out there, kind of generally in the marketplace.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: That's great. And then, just in terms of the end markets, it sounded like you were certainly a lot more positive in certain lines. Is there any more that's maybe moving the other way or could be that you are concerned about, or is it just more geographically focused in that respect? 
Andy Silvernail: I see two things, one of each. The first one is on the Ag side. I think we have not experienced the slowdown yet that kind of everybody is worried about. We saw some overall commodity prices improved a little bit and therefore net farm income, just modestly recently. At the same time, the drought in California hasn't helped anybody. There is no doubt about that and so, I’m cautious about that one but at the same time I feel very, very good about the team that we have there, and their ability to grow organically in and out of the cycle. So that’s I guess one. The other one is, I still -- and I’ve said this for the last few quarters. I’m tepid on what's going on in China. That’s been pretty volatile, and we have seen that unevenness of business here for quite sometime and so I have some concern around that. We’re still investing in we’re going to continue to invest because they are very important markets to us, but we have to be willing to live with the volatility there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell with Citi Research.
Matt McConnell - Citi Research: Just on the second-quarter guidance, you are assuming a little bit of a margin step down, one. I know the trend would normally be for that to go up just a little bit. Is that exclusive to the Fire Safety and Diversified segment?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, and really exclusive to the incremental margins of the dispensing order, right. And that’s a big number and that came through at nice incremental margins because of the nature of the very flexible model they put in place. And also you’re going to see tax rate creep up a little bit here in the second quarter.
Matt McConnell - Citi Research: Okay. Even like in FMT, the margin was nice, above 25%, but that wouldn’t be part of the sequential compression?
Andy Silvernail: Really, if you look at generally around FMT and HST, the only times you see kind of those big swings quarter-to-quarter are typically due to mix, right. And now that water has improved its overall margin profile. The real mover on there tends to be Ag, because Banjo has some seasonality to it and is pretty high incremental margins, so that’s where you’d see the move quarter-to-quarter. Over in HST the margin on an incremental basis is pretty consistent through those businesses. So you generally it’s going to more follow volume and then occasionally depending upon your ability, you might win few projects here and there specifically around Material Process technology that might shift mix slightly.
Matt McConnell - Citi Research: Okay, great. And switching gears just a little bit, on some of the growth investments that you highlighted at the start of the call, and we’ve been hearing on the floor, maybe a year or six quarters, what’s the lead time in when those actually drive incremental sales? Like is there a way to quantify what you’re seeing out of those investments? Like where are you in the process of the investments translating to incremental revenue?
Andy Silvernail: So, there are some things that take a really long time to gestate. So as an example, if you just look at the product development lifecycles in HST as an example, you tend to see -- that’s a long gestation period. That can be two to three years frankly. When you look at the channel related things, that can be a year and so some of the channel related activity that we’ve done in diversified and some of the channel related activity that we’ve done in FMT, we’re definitely seeing benefits of. I can give a couple of examples I think in our water business as an example. We restructured that business and we didn’t put incremental resources in there, but we certainly aggressively segmented and move resources. And some of the growth that we’ve seen in new product and in new areas of business have been attributed to that and then in FMT we’ve been very aggressive about moving resources into the Middle East and also into Asia specifically for our rector business and those are things that have had faster gestation than say that two or three year of period, but I’d say on average it’s kind of 12 to 18 months. And we are seeing a little of now, there is no doubt. We’re seeing a little bit of it now and I would say as we get into the backend of this year more importantly into 2015, I’m hoping that we see more benefits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: First, Andy, with respect to your municipal-oriented business and pertaining to water, are you seeing a step-function improvement in that business? Are you seeing loosening of capital budgets or just mandatory stuff that has been delayed so long it just has to get done?
Andy Silvernail: There is definitely more money out there. I wouldn’t say it’s not. The floodgates haven’t opened up, but I will say I think the money -- the municipal monies have come probably six months quicker than I’ve thought they were going to. As you know on the last couple of calls I’ve said that it was kind of 12 to 18 month cycle from when they see improvements in tax receipts to budget increases. And we’re seeing that little bit faster I think. So there is some loosening of purse strings. And then it kind of relates some of the things that have been on the shelf here really since the financial crisis. There is probably some pent-up demand that’s out there. I don’t want to overstate it though. It’s not a huge number, but it is improvement definitely. On the European side, that’s really been more about new products and some share shift. And so it really is bifurcated between what I’ll call a true improving in market in the U.S. and in Europe where we’ve just executed better I think and had some nice new products.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: Just another follow-up just on the M&A environment as you guys see it. If you look across FMT and HST, what would you say right now in your funnel would be the average type of EBITDA multiples you are looking at?
Andy Silvernail: Average is a tough one, Matt. And the reason I say that is and I’ll give you -- how about I give you a range? I’m going to say 7 to 10 is kind of the range and it really kind of depends on the situation. As you know, getting to that 10 size, you got to really clearly understand how you’re going to drive value pretty quickly. But I’d say generally it’s kind of - if I were to tighten that range it’s kind of 8 to 9. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital Markets: The health and science segment, is it chromatography, is it the broader strength in the market, what’s behind the five quarters in a row of the improved order rate?
Andy Silvernail: Three things, number one the market generally has improved. So the analytic range for market driven by I’d say improvements in you see pressure come off from the NIH spending. You’ve seen some improvement in capital spend from a number of our customers in some geographic improvements. So I’d a piece of its market. A second piece of it is around, you are seeing definitely a new product cycle. This is an industry, whether it’s the analytical instrument or the diagnostics industry, you’re seeing some improvement. You will see kind of a two to three year product cycles and we are in the midst of the start of a new product cycle that will last couple of years. So that’s a piece of it. And then the final part is there is real growth around in the biotech side, in the genome sequencing. That’s the piece of the business that’s improving. And then I guess the last entity is I think we are winning share. As I look at what we’re doing on new platforms that are being launched and the dollars per instrument that we’re associated with, we’re seeing that improve.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital Markets: And what are your thoughts about acquisitions in the area where you are more directly interfacing with the end market instead of the OEM world? 
Andy Silvernail: We don’t want to compete with our good customers. That’s not something we want to do. We’re really-really comfortable in the component and the subsystem area, and then in the instrument area where, frankly it’s really a component of a larger process. So we’re not going to move, you’re not going to see us move aggressively up market and compete with our customers.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Charley Brady with BMO Capital. 
Charley Brady - BMO Capital : Just on FMT, and kind of I just want to go back to the organic growth outlook to make sure I understand it here, because you are facing a couple quarters here in terms of the orders, pretty tough comps from second quarter, third quarter last year going into second and third quarter this year, and you did 1% this year. You did minus 1% in Q4. Is the 5% organic growth rate here in the first quarter -- was that longer lead stuff that was driving that, because in my mind I would have thought that some of the more near-term, last quarter, fourth quarter, order numbers would have fed into this quarter a little bit more, maybe the organic growth rate wouldn't have been that high, and I guess I'm trying to square that up with your organic outlook going forward, given that orders are -- unless you are thinking that orders are really going to match the pace of a year ago and I'm missing something, it sounds like that’s going to tick down at least for a couple quarters.
Andy Silvernail: Really if you look at it, part of it is comps. I’m talking of the first half of the year, its comps. We did have some stuff, there was a little bit longer cycle, that came out. At the same time last year we saw some of our leaders and some of the businesses that had historically not been leaders in that area, and our expectation is some of our bigger brands, our Viking, our Warren Rupp brands, that didn’t have really great second halves last year. Because if you look at their order book, are poised to do pretty well and have some of that facing related to the U.S. industrial markets that we’ve seen improve. And so at same time, I think the water business is continuing to sequentially improve, and we don’t see a big downside in Ag yet. So that’s what gives us a level confidence that for the year we’ll end up with sales that are in that kind of 4% to 5% -- 3% to 5% range. 
Charley Brady - BMO Capital: Can you remind us how much Ag is of FMT?
Andy Silvernail: It’s around 12% -- 10% to 12%. And it’s the one-piece that moves kind of quarter-to-quarter in a meaningful way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joseph Giordano with Cowen.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen: I just wanted to ask a question on FMT real quick, on the margin expansion there. How would you categorize that mix versus volume?
Andy Silvernail: You know, a good piece of it was volume, but more importantly I think -- I'm going to call productivity. FMT has done a really, really good job over the last year here of improving overall productivity. And some of our bigger places, our bigger engines, I’ll use to Viking as the example, have done a nice job of driving activity through their entire value chain. So you see that happening. The other part is that the water business, we’re still -- we’re just starting to -- at the back half of the year we’ll finally lap the improvement that we’re seeing there. And that’s been a really meaningful shift, in terms of overall profitability. So it’s not so much, just generally the volume, although the volume helps. We had nice incremental margins there. But specifically, I would hang my hat on productivity, number one. And number two, we’re still seeing the nice comparables for our water business.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen: So I guess that kind of leads into the next question, then. You guys have been successful with productivity for a bit now, so how would you say that success has maybe changed your view on portfolio potential overall, ex-M&A, going forward? 
Andy Silvernail: We have said even back a year or so ago, we have said that we thought this was business that could to the low 20s in operating profit, and I would say that our confidence is rising that we can over the next two, three, four, five years, there is more headroom to that than maybe we thought and part of it right is having that sense of what is the full potential of your businesses and even if a business is very profitable how do you continue to drive that and segmentation played a big role in that and you more aggressively segment within a platform with a business, even within a product line, and you really start to feed the winners and frankly starve the losers. You can see a nice overall improvement in your profitability and growth rates.
Joseph Giordano - Cowen: So I mean, is -- not for a near term, but do you guys think if you stay on this path, you can get to something like a 25% without M&A as markets improve and you guys continue to invest the way you are investing?
Andy Silvernail: It’s too early to make that call. If we get consistently into the low 20s, I think we can rethink that then.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Global Hunter.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: I wanted to ask just a follow-on on the dispensing business and maybe you can provide some color on just what inning do you think we are in the cycle for customer refresh, slow refresh? And I guess based on the guidance, we’re not expecting another big order this year, but I wonder if you could tell us what you heard from your customers?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I’d actually break this into two pieces, Wal. First one is on the refresh what we tend to see is every two-three years, we tend to see that cycle happen. The last couple of years, that’s been compressed because it got held off few years before that. So we’re not expecting to see these mega orders so to speak over the next year to 18 months. Our planning as we look at that and it does not anticipate having any of these north of $20 million orders, we don’t expect that. At the same time, I would say that the base business across the globe has improved. In the U.S. and in Europe it is fundamentally I think a better overall environment for the business. And in Asia, it’s really around the initiative that we have been driving frankly with new product development.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: Okay. Is there a growth rate that we can put on this business now? I guess especially on the seals business?
Andy Silvernail: I think it’s much more consistent with kind of the IDEX overall growth rate. it is as we work through the next two-three years, I guess I’d be disappointed if the core business minus backing out these big projects. It should grow in that 4% to 5% rate.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: Okay. Good. And then, just switching gears to your energy products and FMT, can you provide some more color on what you are seeing in that market, MRO, versus capital spending plans, for next year?
Andy Silvernail: I think a couple of things. One, very specific to some of the uptick that we’ve experienced has to do with strength in North American market that we’ve had generally and some of that has to do with a truck refresh and some of it has to do frankly with a really cold winter. And so there are couple of discreet items in there, much more importantly what we’re really excited about is and the money that’s moving into the energy sector now today is really about distribution. And the issue you have is where energy is produced and where it’s consumed. There is a big disconnect because of the mix of energy and we sit really nicely in that area of this midstream that we think we can take advantage of and really be a player in there. So we think that there is some legs to this and it’s not as violate as some of the upstream and downstream stuff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kipp with Janney Capital Markets.
Bryan Kipp - Janney Capital Markets: Hi, Paul and I just got double-booked, so I appreciate all the color today.
Andy Silvernail: No problem, Bryan. We all set. Good. Thank you all for joining us. We appreciate your interest in IDEX. Obviously, we’re very happy with how the first quarter turned out and we are looking forward to a good year here. I guess the thing I’d end with that I think the success that we’re having is really attributable to the teams that we’re building here at IDEX and I’m very proud of what they’re accomplishing and what they have accomplished and what we have to look forward to. So, I would like to thank the IDEX team for really an outstanding quarter and positive future here. So, thank you very much for joining us. We look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael John Yates - Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President Andrew K. Silvernail - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Heath A. Mitts - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Richard Hall - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC Bryan Kipp - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carnesia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 2013 earnings call for IDEX Corporation. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Yates, you may begin.
Michael John Yates: Thank you, Carnesia. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation, and I want to thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full year financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3- and 12-month periods ending December 31, 2013. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Andy providing a summary of the fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with our outlook for the first quarter and full year 2014. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay, beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll-free number (855) 859-2056 and entering conference ID 30410743 or you may simply log on to our company's homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder: This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Andy Silvernail. Andy?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everybody. I appreciate you joining us here for our fourth quarter and full year wrap up. And before I get into the discussion on the details of 2014 or outlook for 2014 and the Q1 recap, I just want to talk a little bit about an overview of our performance, the execution of our strategy, a couple of comments on capital deployment and our view of our markets across the globe. If you look at our strategy and our execution, a year ago we outlined for 2013 that we thought we were going to be faced with pretty slow markets, unevenness across the globe and some challenges. And we got pretty much what we expected in terms of the overall end-market outlook. We were committed to make our own luck and I feel like we really did that. We drove productivity aggressively and we reinvested in our core markets, our core customers and new products across the globe. And the results, I think, showed. Our team delivered 2013. We had record sales, earnings and cash flow. And as we start to enter 2014, we have a pretty solid backlog across the segments. I would say that market conditions are marginally better. I think in the fall, people got a little bit ahead of themselves with the overall conditions in the global markets, but I would say that they are better than they were a year ago. We have a very strong set of businesses that have terrific positioning. And we have a team that's proven its ability to really navigate in whatever environment we're faced with they can really deliver results. As I look at the highlights for 2013, we had a strong growth in orders especially in the back half of the year, operating margins were up 110 basis points year-over-year and free cash flow was 148% of net income, which is really outstanding. At the same time we made significant investments, that we outlined coming into the last year, where we took $30 million out of our cost base in 2012 to reinvest for growth, and we did just that. And the results have started to show. We had improving order trends in the back half the year. We have solid backlog heading into 2014. Again, we've expanded margins, cash flow and our return on capital is something that we have spent a lot of time internally trying to drive and we've seen really nice improvement here this year and, really, over the last couple of years. We're also delivering improvements in some of the businesses that had been underperforming in the past, specifically Water services, our Fire business and Optics. They all had really solid years in terms of improving profitability driving execution and starting to invest in the future. So as I look ahead at 2014, I'd say there are improving organic growth trends, even though we're still going to have what I think is an uneven environment. We expect 2014 to be modestly better than 2013. But there are clouds that are still on the horizon, so we're going to be cautious about how we tackle these things and where we make investments. We're not going to ignore the reality of what's happening in certain places around the world. And we're going to really be -- we're really going to continue to be disciplined in our strategy and the execution of our strategy. So the bottom line is, we're going to continue to make our own luck. Let me take a few second and talk about what we're seeing across the globe. North America, demand continues to be positive overall, but I think we need to keep a pretty tight grip on the end markets. The industrial markets, specifically in North America, have been strong for a number of years. We're certainly starting to see improvement in some of the science and technology markets versus last year. But it's important not to get ahead of ourselves. Europe has clearly stabilized but from a pretty low base. And I think it's going be modestly better in 2014 versus 2013. China, we're a long-term investor in this market, but I think -- and '14 is going to be better than '13, but there's still a lot of volatility in China and we expect that to be, frankly, forever, and we're making long-term investments in that region and we're going to continue to do so. Emerging markets have been a very good story for us for a long time and they continue to be and we expect them to be for the long term. Again, we anticipated a low growth environment in 2013. 2014 I think will be a little bit better, and we're really making the investments to accelerate growth. Again, I talked about the productivity that we've gained to reinvest in growth last year. We put money into new products, into product management. We've expanded our footprint in Asia specifically and in the Middle East. Our sealing business, we've put investments in selling and in the new manufacturing facility in Houston. And I think we're going to see more results from these investments as we go into this year. Overall, an important piece to the value creation story for us is just capital deployment, where we're fortunate to have a great balance sheet and terrific cash flow. And so a differentiator for us is certainly how we use that cash. And as I look at this year, we're in a great position to continue to fund fully our organic growth and drive profitability and performance in that manner. At the same time, we're going to grab those other levers. And as we think about our investments that we've made we've returned $240 million to shareholders in share repurchases in dividends, a record in 2013. We've made one acquisition in 2013. Frankly, we would have done -- liked to have done more and that's something we spent an awful lot of time working that funnel. The valuation environment generally is still a challenging environment, especially for larger properties. But there are absolutely deals to be done in the range and in the markets that we look at, and I think 2014 has the potential to see a few things break our way. All right, with that let me turn to the fourth quarter detail. I'm on Slide 5. So for the year, we had revenue of $2 billion. It was up 4%, up 2% organically, pretty much in line with our expectations. Really good news as we built about $48 million of backlog and orders were up 7% versus the prior year. Again, we had operating margins that expanded 110 basis points, that's up to 19.5%. Excellent performance on productivity, improved share and mix. So I think really nice performance across the board in driving profitability. Results are really highlighted by truly outstanding performance in Fluid & Metering, up 250 basis points. And Health & Science, which is up 150 basis points. And I'll go through some more detail in a moment on both of those. For the full year, EPS came in at $3.09. That was a 15% increase from our adjusted 2012 numbers. We improved working capital by $31 million and this really accounted for the great cash conversion. We produced $379 million of free cash flow. Again that was 148% of net income. As you look at Q4, earnings were $0.82. It was at the high end -- above the high end of our range. It was up 19% from prior year. Sales were up 5% and orders were up 8%, and they're up 7% organically, as I mentioned. These are really solid results and I think they give us decent momentum as we go into the first quarter here. As we look to the future, we made some really targeted investments yet again, specifically in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, we took $6 million of cost. We took hit to our P&L in the fourth quarter, $6 million of cost, to improve our overall cost structure. And as always, we expect those productivity investments to pay off, both in terms of profitability, more importantly in terms of investing for growth. It's really about getting ahead and we're going to continue to make those investments. As we digest that into our P&L, we also did have something that offset that, which was an investment for -- rather a return of $4 million from Matcon, which really those 2 things offset each other largely. So in summary, I'm proud of 2013. We've built a strong foundation for success, and I think we're in a good position to deliver on 2014. All right. Let's move over to the segment discussions. I'm on Slide 6 and as always, we'll start with Fluid & Metering. Bottom line, Brett Finley and his team had a great year and they deserve accolades for what they got done this year, very strong performance. Orders were up 3% organically; sales were up 4% organically; operating margins, as I mentioned, were up 250 basis points; and they're in a really nice position as we go forward into 2014. If you look at the different platforms, energy had a very, very good year. They had strong core markets, they had share gains in developed markets and really good mobile expansion. A big piece of that story has been expanding across the globe and they've done a very nice job there. In our Chemical, Food & Process business, solid improvements in orders, sales and operating margins. Really outstanding performance in terms of improvement coming from our Richter brand in terms of growth across the globe, and certainly our Viking brands as we continue to win our core markets and make investments for growth there. If you look at our Ag business, the Banjo brand, they had another good year. They're capturing share, they're introducing new products and they're capitalizing on OEM demand. Order patterns remains strong in the fourth quarter and we have pretty good visibility here through the first half the year. That said, we're very, very well aware of what's been happening in that market and as we get through this year, we'll revisit that. But so far, we're still seeing some strength here coming out of Banjo. If you put our Water business, the municipal service markets, they've improved modestly. Our win rate has been faster, certainly, than the markets so we've seen some decent pickup there. The team has been very successful at capturing share. And the demand has really been driven by some big projects in the U.S. and in Japan that we've won. And I really give credit to the team there for focusing their commercial strategies and the new product strategies on some poor markets that we think are most attractive in terms of growth and profitability and executing against that. The industrial part of Water, which really focuses on dosing pumps, saw modest growth this year. And frankly, we were very focused on improving the overall operating capability of that business. We saw very, very nice improvement in profitability there. And I think they're going to have modest growth in 2014, and we think they're well positioned for success going forward. All right. Let's move to Slide 7 and we'll talk about Health & Science. Overall, for the year, solid order growth, 3%, and very good backlog going into 2014. Margins were up 150 basis points to 19.1%. Importantly in the quarter, we saw order growth of 10% year-over-year. Margins were actually up 180 basis points if you consider the $3 million of cost that we incurred in the P&L to drive productivity. So it doesn't read as attractive as that in the stated numbers, but the underlying number is certainly better, and I think we're, again, we're well-positioned here as we go into the year. If you look at our Scientific Fluidics business, this was a winner for us all year. And John Arnott and the team there, they delivered order and sales growth in every quarter of the year, even when the markets were softer, we looked at the first part of the year. The team has gained share and they've exceeded market growth, really through excellent customer focus and new product introductions. So nice job there with the team. We're seeing, really, markets pick up modestly in the U.S. We're starting to see some relief in some of the government funding issues. A little bit better end-market spending and Asia continues to be relatively strong for us. In Optics & Photonics, as we talked about, really, throughout the year, we finally anniversary-ed the business that we walked away from in 2012, and we saw some pick up here in orders in the fourth quarter. We expect top line stability continue in 2014. The markets are stabilizing and we have been seeing some improvement in Semiconductor and in life science. And obviously, we're realizing the benefits of the cost-out actions now as we saw sequential margin improvement. So we expect to see continued improvement here through 2014 in the Optics & Photonics business. And the team there has done what we said that they would do and they're starting to really positioned themselves nicely. Our specialty seals business had a strong fourth quarter and full year. The outlook there is positive. We're making some significant investments in that business and in growth in the U.S. and in Asia. And we think that the Houston facility comes online in at the end of this year or start of next year, we're going to be in a nice position to grow that business. So finally, within Health & Science. Our Material Process business is a long-cycle business and that's a little bit unusual within the IDEX portfolio. But they've had 4 consecutive quarters now of orders and sales growth, and pretty solid prospects and profit improvement in 2014. All right. I'm on our final segment, diversified, Slide 8. Overall, orders finished the year strong. It was up 10% year-over-year. Organic sales were only up 1% and obviously that's a difference in a few large orders that we talked about in the past, and obviously we'll get into some detail here. Organic -- excuse me, operating margins, they decreased 80 basis points for the year and this decline is really due to the fact that the replenishment order that we got in 2012 didn't repeat in full in 2013 and, obviously, those are -- there's some pretty high contribution margins in that business. On the Dispensing side, orders continue to be distorted for the business. If you recall, last quarter we discussed the large order that we received. As we enter the year, obviously, we have a pretty strong backlog, and that order is going to ship throughout the first half the year. And the timing of that, we've got to really keep our hands on because, obviously, that's a large order and important to us. The team has done a terrific job globally in terms of customer service, innovation, geographic expansion and cost improvement. If you look at the Fire Suppression group, they closed out the year with 4 consecutive quarters again of order and sales growth. We made significant investments in 2012 and they've really come to fruition, especially in the energy markets with new products and market development that we focused on there. And again, nice job with the overall profit expansion. Our Rescue business, they had a soft fourth quarter, but it's been stable on a sequential basis. We saw, specifically in Asia, some real tightness in government spending in Asia in the back half of the year. And I suspect we're starting to see that improve a little bit. But that did hurt the overall order growth in that business in the back half the year. But a really nice job on profit improvement and all signs that, that capital is going to be released in 2014, and they'll have -- they'll be back to growth here. BAND-IT, another solid year in terms of sales growth and excellent profitability. And they closed out the year with pretty decent order growth in North America. And the investment that we made in our China footprint for BAND-IT got some real momentum in the back half of 2013 and will serve us well as we get into this year. All right. Let's talk about our 2014 guidance, I'm on Slide 9. I going to start at the top of the bridge and just walk through this like we do every year. We anticipate kind of low-mid-single-digit growth across the platforms. And this should give us kind of 20% to 30% -- $0.20 to $0.30 of EPS and that's the typical flow through that you expect from us. If you look at FX and a lower share count, those are each going to give us about $0.03 in the year, so they're going to be a tailwind or a good guide for the full year of 2014. We are going to have some headwind here on higher tax rate and it's going to cost us about $0.07 in the year. My guess is you've kind of been hearing this from a lot of different places, but there are a number of discrete items that happened and Heath and I can go into any detail people want of tax benefits that we got in 2013 that, frankly, just not going to recur. At least, we don't expect to recur. Productivity, I'm very, very happy with this. Productivity is a $0.09 positive for us as we look at this year. And I'm very happy with the overall job the teams did. We're fortunate to be in a low inflation environment and to be able to get ahead here and we're doing so. And this really allows us to continue to fund growth initiatives. So we're going to put about $0.04 a share over and above our normal investment rate, and continue to try to get ahead in the business. All right. I'm on the final slide here, Slide 10. So some guidance for Q1 and then the total guidance here for the full year. So in the first quarter, we expect earnings to be $0.83 to $0.85, operating margins will be right around 20% in the quarter. And so we think that we're in decent shape in that range. Obviously, we've got some strength from the Dispensing order that's going to help that and we expect to have a solid first quarter. So for the full year, we expect EPS to be $3.33 to $3.43. Organic growth, again, is going to be kind of 3% to 5% and we think operating margins are going to be about 20% for the full year. We had said in the past that we thought we have a quarter where we hit operating margins with a 2 in front of it, one time in 2014, very happy that we achieved that in the fourth quarter. And we think we have a legitimate shot of having 20% operating margins for all of 2014. As always, a few other modeling items just for you to consider. The tax rate's probably going to be 29% to 29.5%. Again, I talked about some of the headwinds there, including the R&D tax credit that, so far, has not been renewed. We've got a -- that onetime good guide [ph] this year from the U.K. tax benefit that flowed through our balance sheet in the P&L, that obviously, you're not going to get that onetime benefit. And in the Matcon, the $4 million in Matcon benefit that we got in the fourth quarter had some nice tax implications, and we're not going to see the benefits of that as we go forward. CapEx, we should be somewhere in the $40 million to $45 million range. We are certainly ramping organic investment and we expect see that come through in our CapEx. And we think free cash flow will be between 120% and 125% of net income. As always, this excludes the impact of acquisitions or charges associated with them and we'll deal with those as they come up. So to summarize, very proud of our 2013 results. I am -- I think our team did a really nice job. I'm proud of their focus and execution and dedication to our customers and what that turns into for our results for our shareholders. I still think we're going to have an uneven economy in 2014 and we're preparing for that. But as always, we're going to really control our own destiny. And we're going to focus on delivering for our customers, delivering for our shareholders and, frankly, delivering for our teammates. So with that, I'll pause. Operator, we can open up the line for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Mike Halloran with Robert Baird.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So just want to try to align the commentary about the choppy environment on a forward basis with what's clearly some momentum you're seeing internally on the order line. If I look at your commentary by product category or by division, it certainly sounds like momentum is building in the majority of your portfolio, maybe a little slower in some of the muni or government-exposed stuff like Rescue or the Water side. But maybe you could point out some of the areas you're a little bit more concerned in from a product category or a vertical within the core portfolio today as we look to '14?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure, Mike. What I think about my concerns, they're economic. Frankly, there are more bigger-picture concerns that are around geographies. And so as an example, I think there continues to be a lot of volatility in China. And we saw some nice pick up here. There were some issues in the back half the year. But I don't think anyone should underestimate that there is going to be volatility in that region on a really consistent basis as they work through a whole series of issues there. So that's kind of one thing as I think on -- from that basis, I still see some -- Asia is, just generally, is having some volatility. I would say in Europe, it's certainly better. And the headlines in the news, I think, are way out in front of reality. That's really improving off of a pretty slow base. And I'd say the U.S. is pretty stable. Just generally, Mike, as I said in my commentary, I think that the overall economy is in a better spot than it was a year ago. My view, however, is that, as we were going through the fall here, the general news cycle and commentary was ahead of reality. So with that said, I am pretty happy with how we're dealing with the environments that we have. And our focus on really, really been tightly focused on the whole series of customers in product areas where we think we have an advantage and we can drive differentiation. And so I do think we have from -- some momentum from that perspective. But I just think it's important that people don't get too far out in front their seats.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Makes sense. And then on the cost-takeout actions, maybe you could talk a little bit about -- it seems like there's a little bit more than the continuous improvement paradigm you guys have, maybe a little bit more specificity around what the objective was? What the goal was? How that rolls through '14? And as we look to '14, any other insular actions like this you guys are thinking about taking?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, this was a little bit bigger than we had thought. What I will say is vast majority of these happened in pretty expensive places. And so we typically expect payback on things like this to be kind of 2 years. That's the general payback on these kind of things. When they happen in places that are, I'll just call it easier to restructure, the payback's 18 months maybe sometimes 12 months. We did a lot of work in Europe. We closed a facility in Europe or we're closing a facility in Europe. We're in the process of that. And then we had a couple of places that I think were just arduous structures that we were able to take out some pretty high costs infrastructure. There are a lot of big chunks like this throughout the company to go but we are always looking at how you drive -- as you know, Mike, how do you drive productivity on a regular basis. But also, our teams are regularly challenged with thinking bigger on some of these things. And so if those things develop, we're going -- we'll eat it in our P&L but I think that's a good thing for shareholders.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Last one for me, along those lines, when we think about the confidence now that you're going to be 20%-plus margins as we track through '14, what's changed in the thought process for you over the last couple months? Is it maybe a little bit more clarity on the demand side? Is it this restructuring actions that you've taken and the benefit that's going to roll through this year? Any other factors there?
Andrew K. Silvernail: We're kind in a little bit of a sweet spot when it comes to margin improvement. What I mean by that is when you're in an environment like this and it's relatively low growth and low inflation, you have control of your levers in a much more clear way. Right. So your productivity flows through, your price flows through better. We don't get a huge price but we get price, right? And we when you're in a low-inflation environment and you get productivity, that certainly helps a lot. What I would say is kind of different -- it's not so much different. We've been seeing this, really, for the last couple of years. But I think our organization consistently has gotten better and has maybe expanded their own assumptions about how profitable the business can be, and therefore how we act.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt McConnell with Citi Research.
Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I could just start with a question about the first quarter. Normal seasonality would imply that, that's the lowest for the year. And I know the big Dispensing project is going to have an impact. But if you saw the normal kind of step-up that you typically see through the year, it seems like even the high end of 2014 guidance wouldn't be too much of a stretch. So is there something else that's helping first quarter, that's skewing that seasonality a little bit closer to the front half of the year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well the Dispensing piece is big, right? You're talking about an order that is more than 1% of organic growth on a full year basis, right? That's going to flow through in the first half of the year. That's a big number for us. We also -- our Fire business, it also had a number of pretty good-sized orders that were kind of on the brink of between Q4 and Q1, and they went into Q1, and so they're pretty sizable also. If you back those out, I mean we'd still have, I think, strong overall earnings growth and a decent quarter, but those really do comprise the biggest pieces of that.
Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got it. That helps. And then on the free cash flow, obviously a great performance in 2014. Is there room to take out another $30-so million of working capital? I'm trying to get a sense of the sustainability of that free cash conversion that you've been generating?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Matt, that number is really high, right? We -- in the kind of growth environment that we're going to be in, if -- we'll probably consume some working capital, right? As we look at this year, we'll probably -- on an absolute basis. I think we'll get better from a working capital conversion. So in terms of the percent of working capital that we carry, as a percent of sales. But given the growth that we expect to have in that 3% to 5% range organically, we'll probably actually -- we'll consume a little bit of cash there. Not unlike what I said to Mike on operating margins, this is an environment where it really is a good environment for driving cash conversion, right? When you're in a growing environment, obviously, you've got to feed the businesses more working capital. This is an environment that has really allowed us to get more efficient with working capital. And the teams did a very, very good job. Now just so everybody's aware, right? We will see a working capital bump up in the first quarter or maybe the second quarter because of what's going with these big orders, right? They've got it be built and they've got to be shipped. And so the timing of when those things happen, it could likely have some impact in what I'll call a onetime bubble on our working capital in the first or second quarter. So just so everyone is aware of that, you can kind of expect that and model that in. But I think that 120%, 125%, Matt, is more normal for us.
Operator: Your next question is from Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Richard Hall - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: It's actually Richard Hall on for Nathan. Just 2 questions for you. First, when we think about M&A, previously you've mentioned that prices were a little too high for those $100 million deals. And in your prepared remarks, you said, things are still challenging. There's -- but there's going to be some deals to be done maybe in 2014 might be nice. Could you talk about the dynamic? What do you think about pricing right now?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It really hasn't changed much from the last couple of quarters. What I would say is if you went back to last year, there was huge private equity deal flow that was floating around kind of second, early third quarter. That's really come down. And that has come down -- that volume has come out of the markets a little bit. What I would say, however, is that prices are still elevated. Really, it sets up just north of 100, 115 in enterprise value. You still see things that are consistently touching or exceeding double digits. And for a deal like that to make sense for us, I mean, you've got to be -- you've got to know exactly how you're going to get the value, right? There can be no question marks. As you look in the -- I'll call it the $25 million to $100 million range, our funnel is -- it looks similar to the what it's looked like over the last 9 months, maybe a little bit better. And I think that's really our own doing, not so much the markets. Don't take it that I'm signaling that's some going to drop imminently, right? We always have a few things that could drop and we're working through the negotiations and discussions on those things. But I think just generally, there are still some things to be done in the range where we think we can really drive some value. But it's not materially different. The environment is not materially different than what we talked about a quarter ago.
Richard Hall - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Very helpful. And then finally, I guess definitely appreciate the commentary about the 2014, I guess, guidance. Could you maybe walk us through the segments, of your thinking on top line growth and kind of just operating profitability?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Couldn't hear you. Just across the businesses generally in each of the segments?
Richard Hall - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Okay, let me start with the most confusing one first. You've got Dispensing in there. That's obviously going to have a big disconnect, right, because you're going to see a big overall number in the first half on a sales basis. But that obviously has a negative view on -- in the back half of the year on an orders basis, right? Just because of the timing of those things and that really exacerbates what that looks like. What I would say then around FMT and HST is very much in line with the range that we gave you, both of them. I don't think -- as we're looking today and we built our operating plans, I don't see it being materially different in either one of those segments in terms of overall growth. So I think Dispensing from a sales perspective is going to be at the high end of that range because of the big order. And then I think FMT and HST will be a little bit lower than that just because you got kind of more systemic systematic growth that's happening there. So not a big difference between the segments outside of that one big order.
Operator: Your next question is from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Andy, on the growth initiatives, could you help us, maybe -- I know it's going to be hard, I'm sure, business by business, but how are you allocating those dollars? Is it people, new product investments? Just a little bit more color on that?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's really 2 big areas and actually, this is pretty consistent with what we did last year when we made some of the bigger reinvestments. It really is around the product and market development. And so it's people, and then to some degree, it's physical capacity. Now what I mean by physical capacity is, like as an example, we're putting more money into Houston to grow the sales office. We're building a second facility in India and we're building out our commercial operation there. We're expanding our capabilities in the Middle East. So what we're really doing, frankly, is we're kind of doubling down on some places where we're getting some nice momentum. We're -- the business for our Fire business that we're really seeing some nice growth from, frankly, they've created a whole another little business there, which is a trailer business that's servicing the energy markets for emergency. And so we're funding a team there to really build that out. So it's more kind of front-end sales marketing product development and then it tends to be regionally or very, very business centric.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, that's great. And then just going back to the acquisition. It sounds like, obviously, most people are still [ph] pretty challenged. But it sounds like from my perspective -- maybe I'm putting words in your mouth, Mark, you're more excited about the quality of -- property coming through at this point? Is that a good way to think about it?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I guess our game, when you look at our game, our game is almost always better when it's proprietary stuff that we've been working for long periods of time. You can always -- you can buy things out of the investment world and you can be successful with them. What I would say is that while our funnel in aggregate looks about the same as it looked even 6 or 9 months ago, there's more stuff that's kind of in our sweet spot that's kind of cultivated, long-term cultivated. So I guess if you're -- to make sure you're not reading into anything, don't read into that something is going happen immediately. At the same time, I would read into it that -- I would say, that the quality and the things that our IDEX like in terms of both businesses and in terms of how we -- where they come from is a little bit better.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Graham with Jefferies.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So the 2 questions I had were around the margins of the FMT and HST businesses. And I guess I'll start, maybe, with the harder one, HST. The gain is in there, right?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, it's not.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Where is the gain?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Go ahead.
Heath A. Mitts: Scott, this is Heath. The gain actually shows up in the -- in our corporate expenses. So it does not get allocated out to the segments. So it effectively nets against our corporate expenses in terms of the Matcon $4 million.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Nice. Okay.
Heath A. Mitts: So HST, I guess if you want to look at it absorbs $3 million restructuring or cost out-related costs. So if that was not in there, it would be -- the margins for that would be around 20%.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, I can see that now. I didn't know where that was. That's excellent. But I think even more excellent was FMT. That margin like rocketed this quarter. Could you talk around some of the tenets of how that happened?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, yes, once again, it's -- we've seen really good margin performance from the team at FMT for a while here. But there are a few things. First and foremost, we definitely had some benefits of mix in the quarter, not huge but we had some benefits of mix. We certainly -- FMT, we tend to get more price there than anywhere in the business and that certainly helped. But the biggest thing and the thing that's different than I think in the past is we're getting more traction and overall productivity in those businesses. And this isn't kind of big stuff; it's the daily stuff that you're working as a funnel, right? And you're working it all the time. We spend a lot of time looking at how we're driving consistent productivity across our businesses. And I would say that FMT, certainly as with regard to the back half of last year, that accelerated for them.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And if you don't mind, I'd appreciate being able to tack on a question to your response, Andy. You've heard me ask this question before about the old way that IDEX kind of looked at productivity in the $20-plus million pockets and whatnot. I know you've kind of moved away from that, but are the parameters around that still generally the same? That global sourcing continues to take on maybe the lion's share of the productivity improvement? Or are there new things that you guys have kind of hashed within the organization, some type of value-stream mapping or that is additive to what the old model was?
Andrew K. Silvernail: A couple of things. First of all, the reason that we've gotten away from kind of talking about that bulk number is that, number one, the company has gotten a lot bigger since that's was, I guess, the conversation. And number two, if you just kind of think about it in a simple way, we've got inherent in our businesses about $25 million of inflation, all things being equal, that we see every year given the size that we are today. And that's from a combination of merit increases, and very, very modest material inflation, right? And that's how we think modest. So our starting point every year just to hold even is kind of $25-ish million, right? And so if you think about that, I mean, look at what we bridged this year, we're doing clearly better than that, right? And we certainly did better than that and we expect to do better than that in 2014. So that's kind of one part of the answer. The second part of the answer is, if you look at our cost base, materials are obviously the biggest piece -- biggest bulk piece of our cost. But if you think of our conversion cost -- what I mean by that is you look from material cost all the way down to operating profit, there's a lot of other costs there, whether it sits in manufacturing, it sits in or sits in our infrastructure, that we think we should drive productivity up. So there is definitely a change in mindset that productivity is something that is all the way up and down the P&L and not kind of just manufacturing. So that's the second part. The last thing I'd say is in terms of our methodology, we have had an IDEX operating model for an awful long time. And I think it's an effective model that we just continue to mature and we continue to deploy throughout the business and it really helps us drive results.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So if I could just summarize, you've got bigger, so you're doing more of what you did and maybe more on top of that, and you're looking at this thing on a net of inflation basis?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: If I can kind of piggyback on the margin question. So the incrementals this quarter and this year were much stronger than normal. I think you normally target something in the mid-30s and we were much better than that. As we think about better organic growth in 2014, that might suggest incrementals getting even better, but you're offsetting with some growth spend. So can you guys talk about that? If we have better organic growth and we're getting price and more traction than ever on the productivity, is it the growth spend or something else that would keep us from maybe a repeat performance of such strong incremental?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Let me tackle part of this, then I may have Heath tackle a part of it also. Kevin, one of the things to realize is we had 2 things that really helped us in 2013 from a margin expansion perspective. Those things, those pieces of expansion that drove the incrementals are kind of unlikely to repeat. The first one was we were really aggressive in 2012 taking out cost, right? Just generally, we were really aggressive especially in the back half the year, and so we saw benefits of that throughout this year. Secondly we had a number of underperforming businesses. So I mentioned them in my formal remarks, Water services, our Fire business, our Optics business and actually even part of our Water business, right, the other piece, our industrial Water business, that were really underperforming, that we drove very, very meaningful profit expansion in those businesses to the point where they looked much more like the rest of IDEX, and it did not 24 months ago. So my point to that is, we're not going to get that twice. We don't have some of the same pieces of opportunity. And so what you're going to see from us is much more typical flow through on volume, which we've said that we think is worth $0.20 to $0.30. And the net $0.05 of productivity is going to be what we think is incremental in terms of our efforts. So Heath, what would you add to that?
Heath A. Mitts: No, I think I'd just stear you towards the guidance slide, Slide 9 in the guidance detail, which Andy just walked through. We're not talking about significant amount of reinvestment over and above our normal run rate, which is healthy for the business. But there are some select dollars we've quantified it as around $0.04 of headwind here but, certainly, that is not offsetting. If you look at this, we are still talking about a -- 2013's flow through was crazy high in the north of 50% because of the benefit of the cost actions that we took in 2012. However, even if you look at our 2014, we're still talking about guidance. And here, because of some additional restructuring that we did in late 2013, as well as productivity initiatives that more than offset inflation, the flow through, that's still 35% to 40%. So I don't feel that the 50% was sustainable. But certainly, if 3% to 5% organic revenue growth having flow through of 35%, and this might go up to 40%, is still...
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes, got it, got it. That's very helpful. And then just following up, the $6 million charge in the quarter, I just want to clarify. That's entirely a cost-takeout action or is that a new product -- is there some new product development and growth spend component to that? And did you say that's kind of all you're planning in terms of bigger items that you would call out at the moment or no?
Heath A. Mitts: That is correct. Now the $6 million is not -- it's specifically tied to, I'd say, restructuring-related type of activities, where we closed one small facility and there was numerous employee actions, so severance-related costs in that. So there was nothing I'd say tied to new product introductions. So these were through operational-footprint type of decisions. On an ongoing basis, we always have some kind of amount that we pay for, as we go through the P&L. This was just in the quarter a big enough number that we wanted to note that because it did have an impact on our reported results, although we are not calling that out separately as a line item in the P&L.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, so net-net on this, the cost that we incurred to do this, obviously, isn't in our P&L, right? What we do is offset by the good guy coming back to the P&L on -- from Matcon. So net-net, those things kind of wash themselves out.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Andy, can you talk about in the fourth quarter what your organic growth was by region between Americas, Europe or Asia, however you would like to talk about it? And then what your expectation is around that 3% to 5% rate by region for 2014?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So we don't kind of break out -- we don't ever give exact numbers on that. But what I will say is that international growth was actually stronger than the U.S. in the fourth quarter. Now part of that was, if you look in the U.S., we had a really, really -- we've had really strong growth consistently. The U.S. was stronger in HST and in Diversified. FMT was a little bit light in the fourth quarter in the U.S. Asia was pretty strong. We came off of a pretty weak comparison in the fourth quarter, in China in particular. So China was strong and then Europe was kind of in between the 2. Generally, as we're looking at the overall expectations for this year, I think the U.S. is probably going to see -- I'm going to talk about underlying markets. I think the U.S. is kind of in the 3 range, plus or minus, somewhere in that range. I think Europe is kind of 1 to 3, somewhere in there. And I think the emerging markets, or call it Asia, is probably in that kind of 5-ish range, plus or minus, with -- what you'll end up having is you'll have one country or sub region that's really strong, and something will be weak. So as an example, India was really strong for us this year until the fourth quarter. China was actually weaker. So I expect you'll see some puts and takes across the regions like that.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then in terms of pricing, can you describe what you're looking at for 2014, and then just hit on -- maybe provide a little bit more granularity around the organic order decline in FMT? If that's timing, just general lumpiness or something fundamentally different in some of the businesses?
Heath A. Mitts: Sure. Matt, this is Heath. The organic order decline for FMT was really -- if you go back and look, it was off of a very, very difficult comp. There was nothing really that we comped against some project orders that were booked in the fourth quarter of last year that we didn't have this year. So I wouldn't read into that in terms of the health of the backlog or health of what -- that's the outlook for FMT for 2014.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, I'd also add to that, is that if you look at the third quarter, FMT was really strong. So if you look at the back half of the year for FMT, it was up 4 in -- year-over-year. And the other question was price, right, Matt?
Heath A. Mitts: Oh, I'm sorry, price. Sorry about that Matt.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Taking notes here. The price for 2013, just as a point of reference, came in on a gross basis -- gross so not including inflation, was, what, about 1.2%. And our expectation for 2014 is that it'll be similar.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Douglass with Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: With the geographies, can you let us know how 2013 ended? How the geographies split as far as percentage of sales?
Andrew K. Silvernail: In terms of actually how it broke out?
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Yes.
Andrew K. Silvernail: You got that exact number?
Heath A. Mitts: No, we generally don't provide.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, we don't usually give kind of exact numbers in there. If you look at what we historically guided there, it hasn't moved a ton, right? North America is right in the range of 50% of sales. Europe is going to be in the low- to mid-20% kind of 23% to 25%. China in total is around 10-ish and so -- and then the balance of Asia and the rest of the world is going to make up the other kind of 10%, 15%.
Heath A. Mitts: That's consistent with what we put in our release in the past. We don't disclose how that swings quarter-to-quarter.
Andrew K. Silvernail: But not a big shift in 2014 versus 2013 -- to 2013 versus 2012.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, okay, no, that's helpful. And so China is reasonably decent sized but it...
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, it is decent sized for us. And that's been a good investment for us and continues to grow.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: But it's not going to do kill you, either, if you happen to see some real volatility like it looks like we're seeing?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, it's big enough to matter and, obviously, when it was very, very strong, it does help move the needle. But when it's been weaker, like even when it was last year, typically we can absorb that in other parts of our business.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Right. And then you mentioned you had some share gains in Scientific Fluidics.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: What appears to be a much better funding environment in life science, do you think this provides some upside to what seems to be implied kind of low-single-digit organic growth in that segment? And I would throw IOP in there as well.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, yes, so I think we're kind of guiding, again, think of kind of 3% to 5% generally for the segment if you look in that segment. Scientific Fluidics specifically, I'd mentioned that the team there did a really nice job in 2013. And the gain in this business is really -- there really kind of 2 big parts of the gain. One of them is geographic expansion, that the growth in that business around Asia has been a big, big piece of the overall story. And then the second part, and this has been for a long time, it's about winning high-value content on new product launches. And 2011, 2012 -- about 2012 to 2013 at least through the first half, the product launches in the industry were actually pretty soft. And we are starting to see an improved cycle. And I think you're going to see a better overall cycle as you look forward over the next couple of years that can add 1 point or 2 to growth. Regarding the funding specifically, just as the funding wasn't that -- wasn't a huge deal when it was struggling, it was there, just remember that it's not a huge piece of our business that goes directly to government agencies. The bigger thing that really happens here is it gives confidence to the industry. And you see -- it kind of -- it gives confidence, you see kind of improvements around this. So I do think that both of those things are tailwinds to that business. But also, it's a competitive business and it's a business that is changing in terms of its geographic footprint. So -- but we're positive about it, we think we've got a great team, and we think we're going to continue to grow that.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: It sounds like you're started to outgrow the market given...
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, I think in aggregate, we will outgrow the market. I think we've demonstrated that. But also, realize that the market is broken down into a few things. You've got the 2 biggest pieces of what we call the market are diagnostics and for us, high pressure liquid chromatography. Those 2 pieces of business are relatively slow growing, right? The growth is really happening in the industries around biotechnology, around sequencing and around mass spec, and we're well positioned in that. But there is a shift that's happening in that marketplace.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Knight with Janney Capital.
Bryan Kipp - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: This is actually Bryan Kipp. Just wanted to dive into HST a little bit further. That 10% order growth that you guys reported in the quarter, do you think that can be attributed to the, let's say, budget flush post-NIH color and pharma, and everybody else ordering on the mass spec side and the HPLC side, and then inventory build again? Or you think it's more sustainable?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's actually -- the benefits of the expectations of improved spending from a government, that hasn't really shown up yet. That was really cut in the latest budget deal that you'll see kind of flow through. So you might have a little bit in there. We had really strong order growth in our Material Process business. That was really strong, off a pretty we comp last year. Our Scientific Fluidics business did well. And again, when you look at our -- we saw our optics business turn positive. So pretty nice business there generally. Also, we had a couple of big wins in what is the more industrial side of HST. So what I'm driving here, Bryan, is that this isn't -- that big number isn't being driven because there's some kind of massive pickup across the industry. We can put our finger on where it is and so we're happy for it but we don't expect 10% order growth going forward.
Bryan Kipp - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Appreciate the color. Do you expect some additional margin leverage just because of that strong number in the first half relative to what you saw last year on the HST side?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think it'll be generally kind of normalized. I don't see it as being significantly different than what it's been. When you actually look at the margin structure -- the contribution margin structure across the business, it's not materially different segment to segment. I mean, it's within a few points of each other, which is obviously good from a mix perspective. But I don't see it being a big deal.
Bryan Kipp - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just one final. You alluded to India and I know you guys are trying to double capacity out there. What's driving that strength? Is it infrastructure investments on the FMT side or is it more broader based?
Heath A. Mitts: It is principally around 2 things: it's around our Energy business, which has had terrific success there also; and we also decided to put our manufacturing for Asia for our Dispensing business, sits in there. So the X-SMART that we launched last year, which, by the way, has been nicely successful. The team deserves an awful lot of credit. They came up with a -- what I really think is a game changer in the emerging markets for that business, and they're manufacturing it out of there. Those are the 2 biggest pieces of the Indian footprint. We do some smaller things also there, but those are the 2 big pieces.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Halloran with Robert Baird.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just one quick follow-up here. Just want to make sure I understand the sequentials on the Fire & Safety side of the business here. So as I understand the fourth quarter here, you had some push out on the Dispensing orders and in an answer to an earlier question, you talked about front half of the year loading in some of those Dispensing orders that you guys have talked about in the past. So should we see a stair step on the margin line, front half versus back half of the year? Or at this point, are there some of those Dispensing orders are still stretched in the back half and maybe normalize things out a little bit as we work through the year?
Heath A. Mitts: Mike, this is Heath. There's a little bit of seasonality. Obviously, we're going to benefit from the Dispensing, the large order that we talked about in our last call that will ship in the first half of the year and obviously, there's some nice leverage from that. There's also elements of the segment that tend to do better in the fourth quarter, specifically the Rescue tool business tends to be a little bit more fourth quarter heavy. And as you know, that is a highly profitable piece of the segment. So I wouldn't read into it too much. We'll get a better sense as we get through the first quarter and, obviously, update you guys in 90 days or less as to how much of that Dispensing order shipped in the first quarter and how much is remaining, and what impact that would have as we get through the end of the year. We're kind of sorting through that with our customer right now. So we'll have more guidance then in terms of what that impact was in the first quarter and how you should think about the rest of the year.
Operator: Your next question is from Walter Lukay (sic) [Liptak] with Global Hunter.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Walter Liptak. Sorry, I wasn't able to listen to the whole call, but I've got one on guidance where -- and you may have addressed this already. But with organics expected to go up in 2014, why wouldn't we see the same level of a 15% EPS growth?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, generally, you've got a couple of things. We did address that, Walt, as we're walking through the call. A couple of things, right? So we had this year, we had a couple of major benefits where we restructured in 2012 and improved some underperforming businesses that you're just not going to redo again, right? You not -- you don't get that benefit from a growth perspective twice. So if you go back to the slide, you'll see that we walked through in some pretty good detail the bridge of how we get to our guidance. And it's really straightforward, so if you have any more detailed questions, you can certainly give us a call.
Operator: At this time, there are no questions.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Okay, well, thank you, all, very much again for being on the call today, and being -- your interest in IDEX. Obviously, we're proud of how 2013 ended. I'm very, very proud of the team. That is certainly the thing that's most important to us here and our ability to deliver great results for shareholders is the kind of team that we're building and the culture that we're building here. So I want to thank my team for their efforts and I appreciate your support, and we look forward to a solid 2014. So thank you, all.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael John Yates - Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President Andrew K. Silvernail - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Heath A. Mitts - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IDEX Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, and, Mr. Yates, you may begin your conference.
Michael John Yates: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3-month period ending September 30, 2013. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: We will begin with Andy providing a summary of the third quarter 2013 financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year 2013. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access the complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number (855) 859-2056 and entering the conference ID 26074681 or you may simply log on to our company's homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder: This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody, and I want to thank you for joining us here for the third quarter call. Before we get into talking about my comments and the results, I want to -- as a New Englander and as a die-hard Boston Red Sox fan, we're pretty excited about the World Series starting tomorrow. And so we hope that their results are outstanding also. A few summary comments before turning to the numbers. I want to talk a little bit about the third quarter execution of our strategy. I also want to talk, just what we're seeing in the current environment and then a few comments on investment and our capital deployment, generally. So starting with the third quarter, the theme really here is -- was make your own luck, and we've talked about this a lot within the company. And we're pleased with the results in what continues to be a very challenging environment. The global economy, as we look at it, it really lacks sustained results and action throughout the globe. It continues to be pretty spotty and pretty choppy. But I'm very happy with how our teams are delivering. As you saw in the quarter, we had very solid order growth, double-digit EPS growth, record free cash flow and improving return on invested capital. So generally, overall, we're pretty happy with the third quarter results. And I think when it comes down to it, we're executing the strategy that we laid out a year or so ago pretty well. If you recall, there were 3 elements of our strategy that we've been talking about pretty consistently. The first was really investing for global growth around our core products and our core customers; then executing around that core for great quality, delivery and cost; and then finally, very disciplined yet flexible capital deployment. And I think we're executing against that pretty well, and the results are showing. If you remember, last year, we took out almost $30 million in cost, structural cost, and we put a bunch of that in our pocket and also put a bunch of that into organic growth investments. And again, the results, we're starting to see some benefits of that. On the orders, sales side, we've made a number of focused investments geographically in businesses. We're seeing that in areas like our Energy business, Scientific Fluidics and even in the Dispensing business. We're also seeing really nice improvement in profitability in a number of places that we restructured. If you look at our Optics business, our Fire business or our Water Services, all have seen substantial improvements in profitability and help driving the earnings growth that you're seeing here today. And then finally, we really made some nice improvements in return on capital. We've had very disciplined working capital management, and I think we've made intelligent choices around our capital deployment. As we look going forward a little bit, I think in the fourth quarter, you're going to see a better overall revenue growth. But that being said, we still see that this is going to be a pretty uneven environment. And while we're happy with our results and we think our fourth quarter is going to look pretty good, we are cautious, and I think we will remain cautious about what's going on globally in the economy. So let me talk for a second about what's happening around the world. Pretty much, our overall demand has played out like we thought it would when we came into this year. The U.S., we're still seeing kind of similar overall results that we saw in the second quarter. We do have volatility in our short cycle businesses. If you remember, when we were coming out of the second quarter, in our call, we talked about there being some issues around industrial distribution in the latter part of the second quarter. That really popped back in the early part of the third quarter. But then we saw some choppiness again as we moved through the quarter. So we're obviously keeping an eye on that. No red flags, but we certainly keep an eye on it. Europe is generally stable. There are pockets of improvements, specifically what we're seeing around Germany, a little bit in some of the other Northern countries. But there's also pockets of issues that I don't think are going to go away anytime soon. China, very consistent with what we saw in the second quarter. As we mentioned, we had deceleration really starting at the first part of this year. I know that the headline news out of China recently has been better. We're not really seeing that yet. We still expect there to be solid growth in China. But at the same time, we're not expecting a big acceleration. If you look at the emerging markets, I think the term there is mixed. Overall, we continue to believe that it's going to outpace the U.S. and Europe, and we're going to continue to invest in the emerging markets. But the bottom line is you got to live with the volatility that's there. So we're going to continue to invest and grow, and I think that will pay off over time. If we look forward, we believe the global demand is going to remain sluggish, and we're going to have to continue to make our own luck, and that theme will really move on. The winners and the losers, we feel, are really going to be separated by a tight focus on better overall end-market growth, differentiated products and outstanding execution, and we are committed to those 3 things. And if you look at the investments that we've made throughout this year and will carry over into next year, we think they're pretty substantial. We've expanded our Indian manufacturing facility. We're going to open our second facility there in 2014. We've had commercial expansion throughout Asia, specifically in Singapore, Japan and the Middle East. We put numerous product managers across many business lines in IDEX. We put a new clean room into our Blackburn facility, which is our -- part of our sealing solutions business to support the scientific markets. We've continued the rollout of our X-SMART product, which has really been a hit. It's a low-end -- if you recall, it's a low-end automatic dispenser, and that's been successful in Europe. It's been successful in Asia. We feel good about that. And also, we opened up a new sales office for our sealing solutions business in Houston for the oil and gas markets, and we'll open a manufacturing facility in 2014 there. So we are definitely making the investments that we think are going to drive organic growth in the future. And these investments, we feel like they're bearing fruit. Now you've seen it in our recent order rate, certainly in profit and cash flow. And on top of continuing to invest organically, this kind of performance is allowing us to be disciplined with our balanced capital deployment strategy. So far this year, we put $192 million back into the pockets of our shareholders. We've continued our 30% dividend payout ratio. We bought back 2.5 million shares, so we feel good about that. And we've also continued our acquisition strategy. As you know, we made the acquisition of FTL early in the year for our sealing solutions business. That integration is on track. We feel good about that. And generally, we are continuing to keep our foot down on the overall acquisition process. We have a pretty healthy funnel today. We've got numerous deals that are in process. That being said, these things can be -- could have been said throughout the bulk of the year. And I think, as everybody knows, the market here is very challenging because of both price and terms. And so our overall effort here, certainly, the inputs and the outputs aren't matched. There's a lot of effort going into IDEX to make smart, strategic acquisitions. We'll continue to work the process. But we're going to be very, very disciplined. We're going to require -- we're going to acquire the right assets at the right prices that really do lead IDEX to be successful. So with that, let's turn to the third quarter detail. I'm on Slide 5. If you look at sales and orders, sales were $491 million, up 2% year-over-year, 1% organically. That being said, they were below our expectations. FMT was quite strong, while we had some pockets of softness in Diversified and in HST. That being said, we billed $41 million of backlog in the quarter. We had orders that were $532 million. They were up 14% year-over-year. 5% of that was due to another large dispensing order, but we still had very strong order growth even minus that. That dispensing order, by the way, is primarily going to ship in the first half of 2014. On the margin front, gross margins were up 250 basis points year-over-year. Operating margin was up 150 basis points to 19.8%. FMT saw expansion of operating profit margins 300 basis points. And HST was up 330 basis points. If you look at the margin expansion, it was really across a number of levers that we've continued to be able to move here at IDEX. We continue to get price. The restructuring and the complexity reduction benefits that we have continued to work are paying off. We did have some favorable mix, not so much segment to segment, but more around business line to business line, and we had excellent productivity in the quarter. This led to $0.78 of earnings growth -- sorry, excuse me, $0.78 of earnings, which is up 18% year-over-year. We did, however, have about $2.1 million of a tax benefit versus the guidance that we gave at the end of the second quarter. Finally, free cash flow was $113 million, 175% of net income, and I am very, very pleased with that performance. Our teams deserve to be congratulated for excellent working capital management in the quarter. All right. Let's move over to the segment discussions. I'm on Slide 6, and let's start with Fluid & Metering. Third quarter performance, it was very good. Orders and sales were up in every single platform year-over-year. Organic orders were up 9%. Organic sales were up 6%. And operating margins, as I said before, improved 300 basis points. If you look at how that broke down within the segment, Energy really led the segment in overall performance, very strong orders, sales and margins. There was strength in the electronic retrofits in North America, and their international aviation orders were also very solid. Along with that, the team executed very well across the businesses and across the globe, and we expect this kind of performance to continue as we move forward. In our Chemical, Food & Process platform, also had good performance. Order improvements were really driven by the investments that we've made in the Middle East and China. The core markets of Germany and North American distribution, I'm going to say they've been stable. So we're still getting good performance, but certainly not what we're seeing in the eastern part of the globe. There were some softness in projects here in CFP, and so we're going to keep paying attention to that. But the book-and-turn business has been good, and we think they'll finish the year nicely. Our ag business, it continues to perform. I will say, we've got a careful eye on the future. We're mindful of what's going on with farm income. But Banjo, it really has continued to have nice orders in the quarter. There were some early order patterns that we're keeping our eye on, but also really strong new product introductions coming out of Banjo. Our Water business, as you know, is broken down into 2 pieces: the water services and then the industrial. On the water services side, healthy growth in sales orders and margin, really driven by the performance of our iPEK business, which is in North America. They've taken substantial share with new product introductions. The markets themselves, if you just look at the underlying markets, I would still say that it's pretty modest improvement. As we said, in the second quarter, the disconnect between tax receipts and increase in spending hasn't happened yet, but quote activity is decent. This group, also, did a very, very nice job of improving overall profitability through complexity reduction and the productivity efforts that they've put forward. So nice job by the water services team. The industrial side, I'm going to say growth is pretty tepid in Europe and in Asia, but they are still getting nice productivity at that business. All right. Let's move on to Health & Science. I'm on Slide 7. In the third quarter, margin improvement is really the story here for the segment. Organic orders were up. They were up 2% year-over-year. Op margin, as I said before, expanded 330 basis points and up 150 basis points sequentially. Organic sales, as we had expected, did finish down 2% year-over-year. On the Scientific Fluidics business, really continued performance. They have had solid orders, sales growth in every quarter of the year. North America and Western Europe, those markets have continued to strengthen on top of what we had seen, was pretty nice performance coming out of Southeast Asia. And the team is really winning new share through product introductions and content on new platforms. So the strategy that they've had in place and they've been employing is certainly being successful. Our specialty sealing business was also strong. They had record order intake and excellent margin improvement. They had nice expansion in their scientific business and in their oil and gas business in North America and the Middle East and in parts of Europe. And I think there's really a positive outlook here for the balance of the year and as we think about 2014. If you turn to our Optics & Photonics business, their delivering margin improvement, as we had promised and as they had promised. As expected, orders and sales were down from prior year. In the fourth quarter, we start to anniversary the business that we walked away from last year. As you recall, we had said that was going to be $15 million to $20 million. It's going to be closer to $20 million, as we look at the comps. The industrial, the semiconductor and the defense markets, what I would say is they have stabilized. So we started seeing in the first quarter that order patterns had started to stabilize and flatten, and that has continued here into the third quarter. So we expect solid results as we go forward. They've got a very good cost structure, there's some top line stability and there's some new products in the pipeline there that we're starting to see move through. If you look at our material process platform, if you recall, that's a long cycle business. So there can be -- unlike most of the parts of IDEX, there can be a pretty good disconnect between order book and when sales hit. They've had 3 consecutive orders -- 3 conservative quarters of pretty good orders, really driven by North America and by Asia. They still have some top line softness in Q3 as those sales do lag the orders, but we think that will start to be positive in Q4. And I will say, also like in many parts of IDEX, they've got nice productivity gains in the quarter. Finally here on HST, our industrial-facing businesses, which make up about 30% of the overall segment, there were a couple of OEM pieces of business last year that did not repeat this year, and it did hit us on the year-over-year comparison, both in sales and in orders. So that was certainly a miss on that part of the business. With that, let me go to our final segment, Diversified. I'm on Slide 8. I'm going to take a minute here because there's a lot of moving parts in the 3Q overall performance, and so just to make sure you're clear on this. Orders were up 39% organically. But even if you separate that large order that they got in dispensing, they were still up 16%. As I mentioned before, that large dispensing order is going to ship in the first half of 2014, primarily. Organic sales were down 7% and operating margin was down 290 basis points. Both of those were entirely due to comping against the first large order that we received for Dispensing for 2012. So in the third quarter of 2012, we had a particularly large piece of business for that first replenishment order that we saw. If you subtract that, the rest of the platform performed pretty well. If you look at Dispensing, particularly, I think the story here is innovating to take share. As I mentioned before, the X-SMART product, it continues to get traction. Their overall growth in EMEA has been spotty, but North America and Asia have been pretty good. We continue to see some business gains here with low VOC programs in the U.S., in particular. And as I mentioned, this is the second notable, large Dispensing order that has come our way here in the last couple of years, and I think really shows our ability to capture share in a tough market and extend our leadership position. If you look at our Fire Suppression group, this is all about adjacencies and profit expansion. They really benefited from another order for the Fire Suppression trailers at power production facilities. They had pretty good order project business in China. I would say, North America and Europe have really just held steady. I think the same story around municipal budgets there and how their flow play out here in Fire also. But across the board, their growth initiatives and a great job in productivity have paid off. Rescue. In our Rescue business, orders were softer in the third quarter. And we saw a couple of project delays in the U.S. and in China, both of them really driven by things that are happening within the governments. The order that got delayed in the U.S. was really around, frankly, the shutdown. I hate to say that, but we did have something get delayed because of that. And in China, they're still working through a lot of budgeting items with the new government there. Overall, I'm pretty confident that these guys will continue on the growth path, and they had very good profit execution. Finally, Band-It. They continue to innovate and to execute. They had solid sales and excellent profitability in the quarter. They saw some growth in new vehicle platforms that have, frankly, been planned for, for a number of years that have been in development that are starting to roll out. And also, really good cable management orders in China. As you recall, we made an investment in expansion last year in -- for our Band-It business in China, and we're starting to see that bear fruit. Okay. I'm going to wrap up my remarks for the fourth quarter and for the full year guidance, and I'm on Slide 9. For Q4, we expect revenue growth to be about 5% up organically, acquisitions should add about 1 point and we have EPS ranging from $0.78 to $0.80 in the quarter. For the full year, we now expect EPS to be $3.05 to $3.07, with organic revenue about 2% for the full year, and operating margin is now expected to be about 19.5%. A few other modeling items to consider. We expect tax rate to be about 28.5% for the year; full year CapEx, $33 million to $36 million; and free cash flow, an outstanding 145% to 150% of net income. And as always, just remember that we exclude any impact from acquisitions in that guidance. So in closing here, we continue to post pretty good results in the face of a volatile economic environment, but we do expect this economic environment to be challenging. I do not expect to get any wind to our back here in the fourth quarter or, really, as we look into the intermediate feature. I'm very pleased with our team's focus on our strategy. We're making the long-term investments in organic growth that are going to allow us to really continuously execute around those core markets and products that we've talked about. I like the overall execution that we're seeing out of our team, and we will continue to remain disciplined and flexible and intelligent in our capital deployment. So with that, I'm going to stop here. And, operator, let me open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So really good leverage on the HST side from all the change you guys have made lately. So could you talk about a couple of things? One, anything going on there that you don't think is sustainable. In other words, is this a good base to build off of? And then two, maybe you could talk about what kind of lever you'd be expecting when you start seeing a little bit more normalized or healthy demand patterns across that enterprise.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So, Mike, first of all, what I would say is that generally the performance that we're seeing here is sustainable. We had a couple of items in the quarter that were a little bit discrete, meaning a little bit better profitability than you would normally see. So what I would say is the base we're building off is slightly below the overall performance that we saw in the third quarter, but it's going to be pretty close.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So still very good. And then the leverage on a forward basis, what kind of incrementals should we think about with all the changes you've made?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think you're still going to see pretty healthy incrementals. As we said before, in particular, this -- HST has the same kind of contribution margins, generally, that the rest of IDEX has. With -- the biggest piece that's kind of different is that we think we can grow the Optics business meaningfully without having to add a lot of structural cost, and that has a pretty high contribution margin. So historically, we've shot for 30% to 35% across the enterprise. You're going to see better than that, I think, for the next year or so in HST as you get traction.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Makes sense. And then on that dispensing order, I think you said front half of next year expected. Any reason why we wouldn't see kind of that normal spike on the margin line in FST in the front half of next year as a result of that order, all else equal?
Heath A. Mitts: Mike, this is Heath. No, you'll see a pickup in that first half, just as you would in normal -- when we've had projects in the past, we would expect it. It's just the project is at normal levels of profitability for that business, so we will see a spike in the first half next year.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Good. And then last one for me. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about underlying trends, as you work through the quarter, and just take a cross-section of what that typical short-cycle industrial kind of business would be? It doesn't sound like you're seeing a lot of improvement there. But any signs that you're getting a little bit of a sequential improvement in that kind of book-and-ship short-cycle industrial business or still pretty mixed?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Mike, it's still pretty mixed. So we're happy. If I kind of dissect it a little bit, right, so let's look at FMT orders. I mean, obviously, we're happy to post a 9% organic number. A bunch of that is certainly initiative driven. But also, it's a pretty easy comp. So I don't want to get too far out over my skis on that one. It would be great to kind of pound your chest a little bit, but I want to be realistic. I think if you look second quarter to third quarter, I would say the overall environment looks similar. We've seen a little bit of the same thing around North American distribution volatility. We certainly see it in our gas business, a little bit in our Micropump business, and those fall into the industrial side of HST. And so that's something that we've seen this for a while. There's been a lot of spikiness around that. And I think as you got close to the government shutdown this time, people got a little bit nervous in the third quarter. So far, order books for the fourth quarter don't show that there's any meaningfully negative thing. But at the same time, there's a lot of craziness going on in the world. So that's why we really remain pretty cautious.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell with Citi Research.
Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So this is probably the third quarter in a row of a record gross margin, I think. So can you give us a sense of what's driving that? Is there mix that's benefiting? Or could you quantify price, cost maybe? Or is there anything else worth noting that's driving the gross margin improvement?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Matt, from a price perspective, it's really no different than what we've seen in other quarters. That's not a -- that's a kind of consistent piece of it. I would say, we've got -- we're getting a lot of benefits from the restructuring that we did, certainly, last year. And also, if you look at, at our Optics business, our Fire business and our Water Services business, in particular our water business in total, those 3 businesses have meaningfully changed their margin profile. And so, you're certainly getting some benefit of that. And I would say, certainly, from a mix perspective, right, contribution margins are pretty darn good. And so, when you get some nice growth here, top line growth out of FMT, that helps there. So it's really across the board. There's no one item that you'd put your finger on and say, "That's the answer." And that's what we like, by the way, right? We want to see our teams driving profitability, pulling multiple levers.
Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. And to that point, I mean, incrementals have been about 60% year to date. I think guidance implies that goes more like to the mid-30s range. Is that...
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. You got to remember, right, we've got a lot of benefit out of the restructuring that we did last year from some of the complexity reduction, and that's not going to necessarily increase. That being said, we are going to do some targeted restructuring in the fourth quarter that we're going to eat in our P&L. And if you look at our earnings bridge, it certainly is in there. And I -- we're just going to pay for that. There are some things that we can do and we're going to do that are really just right for the business. And so, we'll do that in the fourth quarter. So we'll get a little bit of benefit, not a lot, but a little bit of benefit in 2014 from that.
Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And with leverage ticking down, I mean, net debt to cap is 17%, so I know you're working the M&A pipeline as much as you can. But how do you think about buybacks here? Any inclination to get more aggressive with share repurchases, as you have plenty of cash?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No. When we think about share repurchases, Matt, we really think about it from an intrinsic value standpoint. So we don't think of it as kind of how much cash you do or don't have on the balance sheet per se. It's more around a very long-term view of the company. And so, our overall strategy about being pretty consistent, except in times of dislocation, we'll keep that strategy in place.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just touching on the margins. Andy and Heath, you guys were, the first half of the year, really tempering us, I guess, on our expectations, just given some of the increased investments you were planning to do in the back half. Obviously, nice expansion in Q3. Was any of that investment pulled back? Or were you still able to achieve this with those investments?
Andrew K. Silvernail: We've made the investments, Allison. Obviously, in my remarks, we anticipated that people would have some questions around this, just because of the margin expansion. But we've made some pretty nice investments across the globe, and we feel pretty good about that. And I think it's showing in some of the order book.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No, that's great. And then just touching on the water comments, making sure I understand it. It's really IDEX-specific, not necessarily the market coming back, but your specific business and some of the market share you're gaining there?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Allison, did you say the water business?
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, correct. Sorry.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So I think it's mostly IDEX today. I will say that the business is modestly better. And the reason I say that is just some of the book-and-turn business has improved. There have really been 2 things that have driven most of the growth on the services side. So I'm going to split this, Allison, between services and industrial, because the services is really the piece that's touching the municipal market, which I think is what you're asking about. On the services side, we've had a really nice product introduction out of our iPEK business that has won a bunch of share in the U.S., and that's been a big piece. So if you kind of segment their daily book-and-turn business and that piece that we know is really about new products, so let's set that piece aside for a second, and then you look at our water services business, which is really a monitoring business, in which we're seeing some nice wins there, too, you can really see the very specific wins that are initiative based on how we've targeted markets. So if you take those 2 pieces out and you just kind of look at the underlying book-and-turn business, and you look at the not so much the order pattern, but the quote patterns, what they would tell you is it's modestly improved.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Could you start by kind of giving us a little bit more color on the expected organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter by segment?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure, you bet. Well, we don't typically break it out by segment, but we can give you kind of overall, our expectations for the business, which is we think that you're going to have about 5% coming directly from organic and another point from acquisition. As you know, we don't kind of break it out specifically like that.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. If you think about margins, obviously, a phenomenal performance over the last couple of years, taking costs out and improving the margins. Do you have any opinion on where peak margins for these businesses might fall?
Andrew K. Silvernail: What we've said in the past is we think that this is a portfolio that has the potential to be in the low 20s, right? And what I said before is I thought in at least 1 quarter of 2014, we'd hit 20%, from an operating profit margin. Obviously, we got pretty close here in the third quarter of this year. The -- so I think next year, we'll have at least 1 quarter where we'll hit 20%. And then as we go forward, I think we have the potential to be in the low 20s with the current portfolio as it's constructed today.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And I guess with the guidance for the fourth quarter, you're going to get pretty close to it there as well.
Heath A. Mitts: Nathan, this is Heath. Let me just add a little color. While we don't guide at the segment level for the next quarter out, just to give you a little flavor, though, and I want this on the record, is that all -- we're anticipating that all 3 of the reporting segments are in positive territory in terms of organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. In terms of further investments, in terms of taking out cost, taking out complexity, have you formulated those plans for next year? Have any idea kind of what cost benefits there will be going into 2014?
Andrew K. Silvernail: On the -- just the cost outside, we're going to -- as I said before, we're going to do some modest stuff that will eat in the P&L here in the fourth quarter on just kind of classic restructuring. We've got one facility that we're targeting to close. And then just some general restructuring around complexity reduction. And again, a lot of this, frankly, is happening outside of the United States. So the paybacks are just longer, right? So in the U.S., typically, you'll get a 12- to 18-month payback on that kind of stuff. When you look at anything outside of the U.S., it's 2 years and sometimes can even be more than that. So now that being said, on an ongoing basis, we are really going after -- maybe complexity reduction is not the right word, it's really complexity optimization. Because in our business, complexity is a piece of the competitive advantage, right? And you got to make sure you don't go too far down that path. And so for us, that's an ongoing thing, and we think there's some runway with continuing to do that in the portfolio.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you quantify the expense in the fourth quarter?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I don't think -- no, I don't think so.
Heath A. Mitts: We'll give you a sense for it in about 90 days.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So 2 questions that I had. How much of the restructuring savings are still to run through the P&L in 4Q? And how much is their spillover in '14?
Heath A. Mitts: The run rate that we're at right now is pretty consistent with what you'll see in the fourth quarter. There was, obviously, some fourth quarter actions taken last year that there'll be a little bit of an incremental benefit for. But we're -- for the most part, we're at that point. In terms of what spills over into '14, it's really the restructuring actions that we've completed here in the back half of the year, which are much smaller in aggregate versus the $30 million of costs we took out a year ago, and that will obviously have some benefit. There are some things we're going to do here in the fourth quarter, as Andy just discussed, that will obviously have some benefit as we go into next year in terms of footprint optimization and so forth. But we're not in a position to quantify that until we get some of these things done. And part of that isn't -- not trying to be cute with the numbers, it's that some of these things that we're getting done here in this quarter and we're going to just eat it in the P&L. We're not going to call it out separately. Some of those things are non-U.S. based, and they just have longer payback periods.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got it. So the other question relates to M&A, and a little bit quiet over the last 12 months, the whole bid-ask thing I know is working against a number of companies. Although you guys, I think, are more intentionally targeting the -- or at least more of the pipeline count is below 100. So just kind of wondering if you see anything, perhaps, closing in the fourth quarter? What is your confidence on closing something, maybe even within the next 6 months, if you need to extend the questions timing a little bit there? Just give us a flavor there, would you, Andy?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think -- let me just talk for a second about the overall market. I think the themes that have been playing out here for almost, geez, for going on 18 months, 2 years, about expanding multiples in the markets. And I think, as everyone knows, there are multiple drivers to that. You've got, certainly, the incredibly low cost to money, you've got some people chasing growth and you've got private equity that really has raised, what I'll call, the cover bid in a number of the places. And so, certainly, things that are north of $100 million, $150 million of enterprise value that are of any quality at all, you're seeing a lot of competition for those assets. That being said, the comments that we've made here for a while still ring true, which is in our sweet spot, which is kind of the small to middle market, there are still things to get done, and that's where we spend the bulk of our time. And so, if you look at our funnels and you look at our activity levels, they're pretty good. It's just breaking some of those things loose. So, Scott, to get to the point here, it's always hard to tell, right? In these sorts of things until you kind of get down to the last piece of it, it's difficult to say. And as I said in the second quarter and it holds true here in the third quarter, we've been close on a number of things that ultimately, for either price or terms, was not really the right thing for us. And so, we're going to be discerning. It's very hard to overcome buying something at the peak and it's very hard to overcome buying something for a very high price. And so, we're going to be very disciplined about this. So the answer is I don't know, Scott, around the fourth quarter or in 6 months. But I can tell you, we're working our tails off to do this. It's a very important part of our overall strategy, and it's something we're going to continue to do. And ultimately, right, these windows will open back up and we'll be certainly in a great position to execute.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Are the number of opportunities more skewed toward FMT right now?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, they're really not. They're really not. Actually, if you look at valuations, the valuations are actually a little higher on FMT-like properties than they are on HST-like properties. I would say that the funnels look pretty comparable.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Last question that I just thought of. I'm sorry, I always like to ask you this question, Andy. The -- on HST, particularly on the health, medical, the whole life sciences side of things. One of the things that I think you guys have been waiting for is this whole -- this next product cycle. Is there any change in your view that even if we pretty much like everything being pushed to the right, does it seem that way to you a little bit here even in that business? Or last time, I think we talked maybe about middle '14, where maybe you would start to actually see it and monetize it. Has that been pushed to the right? Just give us your sketch on that.
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, I don't think it has. So just for clarity, right, you're talking about what makes up about 30% of the HST segment?
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: That's correct, yes.
Andrew K. Silvernail: And in those businesses, certainly, I would say, that across our landscape of customers, the product cycles are moving forward. There is no inclination at all that those are slowing down. And I think you'll -- what you have is you've got some product cycles that are a little bit long in the tooth in a number of segments. So certainly, if you look at parts of diagnostics, that's absolutely true. And if you look at the analytical instrumentation market, that's a very competitive market for new product development, and that's moving forward. And then on the biotechnology side, that's a footrace. And so, I expect that that's going to continue to really take off. So my overall expectations for product cycles have not changed.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Paul Knight from Janney Capital.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: It's Paul Knight, Andy. And I wondered if you could put a little color around what markets you see is gaining any traction in the HST side. Particularly, do you see anything special occurring in mass spectrometry, sequencing or chromatography? Is there any highlights you see?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. I think that there are some, and I'll touch on all 3 of those, actually. If you look on the mass spec side, what you're seeing is very typical that you see in that marketplace, which is you're seeing mass specs now reach a price point and a capability point where the applicability to a number of applications is starting to open up. So the overall growth rates in that market continue to be very good, and I expect that they will be for a long time, just because the number of applications that they can touch now becomes accessible. And that's really very consistent with how these markets play out over time. And then a large installed base gets put in place. It really drives an aftermarket, and then the product life cycles continue to evolve. So we're pretty positive on mass spec. On ultrahigh pressure liquid chromatography, the overall -- if you look at kind of just the HPLC world, the unit volume there has been coming down for years in very small increments, while the UHPLC business continues to grow pretty quickly. Those businesses are now, from a dollar volume standpoint in the industry, are actually 50-50. And so, the UHPLC applications continue to grow there. On genome sequencing, I actually think it's kind of funny that it hasn't gotten the press, but the progress there has been much faster than people anticipated 3, 4, 5 years ago, including myself, in terms of getting down to applicability in the point-of-care market. We're still not at the point where you're going to sit in a doctor's office and they're going to give you an answer in an hour. But the cost points have definitely changed. And what that really matters so much is personalized care. And how that is exactly going to play out, that's -- I don't really know. But certainly, with the pressure on reducing the overall cost of treatment, that's going to be a meaningful piece of that. So I think all 3 of those, Paul, are going to be good stories for that 30% of our HST business.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Do you think you're seeing the pharma and biotechs finally pick up their R&D?
Andrew K. Silvernail: You got to realize that in the pharma side, that whole game has changed massively, right? It's changed so much over to the generics. And so I think the classic pharma guys, they're putting their money really in new drugs and they're trying to find kind of that next breakthrough drug. So I don't think you're going to see big changes in their R&D budgets. I would not expect to see that, but I think modest incrementals from here from what are pretty low levels right now, right? And the game has changed very, very much towards the generic guys. On the biotech side, that is, as you know, a really, really volatile market in many, many ways, because they're really trying to get the next breakthrough. And ultimately, they are kind of an R&D pipeline oftentimes for the big pharma guys. So that's going to be volatile, but it's going to grow pretty quickly.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just on the dispensing order, that roughly $23 million or so, does that fall ratably over the first half? Or is it heavily weighted one side or the other?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Charlie, the way that, that is going to flow, very, very typically with these sort of things, is that they're trying to get them in for the season. And so, you'll see that -- I mean, just from the fact of our ability to execute and our customers' ability to execute, it has to be somewhat ratable, somewhat. There'll be a little bit of a push here towards the end of May. There's no doubt about it. That's just the way it works. But I think you're going to kind of look at a manufacture-and-ship schedule, and I've looked at it discretely, that's going to be pretty level loaded.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And did I hear you correctly that in terms of a margin impact, it's not going to have a -- any kind of material negative impact on the overall segment margins?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Correct.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And just switching gear, on HST, you commented that the 30% of the business that's tied into -- OEM-related, there was a bit of a headwind there. Can you quantify in the quarter how much of a headwind you had from kind of the -- those programs not being there this quarter versus last year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's -- I'm going to guess here, 1 point or 2, in total, for the segment as a whole. There were 2 really discrete things that we comped in the quarter. But at the same time, let me be clear, the day rates in that side of the business weren't anything to get overly excited about either. So that certainly is -- that certainly was real, it was certainly there, but the day rates aren't exactly like they're blowing the doors off.
Heath A. Mitts: Charles, this is Heath. At the segment level, it was probably a couple of points.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I apologize if this has been answered already, Andy, but this is the first quarter in HST where you've generated 20%-plus operating margin since you bought CVI. Is that kind of -- are you -- have you set a new kind of low-water mark from profitability in this business, given the restructuring, the cost takeout, the productivity, all that?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Matt, that question was brought up a little bit earlier, and what we said to folks is, is that's a little bit inflated this quarter. There were a couple of discrete items that -- where we've got a little bit higher profitability than we normally would have. But I would say, generally, just below that is probably a new good mark, given the mix and given the overall volume.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then with respect to what you guys are doing with purchase materials, supply chain, what's sort of the annual savings run rate you're getting from specifically those initiatives?
Andrew K. Silvernail: We don't specifically break that out per se. What I can tell you is that our ultimate goal is to drive net productivity, both on the sourcing side and on the conversion cost. And so, obviously, in a world of low inflation, that's easier to do and can certainly help drive the bottom line, and we get a little bit of that today. But we don't actually break out that number discretely.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: As you're thinking about price increases for 2014, is there any reason that you would not get your typical 1 point, 1.5 points?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think it will probably be right in that range. Obviously, it falls into different buckets. It's harder in our HST businesses. It's a little bit easier in parts of Diversified and in parts of FMT. But generally, you should expect to see what you've normally seen out of us.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Well, Andy, first of all, I guess, as a Tigers fan, I'm a little less excited about the World Series. But I guess, congratulations to your Red Sox. Quick question on free cash, you've always been a really strong free cash company. And I see CapEx ticking a little bit lower here. I'm just wondering if you can comment on that. And maybe, more importantly, on the working capital lines, you've made some real, nice strides there in the last couple of years. I'm just wondering if you can say any more about what's left to be done there that you haven't done yet?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure, Kevin. Let me touch the capital side first. We're a little bit lower on the capital spend than we had expected to be at this stage of the year and, ultimately, just how it flows through when we did our operating calls here with our group here in the quarter. We were pushing them on that too, on making sure that we're not holding back any smart investments. Certainly, not intentional, being a couple of million dollars behind where we want to be. And we really -- frankly, we want to put as much capital as we can into organic growth. I mean, it's -- the return on invested capital is very, very high for our organic growth projects. And so, we are -- as we went through our strat planning cycle here in September and as we'll talk to our board in November, organic growth investments are going to be critical. So we certainly don't want to hold back capital to that regard. The -- as we think about working capital, we have made nice traction, and that's really come in a handful of ways. I think, first and foremost is we put a lot of time and effort into really understanding buying patterns, really understanding complexity of what we're buying, consolidating suppliers into the folks who are really our A suppliers and putting intelligent processes in place that aren't just squeezing our suppliers, and we look at our suppliers as being partners. And at the end of the day, right, our incremental margins and our return on capital, to save a couple of pennies in the supply chain when you can drive velocity, that's the trade-off you want. And our partners, I think, like that, and I think that has helped pay off. That being said, the gains that we've gotten here in the last 18 months, those get hard to replicate as you continue to drive that down. But we can get incrementally better as we go forward.
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So you brought up baseball earlier, so can use a baseball analogy here on all of these supply-chain partnering initiatives and things like that, that are hard to replicate? Are we in the later innings there now?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No. I think we're kind of still middle of the game here. There's a lot to do. And also, this is like one of those things that when you kind of open the box and you start going through it, you find new stuff every time, right? And it's really a matter of sticking with it on a consistent basis.
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally for me on the large dispensing order, I know you're always chasing things like this, but can you just give some sense for what else is out there? Are there other large, lumpy orders like this that we ought to be expecting over the next few quarters?
Andrew K. Silvernail: The term that you used around lumpy is right. These things tend to be in, from a customer perspective, in multiyear cycles. And so, we don't have anything here on the radar screen that looks anything like this. And frankly, I got to give the team a ton of credit. This was a share win. The win that we got here was very much a share win, and it came down to offering the best technology, absolutely great service and incredible attention to detail in the process. And so, while I don't see anything like this on the horizon, that team really needs to be congratulated for executing very well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass with Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Can we talk about IOP? You mentioned expectations for positive orders before the end of the year. How much of that is just the easy comps? And how much -- are you seeing something there in the channel that's giving you a little more confidence going to 2014 that people are going to get back on the horse and start purchasing components again?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think the first thing is easy comps, Mark, to be honest with you, right? We started seeing that. We consciously started to walk away from unprofitable business here. So the order run rate and the sales run rate that we're at today, we do have easier comps in the fourth quarter. So I want to be clear about that. That being said, there are some signs out there that are a little bit better. And part of that just comes down to the bottoming of a number of the markets that we've been playing in. We have a decent position around semiconductor. There are some expectations that next year that's going to pick up. We don't buy -- I'm not banking our plan on that and our teams aren't banking our team plan on that.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Never bank on semi.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Never. That's exactly right. And then they've done a pretty good job from a new-product perspective. So I feel, I'm going to say, cautiously optimistic about that. This has all have been -- this has all been about profit expansion, positioning the business properly, focusing on the right end markets and getting our teams focused on those markets. And as we go forward, I think that's where we can start to move the needle organically.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, a lot of questions answered. But looking at FMT, talking about HST margins, what kind of run rates are possible in the FMT margins? I mean, it seems like 25% is realistic, assuming more organic volume growth there.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. I mean, you can certainly -- it's possible. At the same time, right, I mean, you do have to make reinvestments in these businesses, right? And so, a lot of the benefit that we've gotten in FMT this year is from our Water business, which was a lower performer and has really improved profitability, very, very meaningful, just generally. And then if you look at our Energy business, not only have they had very nice order and sales growth, they've done a terrific job from a profit expansion. So I don't think you're going to find that same bag of tricks again in 2014 and beyond with our current portfolio. And you do have -- mix can swing a little bit. So I think where we're at today, we feel pretty good about -- you'll see kind of normal incrementals with volume as you go forward. But we feel pretty good about where we are.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Actually I have one more question. On ag, you mentioned you're watching it very closely. Do you think it's likely that it declines in 2014?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I don't think so. There's nothing that's happening in the channel that says that. But there's enough noise around crop prices and farm income that you've got to be mindful. And also, and we just recognized that when the end -- when the customer, meaning the OEM, when they turn off the spigot, they don't turn it off slowly, right? And so we are -- we want to make sure that from an inventory standpoint, we're intelligent. And as you know, in the past, when that does happen, we tend to see a pretty healthy swing in our business mix that moves over to the aftermarket. So if you remember, this is, what, a 60-40 aftermarket, 65-35 aftermarket?
Heath A. Mitts: 65-35.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So it's a healthy piece of aftermarket that doesn't necessarily get impacted so much by that spigot being turned on or off. So I think for 2014, we still have a positive outlook. We're going to keep our eye -- and the team are really keeping our eye on the trends. But generally, they hold up well even when you see a slowdown there.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue at this time.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks, Jennifer. Well, everybody, thank you again for joining us for our third quarter call. Again, we're happy about our overall execution in the quarter, and I'm very proud of our teams and what they've gotten done here. At the same time, we're very mindful of an economy that still has issues. And so we're going to be prudent, we're going to be intelligent about where we invest in our core. We're going to be very focused on execution, and we'll be intelligent with our capital. So again, I appreciate your time, and I look forward to talking to you here for the fourth quarter call. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael John Yates - Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President Andrew K. Silvernail - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Heath A. Mitts - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research Partners, LLC John R. Moore - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. My name is Ryan, and I will be your conference operator this morning. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for IDEX Corporation.
Michael John Yates: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX second quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3-month period ending June 30, 2013. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are: Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with Andy providing a summary of the second quarter 2013 financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the third quarter and the full year 2013. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay of the call beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll-free number (855) 859-2056 and entering conference ID number 26074056, or you may simply log on to our company's home page for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our Chairman and our CEO, Andy Silvernail. Andy?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review the second quarter. As you see in our earnings release, we delivered record results. We had solid progress in gross and operating margins and cash flow, and again delivered solid double-digit EPS growth. The overall environment continues to be tepid however, and we need to make our own luck. We'll focus on our strategic priorities for driving organic growth, executing around our customers and products and disciplined capital deployment. In line with what we expected coming into the year and similar to the update we gave in Q1, the overall macro environment is challenging. We believe this will continue for the balance of the year and potentially beyond. I'd like to take a minute to walk you through what we're seeing around the globe. North America is solid and we saw sequential and year-over-year top line improvement. We expect this trend will continue with mid single-digit growth for the rest of the year. The one yellow flag in North America is some softness in short-cycle distribution that we saw in the last month or so in the quarter. This was apparent in each segment and feedback from customers on the balance of the year is cautious. That said, I get the sense that everyone is waiting to see how the summer is going to play out. Everyone remembers the past 2 summers and they don't want to get stuck again. Across the rest of the world, growth and expectations vary widely. The European markets have begun to gradually stabilize, and we're in a wait-and-see mode. Further contractions in select markets is possible, and for the remainder of the year, we're still in a wait-and-see mode generally. There's still very little overall confidence across the customer base, and the political and fiscal variables have the potential to create dramatic swings. We see the Asian industrial markets continuing to decelerate, mostly by -- driven by China. While most HST and some diversified businesses are stronger, there's a great deal of hesitancy up and down the industrial supply chain, in China specifically, and we believe there's more downside than upside in the near future. The balance of Asia and the Middle East are up modestly, while Central and South America are also growing slowly. Regardless of the environment, we're in a very good overall market exposure and we'll execute well. We should continue to see organic growth driven by global oil and gas, chemical, life cycle infrastructure and a continued improvement in several Health & Science businesses. We'll also make further investments into aftermarket and emerging economies. As we always do, we'll organize and execute around the handful of priorities to drive value. We saw the benefit of this in the second quarter. We increased order growth in attractive end markets, improved gross margins 190 basis points and operating margins of 70 basis points. And we delivered free cash flow of $103 million, that's up 46% year-over-year. Strong cash generation, a hallmark of IDEX, enables our disciplined capital deployment strategy. As I mentioned in the first quarter, our capital deployment will consist of a balanced approach of funding organic growth first, strategic acquisitions, dividend growth and then share repurchases. Through the second quarter, we returned $157 million to shareholders through approximately a 30% dividend payout and a repurchase of 1.6 million shares. We also completed the acquisition of FTL. I want to take a minute and talk specifically about acquisitions. We remain active and disciplined in pursuing acquisitions that build on our platforms and accelerate our growth into attractive markets and geographies. We've completed 1 transaction this year and 4 in the past 18 months. We've also come close to closing a few medium-sized deals that we walked away from, either because of valuation or deal structure. Our current deal funnel is solid, but we're going to be very disciplined. While acquisitions are an important component of our strategy, our goal is to drive superior total shareholder return, and we will be vigilant in using your capital well. Now let's turn to the second quarter detail, I'm on Slide 5. We achieved record sales of $518 million, up 5% year-over-year and sequentially and up 2% organically. Orders totaled $506 million, which were up 9% from prior year due to strong organic order growth of 6%. We did take down backlog $12 million, but this is pretty typical in 2Q. And year-to-date, we've built $9 million of backlog. Operating margin were 19.2%, increasing 70 basis points from prior year and holding consistent with the first quarter, highlighted by an improvement of 280 basis points in Fluid & Metering and 250 basis points in Health & Science. I'll discuss these results in more detail in the segments, but I'm pleased with the overall expansion of margins. Second quarter EPS of $0.76 represents a 13% increase from prior year. And as I mentioned earlier, cash flow is $103 million, up 46%. The second quarter continued to build on the momentum from the first quarter, and we are well positioned to continue our track record of strong execution for the remainder of the year. Our consistent improvements are a testament to the strength of our team and their ability to look past uncertain economics and focus on the core strengths to deliver value. With that, let's move to the segment discussion. I'm on Slide 6, and let's start with Fluid & Metering. For the second quarter, organic orders were up 10%, organic sales were up 7% and operating margins improved 280 basis points, driven by volume strength and operational execution. Within our Energy platform, we saw healthy order growth and sales and margin improvement, due primarily to the continued rebound in the North American LPG market and global truck builds. This was combined with favorable mix and productivity. We fully expect continued improvements in our Energy businesses throughout the balance of the year. Our Chemical, Food & Process platform continues to be strong in the chemical markets, particularly with project opportunities and investments in Asia and the Middle East. We don't anticipate major improvements or declines in these markets for the remainder of 2013. Our Ag business performed well. Weather-related delays shifted business from the first quarter to the second quarter, as you know. Orders and sales were strong versus prior year. And though it's been a wet spring, we're confident that the second half of the year will remain stable, as the team looks to generate further growth from aftermarket sales and new product introductions. Our Water group, which focuses on the municipal services market, saw their project funnel stabilize and the team executed extremely well on productivity gains and they drove substantial profit improvement. Growth in the project funnel is being driven primarily by North America, while Europe remains weak. The other part of our Water business, which focuses on dosing pumps for industrial and water treatment applications, has been sluggish globally due to soft general industrial markets. But these are offset by strength in oil and gas, and our team has been very effective with cost management. All right, let's move on to Health & Science. I'm on Slide 7. For the quarter, HST delivered organic growth of 1%, a nice margin expansion of 250 basis points year-over-year and 40 basis points sequentially. As we expected and communicated, organic sales finished down 2% year-over-year, but up 2% sequentially. Scientific Fluidics delivered another quarter of strong order and sales growth. The North American and select European markets have strengthened, while the Asian markets continue its positive year-to-date performance. We expect this trajectory to continue, bolstered by excellent productivity and solid new product development. The Optics & Photonics platform continues to see the benefits of our cost-out actions from last year. As expected, orders and sales are down from prior year, but profitability has shown substantial improvement. Top line growth has been tempered by the impact of a suppressed semiconductor market. Going forward, we anticipate some top line improvements from healthy order activity in the U.S. industrial and life science markets, coupled with new product initiatives. Our Material Process platform, or MPT, is a long-cycle business that has seen 2 consecutive quarters of strong order growth, and we anticipate further growth in the second half of the year, particularly in Asia and North America. Additionally, MPT leadership has continued to drive margin improvements through productivity. The outlook for the platform is positive. Within our specialty seals business, augmented by the March acquisition of FTL, we've seen excellent order intake and record sales for the quarter. The broader outlook continues to be positive driven by strong performances in North America and EMEA regions. They are well positioned in their core markets and anticipate capitalizing on increasing demand throughout the year. All right, I'm on our final segment, Diversified and I'm on Slide 8. For the quarter organic orders were up 3%, while organic sales declined 1%. Operating margin decreased 270 basis points in the quarter, primarily due to lower volumes and a charge associated with the facility disposals. Within Dispensing, the X-SMART product has continues to gain market share in emerging markets and Asia. Additionally, Eastern European markets have seen a recent pickup in demand due to new store openings and construction, and we anticipate further growth in North America as continued low VOC programs drive automation upgrades. In the second quarter, our Fire Suppression group benefited from geographic expansion, particularly in China and Eastern European markets. This covered softness in the North American orders. We also continue to experience exceptional profitability from the facility consolidation in North America. The Rescue business is experiencing similar market trends as Fire. Funding from Eastern Europe has ticked up in the quarter and has been augmented by Chinese project business. Orders and sales remained consistent in the quarter, and our team is looking to drive profitability in the third quarter through targeted cost actions and new product introductions. Finally, Band-It posted solid sales and a record profitability in the second quarter. Sales were driven by new vehicle platforms in North America and continued cable management orders in China. The profitability improvement is driven by favorable mix and excellent productivity. The team continues to do a very, very nice job at Band-It. All right, I'm going to wrap up my prepared remarks with our third quarter and full year guidance. I'm on Slide 9. Q3 organic revenue growth will be approximately 3% to 4%, which aligns with our expectations heading into the year. Acquisitions will have a positive 2% impact on Q3 sales and we estimate EPS ranging from $0.72 to $0.74. For the full year, we're increasing our EPS guidance to $2.93 to $2.98, with organic revenue growth of approximately 3% for the full year. Full year operating margin is expected to remain around 19%. Here are a few other modeling items to consider: tax rate is anticipated to be approximately 29%; full year CapEx will be roughly $36 million to $38 million; and free cash flow will significantly exceed net income. Finally, our earnings guidance excludes acquisitions and the cost or charges associated with future acquisitions. In summary, IDEX has continued to post strong results even in an uncertain world. Our team is focused on our strategy and leveraging our strengths, and we'll continue to invest for organic growth, execute around our customers and products and be intelligent in capital deployment. All with a focus on delivering superior shareholder returns. With that, operator, let's stop here and open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt McConnell from Citi Research.
Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That was a great margin in FMT. Could you touch on the sustainability of that profitability? And if you hold margins even within a few points of that in the back half, it makes the high end of the revised guidance look fairly conservative. So is there something else that I should be thinking about with that 19% margin guidance for the year for the whole company?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, Matt, first of all, specific to FMT, you got to remember, this is probably our best mix quarter for FMT just because you got real strength in the Ag business in the second quarter, you go into the softer season because this is -- really, the big sell season is the second quarter, you get a lot of volume and obviously a lot of variable margin that comes with that, with Ag. The second part is we're seeing some really nice improvement in Water. Frankly, the team has done a great job of improving profitability throughout the Water Services business, and that piece is sustainable. So obviously, we're thrilled with the performance of the margins. But you should remember that the second quarter is pretty consistently the highest margin quarter. Heath, anything to add there?
Heath A. Mitts: No. I mean, we're guiding approximately 19%. Mix in a given quarter can swing us 30 bps either direction. So is it conservative, could we be in the low 19s possibly, and we'll continue to update you as the year progresses.
Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then anything else you can share on some of that short-cycle caution towards the end of the quarter? Any businesses in particular that are worth highlighting or that we should keep an eye on?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Matt, it was actually pretty broad based in North America. We saw it in FMT, in a handful of businesses that have a lot of classic distribution exposure. We even saw it in parts of HST where we have that, specifically the industrial-facing businesses of Micropump and Gast, and then same thing in Diversified. So we saw it -- I'd say it was 4 to 6 weeks before the end of the quarter, so half way through, maybe a little bit past that. What I'll say is that in July, it doesn't look like that has continued. It looks like that's -- it's ticked back to our expectations, so I'm not overly concerned. But when we see that just given what's happened the last 2 summers, we think it's prudent to be cautious.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: The question I would have for you is -- or 2 questions maybe, maybe one is around the FSD margin, which I thought this quarter would have benefited from mix with the Dispensing business declining off of a tough comp from the program. Was that -- is there just a lot of spending taking place in that business for future sales, Andy?
Heath A. Mitts: Scott, this is Heath. I'll take this one. There's really 2 things that impact it, and I'll go ahead because we did get a couple of questions yesterday. So just to get on the record here, we did take a facility charge associated with the disposal of the Conshohocken facility in Pennsylvania that we consolidated into our Ocala, Florida facility late last year. And as we've worked through that building sale, there was about a $1 million charge that hit that segment that was recorded in the second quarter. The other piece of it was primarily mix within the segment. And your point on Dispensing is noted. But even without that, we saw higher -- as a proportion of sales within the segment, we saw higher growth out of some of the Fire businesses relative to the growth that we saw at Rescue, and that swung quite a bit. And then within some of the segments, there were some mix that went the other way relative versus the prior year. So nothing on the spending side, if anything, it was the other. We continue to take costs out.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Understood. Okay. So if we look across your third quarter organic guidance being a little bit higher, is that -- would you guys say that, that was more just kind of the same trends but easier compare, particularly given I guess maybe a little bit of maybe helping connect the dots here, if you could, the organic orders were up nicely, but then you talked about the end-of-quarter stuff that, I don't know, maybe that could impact the orders as much. But just trying to get a feel for whether the second half certainly, the third quarter in particular, that the organic is up more because of the comp and then maybe marry into that the -- what we saw in the orders versus what you're seeing for the third quarter.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure, Scott. Really, this is the same story that we've been talking about all year. The comps in the back half of the year are meaningfully easier than the comps in the first half of the year. And if you recall, we kind of noted to folks in the past, don't get too excited about some of the year-over-year postings and really look at it sequentially. And so as we look at the back half of the year, we think, sequentially, it's plus/minus -- it's really plus/minus $10 million on either side of $500 million for each of the quarters. And so it's really very much in line with what we had expect to come into the year and it's mostly against the comps.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And Heath, this is my last question. I know that you came into 2013 with some cost savings that you would benefit from -- for 2013 and '14 from the restructuring. Could you tell us kind of how much of that we've burned through in the first half of the year?
Heath A. Mitts: Scott, most of -- or I'd say certainly north of 50% of those costs were taken out in the back half of 2012. So there's still some more to go to anniversary some of those, and I think you'll see that in some of the margins as we progress through the back half of the year. But you also have to keep in mind, there's a couple of things that -- some reinvestments that we've talked about earlier in the year that we want to make and we will make to fund future organic revenue growth, and we are queued up to make some of those investments in the third and fourth quarter to join some of the investments that were made in the second quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Robert W. Baird.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about what customers are saying on the HST side of the business, specifically what the tenor is from the semiconductor-oriented customers, as well as kind of the core legacy life science fluidics guys? .
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure. if you look at it, life science is actually pretty decent, and you guys are seeing it from the major customers that we service and you're seeing kind of mid-single-digit growth. I will say that we are outperforming that generally, mostly from a focus of, regionally, we put some pretty strong emphasis on regional sales and applications capability and then new product development. So those markets are solid, and I think they're going to continue that way. All indicators suggest that that's going to be the -- kind of how that plays out for the balance of this year and probably into next year. Semi is still really tough. There's no 2 ways about it. You're seeing that market still soft. We see it across our Health & Science. And we also service, as you know, semi from other parts of our business, in FMT in particular. So we're seeing across the board that semi is soft. I know there was originally talk of it picking up in the back half of this year, now it seems to be getting pushed to '14. Frankly, how we deal with that is we keep ourselves very flexible to be able to deal with it on the upside, but really size our businesses that have heavy semi exposure for a tougher market.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then back on the FSD margin side, I appreciate the facility charge given in the press release, but good to have the number. Could you talk about mix then on a forward basis from here? I know things are a little bit off in this quarter, as Heath mentioned, but do you expect something a little more normalized as you work through the year? What should we think about there?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think it ends up being kind of flattish from what we're looking at here today, so 20, low 20s, op -- segment op margins, I think that's probably pretty consistent as we work through this year. As you know, as you get to the latter part of the year, the fourth quarter, dispensing becomes a bigger overall piece of the pie. And you see in the first and the fourth -- basically in the fourth and first quarters. But I would say, generally, you should expect that to look pretty consistent with what you're seeing right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Heath, I just want to touch on, you talked about the reinvestment in Q3 and Q4, and obviously, still some nice margin expansion outside of that. Is there any way to sort of quantify what that impact is or could be?
Heath A. Mitts: We haven't -- I would say, other than what we went into the year with, in terms of quantifying the add-backs, we haven't quantified what that'll be, and obviously, it's somewhat sensitive in terms of our internal timing and so forth, so we're not going to disclose that. But it's important investment that we're make in the front end of our business and into technical sales and addressing some of the emerging markets where we haven't had as much penetration historically. So I know that's an unfulfilling answer, Allison, but we're not going to quantify that at this time.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Let me add to that a little bit. I think we have already started making these investments, so we've been making these throughout the year. And we find very, very consistently that when we put sales applications capability, engineering, then ultimately production closer to our customer, we see terrific growth. A good example of that is what's going on in India, which has had kind of difficult market conditions. But we opened the facility in November of 2011. We actually met our 5-year goals in -- already, so we've already met what our 5-year goals were in kind of 2 years, and decided to accelerate our build-up plan and put in another facility in Baroda, India. And so that kind of strategy is really what we're looking at throughout the emerging geographies, those kinds of investments, but really, with an emphasis on the front-end growth prospects.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great, great. And then, Andy, you touched on -- you gave us some nice color on the acquisition environment. I think the last we talked, it sounded like multiples in HST were a little bit more favorable than maybe FMT. Could you give any sense if that shifted at all at this point, or if it's still pretty consistent with what you said before?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's really consistent. We've seen -- pretty much throughout this entire year, we've seen elevated multiples in the fluidics side of the world or the industrial fluids side of the world, and that's really continued. I think you all have seen some of the multiples that have happened in that side of the world, and we're just having to be careful. If you look at HST, there are some places that have more attractive multiples generally. And if you look the last acquisitions we've done, they've fallen in that space principally because of that and we've acquired for around 7, 7.25 turns, and so that's pretty attractive. But I will say that the acquisition environment is challenging from an overall valuation perspective, and we got to stay very, very disciplined.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady from BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just on FMT, can you quantify the impact that the Ag shift had on Q2 results?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. Charlie, it's not big for the business as a whole. It's meaningful for them. But recall they're kind of 5-ish percent of IDEX, so it's not a big needle mover for IDEX as a total. But if you recall that the first quarter, it was really wet and there was a heck of a lot of precipitation between snow and rain, and so that did push it a little bit to the second quarter, but not a big needle mover for IDEX as a total.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: All right. And then on HST, given your commentary about the significant margin improvement in Optics & Photonics, would you expect second half HST operating margin to be above first half?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It may be a little bit. We're starting to see some sequential improvement. We might see a little bit more, but we are going to start to anniversary -- the cost takeouts, as you recall, we took out $29 million from a company perspective, but those costs in Optics, in particular, started coming out much earlier, right? So we're starting to anniversary some of that already -- most of that already. We got a little bit more. We're in a position now at Optics that this is -- to move from kind of where we are today to the significantly higher margin levels is going to be volume-driven. But I think we'll get a little bit of wind in our back in the second half.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. One final one. In your commentary in the press release, and I guess, a little bit in your prepared remarks about new organic growth opportunities remain the highest priority. That strikes me as more of a shift than even maybe the commentary last quarter, and certainly, historically for IDEX in terms of focus on M&A opportunities. I'm just trying to -- maybe you can elaborate a little bit more about that, about -- is that correct? And should we expect to see -- I know what you said about the funnel being pretty full, but should we expect, on a go-forward basis, the M&A to be not as large a contributor as we've seen historically for IDEX?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, not at all, Charlie. I think M&A is very important to the overall strategy of the business. And it's going to be -- it will be, as far as I can see for the foreseeable future, I can't see how that would ever really change. But on the organic side of it, it really is the best investment we can make as a company. When you look at the returns on invested capital on organic investments, they're far and away the most attractive investments that we can make as a company. That being said, we can -- we are fully funding organic growth as it is today. We put $17 million incrementally in from the $29 million of costs out that we took last year. But even after that, we have an awful lot of free cash flow as you're seeing. And that free cash flow, when we can get transactions done that meet our return hurdles and really are going to be strategically and financially additive to the business, we are absolutely going to do acquisitions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Maczka of from BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Andy, the free cash is always the focus here, of course, and I'm just wondering if you can say a little bit more about how you grew that 46% when organic revs are only up 2% and earnings are up 13%. Can you talk about the working capital or any other lines? Was there anything unusual there that drove such a strong performance there?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Kevin, the biggest piece of that was really on the working capital side. We've got $19 million of benefit out of driving working capital, and that is just a focus that we've had really in combination with our overall focus of execution. We have -- we're fortunate to have the structural dynamics that we have at the company and really outstanding cash flow. And frankly, I think that's one of the areas that people don't pay enough attention to with this company is just how strong the cash flow is and our ability to drive working capital improvements. Even from where we are today, we'll do it incrementally, we'll do it consistently. You should expect to continue to see nice, strong cash flow improvements.
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then just one more for me, if I can follow up on one that maybe Scott asked earlier. Just in terms of organic growth and the comps that you talked about, so they're much easier in the second half but they're similar in Q3 and Q4. It looks like from the way you've guided organic growth, 3% to 4% in Q3, but then we probably need to be closer to 7% in Q4. And I know we had some order uptick, which was nice, this quarter, but there was some pull-forward in Ag, and I'm wondering if you can just talk about your visibility to be in maybe a high single digit kind of range out in Q4?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Kevin, I think that the math -- I think your math is a little high. I think it's more like 5% in Q4 that you back into to get it for the year and -- plus or minus. And again, that's going to look on a sequential basis. It's going to be pretty consistent with the patterns you've been seeing. But certainly, we have easier comps in the back half of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones from Stifel.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'd just like to get back to the reinvestments that you're making in the company. I mean, we can obviously say, SG&A as a percentage of sales has risen. I assume that would be for those reinvestments. Could you talk about when you expect to start seeing noticeable benefits? When you start to see leverage on that SG&A line? And where do you think SG&A as a percentage of sales should sit longer term?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Nathan, actually, when you look at SG&A, the increase that you're discussing as a percent of sales is driven almost exclusively from the amortization of deals that we've done, and if you back out that, we actually are getting the leverage. We're starting to get some leverage off of the gross margin improvement. And the reinvestments that we've done this year really were a cut and build, right? We cut from other parts of the organization and reinvested back in. So net-net, we're actually not showing a dollar increase in SG&A, other than just the amortization that you're seeing from the deals. So you should consistently see the kind of leverage that we've talked about. When you're, call it, from sub-3% organic growth, we should consistently deliver kind of the 30-ish, maybe even a little bit better op profit improvement of about 30% flow-through at the op line. And if you get north of 3% and certainly you get towards 5%, that grows. As you know, we've got contribution margins that are sitting north of 60% for the business. And so when we get volume certainly in that 4% or 5% range, it flows through very nicely.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And in Europe, you, I think for maybe the first time this quarter, commented on it having stabilized rather than continuing to go down. Can you kind of parse that out in a bit more detail through different parts of your business where you're saying maybe improvement versus things still continuing to decline?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure, sure. So Nathan, let me do that by segment I think is probably the best way to do it. If you look at HST, actually, pretty solid in Europe, specifically with Scientific Fluidics and with our sealing business, both of those were actually -- they were solid. They were strong in Europe. And those markets seem to be a little bit more favorable. In the Scientific Fluidics side, I think it's really, overall, market-driven; and on the sealing side, it's really us taking share in Europe. If you look at FMT, there -- it's more business specific with what I'll call execution. I don't think the markets themselves are getting any better. And also just to clarify, the word stabilize, we obviously chose that specifically because it's not getting better, it's just not getting worse, and...
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Which is an improvement, right?
Andrew K. Silvernail: And we'll start to comp against that as we get to the back half of the year, in the first part of next year, you'll start to comp against that. Diversified is really a mixed bag. And what I mean by that is Eastern Europe, we're doing really well at Rescue, we're doing well in Dispensing, we're doing well in Band-It. So really, across the board, Eastern Europe is doing well. Southern Europe, where we have some pretty strong Dispensing overall exposure is still weak, and I would actually say, that's still probably getting a little bit worse. I don't think that's getting better. But certainly, the Northern countries have at least stabilized. Germany has been a little bit kind of off again, on again here over the last 6, 9 months. It held up real well early. It got pretty soft there end of the first quarter, beginning of second quarter, and I'd say it stabilized to uptick a little bit in the back part of the second quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from KeyBanc.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Early on, Andy, you indicated that there's a great -- pretty good amount of hesitancy on the part of your customers in China from more of a general industrial standpoint. And then throughout your prepared remarks, there were also some favorable China comments kind of sprinkled in there with some of the other businesses. So big picture, I guess, help me put all that together in terms of what you're actually seeing there right now?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Matt, that's a great question. The positives that we're seeing in China are really business-specific. So if I look at -- as an example, if you look at HST, the strength that we're seeing in China is coming out of the fact that we've made more investments in Asia, specifically in Singapore, and then the business is going into China, not through Singapore. And we've just done a nice job of putting more resources on the ground and growing the business. In Diversified, I'd say the same thing. We've put more resources on the ground. At Band-It, we put a new facility in last year for Band-It, and that's done real well. And frankly, the Dispensing business has done well in China. And so those are -- and then also the Rescue business. So those are really business-specific. My negative comments were more around kind of the classic industrial infrastructure-related stuff, where, to be candid, I am concerned about that. I think there is definitely more downside than upside risk in the near future. The overall fiscal constraint that the government is trying to put in place, the fact that there has been tremendous overbuilding, I think there's going to be pressure for some time on the industrial side of the business. And the folks are going to do well I think are either going to be business-specific or really sector-specific that are going to continue to grow as incomes grow in China.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just one follow-up on HST. Again, kind of bigger picture, what sort of has to happen for that business or that segment to kind of get back on a sustainable positive, acceptable, organic growth trajectory that I would imagine from a senior management standpoint would be nothing less than mid-single digits.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, you're dead right, that is our expectation. Scientific Fluidics is actually at or above that right now. Sealing is at or above that right now. Optics, as we had said it would be, we're still working through the business that we consciously walked away from, and so we're going to have a little bit of headwind here still going into the third quarter. But we're -- I'm willing to trade that, frankly, for the profit improvement that we're getting there. And then MPT, actually, the order growth is pretty solid and we'll catch that as we move through the balance of the year. That's one of our businesses, one of our very, very few businesses that has a longer cycle from a book-to-bill perspective. So really, what I think you've got to see here is, as we get into the third and fourth quarter, is that things are going right around life sciences and around the sealing business to continue, and frankly, lap the business that we consciously walked away from at Optics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Noorigian from Vertical Research.
Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: I was wondering if we could put maybe a certainly finer point on the reinvestments being made in Q3 and Q4. I was just wondering, how does that compare, whatever the amount is, to what your original plan was going into the year? And maybe a related question is, it looks like your CapEx expectations have been coming down the last few quarters, not by a huge amount, but it does look like things are stalling in that regard. I was wondering sort of how did the reinvestment plan kind of compare to your original plans coming into the year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: So let me touch on the CapEx first. I wouldn't take that as a signal of any kind. It's just kind of how things are flowing, to be frank. And so we might find that next year instead of $40 million, it's $42 million, as an example, right? It's kind of a plus or minus, so I wouldn't read into anything there. From a reinvestment standpoint, we're very much on track. As you recall in the fourth quarter comments and in the first quarter comments, we said we are going add back $17 million, and we said that we are going to do it based on kind of market conditions and our ability to get it done and still deliver on our expectations. And we're right on track. So there's a little bit more in the third and the fourth quarter than you saw in the second, and that's one of the reasons also that we're not kind of guiding up margin expansion as you might expect, as some of you might expect why we're kind of holding that 19 to low 19s. But it is a little bit more as we go into the third and fourth quarter.
Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then just kind of broadly on the price cost dynamics, what would you see in the quarter, and what do you have baked into the guidance for the rest of the year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's really very stable. And when you kind of look at that price cost environment, it's pretty stable. We said we get 1 to a little north of 1 in terms of price for the year. And that's pretty how it's playing out, Heath, right?
Heath A. Mitts: That's right.
Andrew K. Silvernail: And the overall inputs had been good. As you know, the structural benefits that we have because we're so nichey and we really have these terrific niche positions in our ability to pass on price, that also works a little bit against us when you're looking back to the supply chain, because we don't have a big consolidated buys to go lever. But generally, what I would say is, the price cost ratios are very much in line with what we had expected for the year, and it's a pretty stable overall environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Moore from CL King.
John R. Moore - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just one question here at this point. I'm interested in your comments about the short-cycle distribution business being weak here that you made at the beginning of the call. I'm just curious what businesses within the portfolio is that having the largest impact on? Or I guess, alternatively, assuming the short-cycle markets do turn here, what businesses within the portfolio do you think stand to benefit the most?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. It's really pretty -- if you look across our segments, all of our segments have some kind of exposure like that. So if you look FMT, Warren Rupp, as an example, has that exposure. Within HST, Gast and Micropump have that exposure. Within Diversified, Band-It has that. I'm just kind of giving the examples. And they have -- they tend to be, we use the term internally canaries in the coal mine, we kind of use those as a gauge of what's going on with overall distribution. And frankly, we get pretty rapid feedback, right? We see movements within 30 days or even less. We can see what's going on. And we saw that slowdown kind of 6 -- 4 or 6 weeks left of the quarter, and that just gives us -- gave us pause. At the same time, we've seen some of this behavior towards the end of quarters for a while here, where either people are trying to tuck in cash flow, trying to gauge a cash flow, or we're -- I think what we're hearing here is everyone just got bit in the summer of '11, and they got bit again in the summer of last year and people were pretty hesitant. And again, the first 2 or 3 weeks of this quarter, that trend has lessened. So it leads me to believe that everyone kind of took a big deep breath and held off at the end of the quarter.
John R. Moore - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. Have you provided any breakdown as to what part of your portfolio you think is short cycle versus long cycle?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Almost all of it is short cycle, and you're talking 90% of the business. I mean, in general, if you look at it, we keep -- in total, we keep, what? Less than a quarter of backlog in total. And about 50% to 70% of that typically will ship within that next quarter. So it's we are pretty much a short-cycle business.
Operator: You have no further questions on the line. I would now like to turn the call back over to the presenters.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thank you very much. Well, again, we appreciate everyone taking time this morning, and being -- your interest in IDEX and your investment in IDEX. We're obviously pleased with how we executed in the quarter, and think we're pretty well positioned for the balance of the year. But the reality is, is that the world is still difficult, and we're going to be prepared for that and we're going to be prepared to deal with whatever environment is thrown at us. And our focus here on delivering for you and on execution is paramount. So thank you all for your interest, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael John Yates - Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President Andrew K. Silvernail - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Heath A. Mitts - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division R. Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Andrew Breichmanas - BMO Capital Markets Canada Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research Partners, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IDEX Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn today's conference over to Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Michael John Yates: Great. Thank you, Christie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX first quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the 3-month period ending March 31, 2013. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: We will begin with Andy providing a summary of the first quarter 2013 financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an outlook for the second quarter and full year 2013. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number (855) 859-2056 and entering conference ID number 26072848, or you may simply log on to our company's homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn this call to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review the results for the first quarter. I'd like to start on Slide 5. As you've all seen in our press release, we exceeded expectations for EPS, operating margins and cash flow in the quarter. We also delivered strong double-digit EPS growth. I'm proud of our team's ability to execute in what has continued to be a challenging growth environment. While the global markets have continued to be muddled, our team has executed well across all segments, expanding margins and generating a 28% increase in free cash flows, a record first quarter result. The quarterly fluctuations in markets, regions and customers were demanding for our business units. However, these conditions are expected, appropriately planned for and exceptionally well addressed. In general, things are playing out as we anticipated. The U.S. has shown stability; Europe has continued to struggle; and the Asian markets rebounded from the lows of last year, but they remain choppy, particularly in the emerging regions. In the fourth quarter, I mentioned how IDEX had positioned itself to realize EPS and margin growth in spite of a difficult environment. This is largely driven by the benefit of the $20 million of structural cost reductions, which are now propelling the expansion of operating margins, including a 90-basis point improvement in the first quarter alone. This operating margin improvement highlights the strength of our leaders and their commitment to an excellent cost structure, which allows us to compete for customers and generate superior returns for shareholders. As I highlighted last quarter, we're focused on 3 strategic priorities: accelerating organic growth, driving execution for core products and customers and delivering superior capital allocation. In Q1, we began the incremental growth investments we discussed last quarter. We've invested in product management, product development, growing our aftermarket position and expanding our presence in the Middle East and Asia. We've been able to make these investments while expanding margins and improving cash flow because of our focus on execution. In turn, between our balance sheet and strong free cash flow, we have $1.5 billion in capital over the next 3 years that we'll deploy with strategic discipline. We've been clear that we'll balance our capital deployment with consistent dividend growth, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. In the first quarter, we executed on our priorities. We recently announced a dividend increase of 15%, which is consistent with our intent to return 30% of profits back to our shareholders each year. In March, we announced the acquisition of FTL Specialty Seals. I'll talk about that a little bit later on. And we continue to repurchase shares. Now I'll turn to the first quarter detail. We achieved record first quarter sales of $494 million, up 1% year-over-year and sequentially but down 1% organically. Orders for the quarter totaled $550 million, which are down 3% from prior year due to the large Dispensing replenishment order. Otherwise, orders were up modestly. Despite this tough comparison, we increased backlog by $20 million, and free cash flow increased 28%, an impressive $67 million or $0.81 per share. Operating margins showed excellent results for the quarter across all segments, increasing 90 basis points to 19.2%. This includes an improvement of 50 basis points in Fluid & Metering, 40 basis points in Health & Science and 200 basis points in Fire & Safety/Diversified. I'll discuss these results in more detail in the segments, but this broad-based expansion of margins is outstanding. Additionally, first quarter EPS of $0.74 represents a 12% increase from prior year. We did get a penny of help from the R&D tax credit, but it was a very solid quarter operationally. We're off to a good start in 2013 and are well positioned for 2Q and the remainder of the year. I'm very proud of the team in their ability to push past the current economic environment, drive operational improvements, generate efficiency and accelerate returns. With that, let's move onto the segment discussion. I'm on Slide 6. Let's start with Fluid & Metering. For the quarter, orders were down 3% organically, while organic sales were down 1%. Overall backlog increased $9 million, and operating margins improved 50 basis points. We built backlog at the CFP and Energy platforms, and profit execution was very good throughout the segment. Within our Energy platform, we've seen healthy growth in North America and India and strength across the LPG market, including North America, China, India and Russia. Energy also saw an improvement in gross margin on the impact of productivity and some favorable input costs. Our Chemical, Food & Process platform, or CFP, saw a continued strength in the chemical markets, particularly with project opportunities in the Middle East and Asia and solid aftermarket performance, but we did see some softness globally in the industrial space. Heading into the second quarter, we should benefit from a healthy backlog and some overall improvement in the industrial markets as comparables become easier. Our Ag business, which has a large exposure to the North American market, had another very good quarter in sales and profitability but did see some order softness due to the elongated winter. All indicators suggest this will not be an extended impact, and we expect another very good year from Banjo. Our water services platform, which focuses on municipal services market, saw nice improvements and profitability as our investments in productivity have paid off. Also, while Europe continues to be a challenge, we have seen U.S. market stability. Let's move on to Health & Science. I'm on Slide 7. For the first quarter, HST delivered on our expectations, with 5% sequential order growth and nice margin expansion. Operating margin improved 40 basis points year-over-year and 30 basis points sequentially. As we signaled last quarter, we would have tough sales comps in Q1 from the strong Material Process Technology performance last year and our decision to exit unattractive Optics business. Organic orders were down 2%, and organic sales were down 7%. However, we built $6 million of backlog in the quarter.  Scientific Fluidics has shown 2 consecutive quarters of meaningful order and sales growth and continued its performance in Q1. The Asian market is up strongly, while North America and Europe are stable. We expect the overall upward trajectory to continue in this platform. Within Optics & Photonics, we're seeing the benefits of the cost set [ph] actions that we took last year. While both orders and sales are down from prior year as expected, Optics orders are up sequentially. Demand in both U.S. and Europe markets is anticipated to improve, and we will further accelerate targeted customer opportunities and continue to drive productivity within IOP. Within our Material Process Technology platform, this is a long cycle business that had tough sales comps in the first quarter but saw overall order increases. Additionally, the MPT leadership was a very successful driver of productivity, which contributed to gross margin improvement from the prior year. The outlook for MPT is positive, and they have a strengthening sales funnel. Finally, within our specialty seals business, we completed the acquisition of FTL, which will provide an immediate impact. Based in the United Kingdom, FTL is a leader in the design and application of high-integrity rotary seals and specialty bearings. FTL will operate within our Precision Polymer Engineering business and expand the range of PPE's technology expertise while also introducing adjacent markets. All right. I'm on our final segment, Diversified. I'm on Slide 8. For the quarter, organic orders declined 13%, but this was entirely due to the large Dispensing replenishment order from last year that I mentioned earlier. However, looking at sales, we saw a 7% organic growth in the quarter and a 200 basis point expansion in operating margin. Within Dispensing, the X-SMART product, which we introduced in the third quarter of 2012 as an entry-level dispenser, has continued to gain significant traction in the emerging markets and is also well received within developed markets. We expect the X-SMART to supplement the growth of the existing Dispensing portfolio, which is being primarily driven by the strong volume in the Americas and Asia. Our Fire Suppression unit continues to benefit from the penetration in the power markets and growing project funnel in Asia. Europe has continued to ramp down on budget restrictions, but we've rightsized the business for this reality. The Fire Suppression team had done an outstanding job driving productivity. We completed the closure of our [indiscernible] facility, and the team is executing well at our main North America site in [indiscernible] Florida. The Rescue business is experiencing strong orders and sales growth, with similar geographic trends as Fire. The European market remains weak, but the European project business has been consistent, driven by growth in our re-railing product line. Finally, BAND-IT again posted strong orders, sales and gross margin improvement in the first quarter. Sales were particularly strong in North America. And in the fragmented Middle Eastern market, the team is pursuing promising short- and long-term opportunities as they expand into new applications and new geographies. All right. I'm going to wrap up my prepared remarks on the second quarter and the full year 2013 guidance on Slide 9. Q2 organic revenue will be approximately 2% to 3% up in the second quarter, which aligns with our expectations heading into the year. Acquisitions will have a positive 3% impact on Q2 year-over-year. For the full year, we maintain EPS guidance of $2.85 to $2.95, with organic revenue growth of low- to mid-single digits. Full year operating margin is expected to be about 19%. Also, some other modeling items to consider. Tax rate is anticipated to be 29% to 29.5%, full year CapEx will be roughly $40 million, and free cash flow will significantly exceed net income. Finally, our earnings exclude acquisitions and the cost or charges associated with future acquisitions. In summary, IDEX started 2013 with strong results. Our team has done a terrific job of leading and getting it done in the face of continued global economic turmoil. We will stay focused on our strategic priorities, disciplined in our execution and committed to outstanding results. With that, operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question from the line of Matthew McConnell of Citi.
Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you -- just so we have expectations right for 2Q, what's the impact of the completion of that large Dispensing replenishment project? And then what's kind of the flow-through on the profitability? Just what kind of headwind are you up against in the second quarter?
Andrew K. Silvernail: We haven't -- Matt, we haven't broken that out specifically quarter-by-quarter. But to give you a sense of the order in general, it did shift radically throughout last year. You can kind of back in, frankly, to the size of it. We are -- we cannot disclose that, as you know, for contractual reasons. But it did shift essentially radically [ph] throughout last year, and it finished in the first quarter. So -- and Heath, any other color you want to add to that?
Heath A. Mitts: No. What I would say is, at the segment level, Matt, there's enough strength in the other parts of that segment that, while it will have an impact on the top line, I'm not anticipating a big drop-off in terms of margin rate and everything else as we get into Q2, which is generally seasonally stronger anyway from a Dispensing perspective.
Matthew W. McConnell - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And profitability in the quarter was obviously impressive on no volume. So could you just frame whether you could kind of hit your guidance even if you come in light on the organic revenue for the year? And, I mean, kind of what are some of the levers that you could pull if you don't really see much improvement through the second half of the year in some of your end markets?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, Matt, let me first kind of touch on that, because I think the underlying premise to that question is kind of looking at the top line throughout the balance of the year. And if you look at how we believe that the balance of the year will play out, it is not meaningfully different than the normal seasonality that we've seen in any other year. So we are not expecting a big sequential ramp-up of any kind throughout the year. So generally, although the comps will get easier in the second half and, therefore, the growth rates look higher, how the revenue plays out isn't significantly different than we've seen it. So let me just kind of put that to the side. The second part, and then really the direct part of your question, which is our ability to execute on profitability and deliver even if we see some softness, we feel pretty good about that. We took a lot of costs out last year. We felt like we got ahead of the curve on that and in the investments that we're putting back into the business. And we have started those investments. As you recall, in the fourth quarter, we said we were going to put about $17 million incrementally back into investments for growth. We have started those, but we've also said we're going to put them into the year based on our affordability. And so we do have some levers there. But frankly, they're not really levers that we want to use. We want to make the investments in organic growth. So we feel good about our ability to deliver very good margins, and we feel like the plan that we have, even in this continued -- it's a tumultuous environment. We feel like we're in pretty good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham of Jefferies.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to just maybe, if we could kind of bundle health care from both FMT and from HST, what were those -- how did those sales and orders look, even if it's not a specific number? How does your health care business look right now, both sales and orders?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, Scott, I think that the first thing I should mention is we call the segment Health & Science, but very little of it actually ends up in health care, right? Very, very little of the business ends up in health care. The vast majority ends up in scientific applications, whether it's in the life sciences world or industrial scientific applications, environmental, et cetera. So -- but that being said, what I would say we're seeing generally is the Life Science businesses have picked up over the last 2 quarters, and we've seen that, we've seen some strength in the order book, we've seen more happening from a new development pipeline perspective. So I think that's generally some pretty good news. I will say that we are hedging that a little bit because the impacts of sequestration, I don't think people know exactly how it's going to play out. The NIH budget just got hit by 4.9% from the sequester. So we'll see how that plays itself throughout the balance of the year. That's just kind of really starting now. But generally, I would say that those trends are positive, Scott.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. You actually did answered my question. When you say Life Sciences, I say health care. I'm talking about everything. All of that sector.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. Actually, Life Sciences has been positive. And I would also say that the scientific side of our businesses generally, on a sequential basis, we're seeing an uptick.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right. Because both medical equipment and the precision instrumentation guys did see an uptick in the fourth quarter, right? So you're kind of feeling that in the orders right now?
Andrew K. Silvernail: We are, yes.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. On the Fire and Diversified business, could you maybe single out how rescue tools did versus BAND-IT?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Actually, they both did quite well. BAND-IT, as you know, is a book-in-term business, right? That's a business that -- and we keep a pretty close eye on it because it tells you a lot of what's happening in the channels throughout the world. And so BAND-IT had strong book-in-term business. As you know, we had talked about it. We saw some softening in the fourth quarter that had raised our antenna, and then we saw some nice rebounds here in the first quarter. So pretty solid. Rescue has a lot more project-related business. And generally, we saw a couple of good-sized projects. These aren't $10 million and $15 million projects, but they're pretty strong projects. So these are both businesses that were up very solidly, high single digit, low double digit in the quarter.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. Last question, this is kind of maybe a 2-parter. It has to do with your organic growth in the first quarter, which I don't think surprised anybody, to tell you the truth, and you did a great job in still driving the margin. On that, why -- what are the businesses that you would expect that to turn around specifically? And, I mean, maybe just 2 or 3 of the larger ones that will contribute to a turnaround in organic in the second quarter. And secondly, I know you are all about investing a lot of your productivity savings. Was there any of that cut back in the first quarter alone to drive that type of a margin?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, there really wasn't. Let me tackle your second question first. I think the groups -- I think the teams did a really nice job of balancing the cuts and the builds, so to speak. And so they put cash back in. Now that being said, on a sequential basis, right, more will go in as the year goes on, assuming that we're able to deliver on our expectations. And we've got -- let's be honest. We got a pretty tight leash on it given this environment, and I think that's the right thing to do. So I feel good that we're making the right investments and still being able to deliver profitability. On the profit side itself, we've really seen a few things that have been just outstanding. Obviously, what we've seen in Diversified, what Eric Ashleman and the team there have done has been really strong across their businesses. That's been excellent to see. But at the same time, we're seeing margin expansion across the whole business. So we feel good about that, and people understand that this is an environment of cut and build. The first part of your question, what do we expect to see on a year-over-year basis as we go into the second quarter? The second quarter -- from the middle of the second quarter on last year, there was softening, really up until November and December of last year. So the comps get easier across a lot of the business. The -- I would say, certainly, in Health & Science, the Scientific Fluidics business, that's going to be -- we have some easier comps there. We should see some nice growth rates coming out of there. And we're seeing nice wins happening in that business. So we feel good about that. I think Energy is going to have a decent comp. I think CFP is going to have a decent comp. Those are places where there was softening last year, and we've seen some really nice wins as we go forward. And even in Ag. Ag was a little bit of a -- we're used to, frankly, we're used to the Banjo team knocking our socks off, and they did, again, in sales, but we did see some softness in the first quarter. We expect that to bounce back in the second.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So nothing extraordinary in any business. You're just looking at an easier comp environment with maybe a more normalized business?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Exactly, exactly.
Heath A. Mitts: Hey, Scott, this is Heath. Let me chime in here. If you recall, we've talked about this through prior earnings calls about our decision to rationalize certain selective product lines within the Optics world. And that enabled us to get after a deeper portion of the Optics cost structure. A lot of those decisions, we start to anniversary here between the first, second and into the early part of the third quarter. So that has a natural pressure on the fact that we had some of that less profitable sales in the first part of 2012 that we've elected to walk away from. And quite honestly, we're enjoying some of the uptick in the profitability because of our ability to do that. So that has a little bit of top line element that, once we get past kind of the mid part of Q3, that goes away. So that's a piece of it. I wouldn't call that market. Those were conscious decisions that we made.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just going back to the execution side. I know you guys kept your margin expectation for 2013 the same, and I'm sure there's certainly a range around that. But, I guess, my notes from last quarter suggested that you were exiting at a rate closer to 19%, and we're clearly starting off the year stronger. I mean, how should I think about that for the rest of the year? Is it increased investments, maybe, that could be holding that margin expansion back a little bit?
Andrew K. Silvernail: That's exactly right. Obviously, we beat our expectations for margins in the first quarter, and we feel very good about that, Allison. The -- at the same time, we are going to invest as we go forward. And if we're in a similar situation as we're looking at right now, we're going to make those investments. And so where we are today, we feel pretty good about. Exiting 19%, little north of 19% for the year, I think we feel pretty good about. Heath, anything you can add to that?
Heath A. Mitts: No. I think that's right. In the second quarter, we're going to have a little bit of step-up pressure from the costs associated with some of the FTL asset step-up and bleed-off. But, I mean, in the grand scheme of things for the year, it's a pretty consistent margin forecast for the year. We're not expecting it to bounce around too much.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Perfect. And then just going back to FMT, orders impacted in Q1 by cold weather. Is that the Ag side of things?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, that's just really Ag. And don't get me wrong. It's not like it was a horrible downtick or anything like that. It's just -- this is typically the time of the year we start to see the ramp-up in orders, and I think they got pushed a month or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Andrew Breichmanas - BMO Capital Markets Canada: This is Andrew. I'm on for Charlie Brady. The question I was -- on a monthly basis, kind of what was the progression of like sales and orders throughout the quarter? And if you can give any insight into April.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure. January started very strong. We saw it coming out of the blocks, and I think as you recall in the fourth quarter, we noted that we saw it come out strong. We did caution that we thought it was a little bit of channel fill coming off of people being kind of tight here in the back of the fourth quarter. February was basically at our expectations, and March weakened a little bit. Not a lot, but a little bit. And that had certainly from -- in terms of us, a red flag, or yellow flag rather, we started to pay attention. I'll say that April is basically early on in line with our expectation, no surprises there. And so we feel pretty good about that. At the same time, April of last year is when things got soft. And so I've been criticized a little bit here for being a little more conservative than some of my other peers on the balance of the year, but until the world demonstrates otherwise, I think that's the prudent thing to do.
Andrew Breichmanas - BMO Capital Markets Canada: All right. Great. And then just kind of wondering what was the exact like fully diluted share count at -- on March 31? And if there's any kind of -- I know you're doing share repurchases and things, what your assumption is for the second quarter?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Mike, you got that? Hold on 1 second, Andrew. I'll talk about the assumption first. I think, generally, what you saw for repurchases in the first quarter plus or minus would be expected, maybe a little bit more slightly. Now that being said, understand that we had a fair amount of redemptions in the first quarter, somewhere in the neighborhood of 400,000 redemptions. That is pretty high for us, and just given what are available to redeem, we know that, that will drop off. So you should see a little bit of net impact relative to what we saw in the first quarter. So 1 second, we'll get you that final number, Andrew. Do you have it, Mike?
Michael John Yates: We used 83,152.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Was that the ending number or the average number?
Michael John Yates: No, that was the average number.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Do you have the ending number, Mike?
Michael John Yates: I do not have that. The ending -- I do not have that.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Andrew, we can get you that ending number. I apologize, I don't have it on hand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Maczka of BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Andy, first on the FTL deal, you're going to marry that up with PPE. I'm just wondering if you can talk about the larger opportunity there. How much more opportunity for further consolidation there? And if you can just size kind of what you plan to do, and how far along are you with it now that you've married these 2 units?
Andrew K. Silvernail: You bet, Kevin. We really like that specialty sealing marketplace. The overall global seals business, as you know, is a multi-billion dollar business. And like any industry that IDEX competes in, there's a subsegment of it, usually between 20% and 1/3 of the market, that we fit into the highly engineered really differentiated category. And that's what we're looking at here. So it's an industry that's $1 billion to $2 billion depending upon how you slice it that we think is very interesting. It is highly fragmented. The largest player that we would call as a pure play in there is only $100 million to $200 million. So it is -- it remains fragmented. And so we really like the solution set. And both PP&E and FTL, they really bridge across Health & Science and FMT. If you're honest about it, they sit across them. So we see the ability to continue to acquire in this and to play in the HST and the FMT markets and to build out a nice little business. As you recall, if you've seen some of our Investor Relations presentations, we've kind of called this a platform in waiting, so to speak, just because today, it's -- we have not been able to kind of design out the $500 million platform, but we think it's one that can get there. So obviously, that would be over a long period of time and as opportunities present themselves, but this is a really nice niche market that is IDEX-like, it feeds our existing businesses, it's in related and adjacent markets, tremendous defensibility and nice growth rates, and we really like the space.
Kevin R. Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Got it. Sounds good. And if I can just nitpick a bit on your '13 guidance as it relates to the acquisition impact that you're saying up 1%. I think before, you were saying up 1.5%. But since you said that, you have, of course, done this FTL deal. Are some of your prior smaller deals that you did within the last year, 1.5 years, maybe not performing as you'd thought? Or, again, am I nitpicking?
Heath A. Mitts: Kevin, this is Heath. It's just rounding as much as anything else. Nothing is underperforming relative to the 2012 acquisitions and the performance that went into the guidance. I think we probably rounded up or down last time and rounded the other direction this time, so...
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. I mean, these aren't really big enough to make a meaningful impact.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of KeyBanc.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I got on the call a little late, so I apologize if this is repetitive. As I look at your organic growth expectations for the second quarter, up 2% to 3%, I look at the incoming order rates, I bear in mind that you have a touch comp in volume in the Fire business coming from Dispensing, can you help me close the loop on all that in terms of how -- I understand you built a little backlog, how the order activity you've seen as of late can kind of translate into that organic growth? And maybe the piece I'm missing is if you back out that one lumpy piece of business in Dispensing, what would Fire orders have looked like?
Andrew K. Silvernail: So let me kind of parse that for a second, Matt. So the -- on the first part, if you look at the backlog that we've built and where the backlog sits in terms of shippability in the second quarter, that gives us comfort in our revenue range here in the second quarter, just kind of given how we're entering the quarter. We had more backlog going into the second quarter of last year, but a lot of that was very specifically related to that Dispensing order. So we feel pretty good about that. Now that being said, as I mentioned before, April was kind of within our expectation. So we feel good in that 2% to 3% range. But let's not -- and I don't think anybody should kid themselves. I believe that certainly in the near term, there's more economic downside than there is economic upside, and that's why we've been cautionary and certainly why we have been aggressive on the cost side. So that's the first part to the -- to your question. Relative to Diversified and the impact of Dispensing, Matt, could you repeat that again? What are you looking for?
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, I'm sorry. If you look at incoming -- if you look at the order number and just back out the big deal you got in Dispensing in both periods, what would orders have looked like in Diversified?
Andrew K. Silvernail: We don't -- I don't think -- Matt, here the issue is we can't break it out specifically, and the reason we can't is we are contractually obligated to not talk about the exact size of that order. And so we just have to be careful. So I think we've given enough information that, frankly, you can do the math on it but -- and keep it within our legal rights. But bottom line is, is that you back out that order and you go from being slightly down in the first quarter to up for the company and certainly for the segment, it is more than 100% of the negative.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. That must have been a part that I missed. I apologize.
Andrew K. Silvernail: No problem, Matt. I apologize I can't be more straightforward about that. I hate to do that, but I got to follow the letter of the rules here.
Matt J. Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: No, no. That's completely understandable. As we think about your Water platform, it sounded like Europe is -- well, first of all, is Europe still in declining mode? Are you seeing any signs of stability? And what, if anything, is kind of changed in the U.S.? And, I guess, just bigger picture, what's your outlook for that platform within FMT?
Andrew K. Silvernail: So if you don't mind, let me touch on that broader, because I think Europe in general is getting a lot of press and should get a lot of press. Far and away, the weakest thing that we're seeing out there and was certainly negative in the quarter for us, and that's playing off really across our businesses with really kind of one exception, and that's our Chemical business that's based out of Germany, which is our Richter business, which is actually seeing really nice growth. But that's mostly coming from export-related business. So if you normalize for that, what I would say is that it's certainly down for FMT and down for the company. And I am pessimistic for the balance of the year about that changing. Now the comps get easier, because as you know, things started getting tough about this time last year on a relative basis in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones of Stifel.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Andy, you talked earlier about the growth investments being a potential lever that you could pull but one that you wouldn't want to pull. Is there a point where you would pull that, where you would sacrifice the growth investments to maintain the margin for the year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I would only do that if I saw there being a precipitous drop in the overall environment. Nathan, unless we see that happening -- and that would really be frankly because we think that this is a step change, not because of a short-term solution. I just -- I don't buy into that. I don't think that's a good idea. These investments, as I said in the last quarter call, you guys aren't going to see any benefit from these for a year. It takes -- it just takes time. And so we've got to give ourselves the air cover. I think by being as aggressive as we were on costs last year, we've given ourselves enough air cover to still deliver on our expectations even in this muddled environment and still make those investments. So the only way I'd really back off is if we saw a meaningful change in trajectory.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I would think with the free cash flow generation, you're probably -- there's no need to hang onto the cash. When you say free cash flow significantly above net income, are you prepared to give us any guidance on what you expect for free cash flow for the year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: We don't really do that. Frankly, you can back into it, taking a look at amortization and take our $40 million depreciation number, and you can get back into it pretty closely.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I could get into a couple of the platforms, particularly Banjo, I know that's been a great performer over the last few years. There are plenty of other companies that I cover that are warning about potential negative comps in the second half of the year with, particularly, the dramatic decrease in crop prices recently. What gives you confidence that Banjo is going to rebound from that soft first quarter?
Andrew K. Silvernail: So you're talking about the slippage in overall corn prices?
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Andrew K. Silvernail: First of all, the -- unless something really, really significantly changes, that buildout, and I'll call it the allocation that's coming out from the end users, is pretty strong. So there would have to be something that really meaningfully changes for that to happen, I believe. The second part is, is while we've seen a drop, it's still a pretty economic price for these guys to work at. So we're not awfully concerned about that. The last thing is, is that the impact of the drought from last year, the amount of land that has to be planted to close the overall stock gaps, is pretty high. So by the way, we're not planning for the double-digit growth that we've experienced in the last 2 or 3 years. We're planning for pretty solid single-digit growth there. So just to -- I want to calibrate what our expectations are. We are expecting growth to slow, we are not expecting it to go negative.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you also called out strong orders in Scientific Fluidics. Could you give a little bit more color on where that's coming from?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Really, the analytical instrument business. So we're starting to see some of that rebound coming from that -- those end markets. As you know, our model here and really across the whole business is to gain high-value content. And so we're seeing a couple of things happening. Number one, we are seeing some market rebound, which I think our customers have seen in the last couple of quarters. And also, we've had some nice share wins on some instruments that are going out. So pretty solid across both -- I'd say a little bit of a market rebound and some wins on our side.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one last one for me. I think, in the past, you've been willing to kind of give us above, in line, below on each of the segments relative to your overall guidance in the quarter. If you could just give that again.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Not sure. You mean in terms of kind of how we performed relative to our expectations?
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: No. On the 2Q guidance, you said 2% to 3% organic growth. You've historically been willing to say HST will be in line, FMT will be a little bit higher, that kind of stuff.
Heath A. Mitts: Oh I see what you're saying. Got it. Got it. Here's what I would say is -- this is Heath, Nathan. In general, we're expecting FMT to be above Health & Science, again, still comping off of some difficult comps with the business we walked away from, and Optics will be a little bit below, and FSD will be in line, maybe a tad below. It has a big comp in that order, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Noorigian of Vertical Research Partners.
Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: I wanted to follow up on a comment you made about strength in Richter in Germany. It sounds like some of your competitors over there are talking about some pretty concerted efforts to get into the chemicals market. I was wondering if you're seeing anything competitively there? Any pricing dynamics in general at Richter?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No. On a pricing, generally, you got to remember kind of where we sit in the food chain. We really sit in specialty applications. We're not in big iron. We're not in large project quotes, et cetera. So our positioning is very IDEX-like in terms of where we sit, in terms of the value that we add and -- versus price. So we feel pretty good about that. The wins that we're getting are in multi-year projects that we've been working for an awfully long time. And we're seeing nice wins out of the Middle East, nice wins out of Asia, generally. What we have set up and put people on the ground, certainly, in the Middle East, we've increased our exposure in terms of number of commercial folk sales and applications. And in China, as you know, we basically put a standalone Richter business unit. We consolidated from a plant they had previous to our acquisition of Richter, and we consolidated down into our Suzhou operation and set up a wholly-owned subsidiary, and that's really been hugely successful. So I feel pretty good that -- where we sit in terms of our defensibility and the fact that these are long-term things that are coming to gestation today, I feel pretty confident about it.
Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Great. And then just on capital allocation, maybe comment on the deal pipeline, what you see after FTL? And kind of by end market, where you're focused and the valuations you're seeing?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No real change from what we've talked about the last 2 or 3 quarters. What I would say is that the things that are large and reasonably -- of reasonable quality, we're still seeing what I think are irrational valuations on a lot of those properties and deals that I think folks are going to have an awfully hard time getting an acceptable long-term return on capital. And I guess what I mean by that is, as you know, ours are 12 and 15 in years 3 and years 5. And I think, again, the low growth and the cheap money continues to fuel that end of the spectrum. That being said, the stuff in the small to middle market, so $20 million to $250 million of enterprise value, it's still pretty attractive. And we're seeing a scope or a series of opportunities in both FMT and HST that are funnels -- what I would say is they look very consistent. They look decent compared to what we've seen for a while. I do think that we've all got to keep kind of our eyes out for how much stuff is sitting within private equity funds, which both have to come out and the money that has to go to work. And while there's certainly opportunities on both sides of that, you've got to be careful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham of Jefferies.
R. Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: One question for you guys on the comp, and I'll be done. In FSD, correct me if I'm wrong, we've had some pretty strong growth there because of the program, the shipments under the program. Doesn't that comp get much more difficult in these next 3 quarters? And wouldn't that put FSD a good standard deviation below the other 2 businesses?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It does, Scott. I'll let Heath chime in on this, too. At the same time, we've seen really, really nice performance from the balance of the segment. So when you look at Fire, team has done a terrific job of entering into the power market and into Asia. Rescue has continued to leverage its global footprint. And BAND-IT, they keep chopping wood. I mean, they just do a great job time and again. So yes, on a comparative basis, the comps get tougher, so nobody should walk away thinking that comps don't get tougher for the business. But also recall that we took a whole lot of cost out in a number of places in that segment last year. So while we're giving up some pretty attractive margin from the replenishment order and whatnot, we'll fight it back, and we still have some pretty decent confidence in the margin profile. And Heath, anything you want to say?
Heath A. Mitts: No, I think that's right. I was just going to touch on, for the year, Scott, when we look at FSD, organically, it's up modestly, obviously getting the benefit of some Q1, a stronger Q1 performance. But on a margin basis, we'd still expect margin expansion there. Across the board, we've seen good activity, both on the new product side, X-SMART that Andy mentioned in his prepared remarks as well as some help within Dispensing and North America's partial recovery, I would say. And then Fire Suppression, rescue and BAND-IT are all growing nicely.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Gentlemen, do you have any closing remarks?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. Just a couple of things. First, Andrew, I got that number for you here on the share -- the ending share count. It was 82,647,588, so that was the ending share count. So that's -- how's that for rapid response? So with that, just in conclusion. First of all, thank you, all, again for participating in the call and for being supporters and interested in IDEX. We think we've got something very special here, and we think -- I guess, first I'd say is the team is doing a great job of executing in this environment. And I'm very proud of them, and I'm thrilled with that aspect of what we've got going on. And we're making the investments. The execution is allowing us to make the investments in people and in growth that, while I don't expect it to play out in the near term, I think are going to be major benefits to us as we go forward. And then finally, we are seeing some sequential improvements. We did a lot of hard work here in 2012, and we're seeing some of that. And we promised to you, and we're starting to deliver on that expectations, and we think we will for the balance of the year, assuming that the environment holds in essentially as it is today. So again, I appreciate your time and look forward to talking with you in the second quarter. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates - VP & Chief Accounting Officer Andy Silvernail - Chairman & CEO Heath Mitts - VP & CFO
Analysts: Matt McConnell - Citi Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Scott Graham - Jefferies Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird John Moore - CL King 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the IDEX Corporation Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on-mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Paula. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter and full-year 2012 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three and 12-month period ending December 31, 2012. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used today, webcast can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO and Heath Mitts, Vice President and CFO. The format for our call today is as follows; we will begin with Andy providing a summary of the fourth quarter and full-year 2012 financial results. He will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with our outlook for the first quarter and on the full year 2013. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 855-859-2056 and entering conference ID 86510532 or you may simply log on to our company’s homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder that this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to our Chairman and our CEO, Andy Silvernail. Andy?
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we talk about our results for the fourth quarter and for the full-year 2012. I would like to start on slide five. As you've all seen our press release, we had solid operational finish to the close of IDEX’s 25th year. Throughout last fall and in our third quarter call, we outlined our strategic priorities of accelerating organic growth, executing excellence and disciplined capital deployment. Our goals over business cycle are to deliver compound double digit earnings growth, strong free cash flow and superior returns on invested capital. We made good progress towards our strategic priorities in 2012. As we transition into 2013, we anticipate a continued low growth macro environment, but we have positioned ourselves well to deliver solid EPS growth. In 2012, we reduced structural costs by $29 million through five facility closures and reducing headcount 6% prior to acquisitions. These actions allow us to invest aggressively in organic growth while continuing to expand margins. Further, our focus on execution improved our already strong cash flow performance. We are in great shape to deploy our disciplined capital strategy that we outlined last year. We remain committed to a consistent and growing dividend, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases as appropriate. Turning to 2012, we once again achieved record sales, orders and free cash flow. For the year, orders were up 7% and sales were up 6% and we exceeded $1.9 billion. Sales in 2012 were split evenly between domestic and international. I am proud of how the team executed in the face of a volatile macro economic environment. Operating margins for the year were 18.4%, up 30 basis points, driven by more than 50% flow through on incremental organic revenue. Full-year adjusted EPS of $2.68, were $0.12 were 5% higher than the prior year EPS. We also improved working capital by $22 million helping drive our free cash flow up 30% to 132% of net income or $3.53 per share. Now onto Q4; earnings were toward the high-end of our expectations and cash flow was outstanding. For the quarter, organic sales were flat, but orders were up 8%, up 5% organically. Free cash flow increased 7% in Q4 to $79 million. We achieved broad based productivity in 2012, the details of which I will walk through as we get into the segments. As we entered 2013, the U.S. economy has improved modestly, Europe continues to struggle and China has improved from the lows of last year; while more stable than what we spoke last fall, we continue to expect the challenging environment that require tough minded, disciplined execution and to deliver superior results. Before I walk through the segment results, I want to address the completion of our restructuring efforts and the fourth quarter impairment charge. Early in 2012, in anticipation of a slower global economic environment, and with opportunities from recent acquisitions, we decided to aggressively reduce structural cost. Q4 restructuring charges totaled $18 million. In total, we reduced structural costs $29 million during the year and we will invest $17 million into growth. These investments include, product management, product development and geographic expansion. Barring the global recession, our large scale restructuring is complete. In Q4, we also recorded an estimated $198 million impairment charge in our optics and photonics and water platforms. The impairment in optics was primarily related to the acquisition of CVI Melles Griot in 2011. As we have discussed in the past, the optics market softened significantly in late 2011 and is yet to recover. Unfortunately, our optics platform is not immune to these market conditions. We continue to believe in the investment thesis however. The space we are targeting is fragmented with attractive structural margins and good long-term growth prospects and it is full highly engineered content. This is a good business that we will invest in and grow. The impairment within the water platform is related to the 2008 acquisitions of our IETG and ADS. It’s a result of the reorganization of our water platform and the underlying softness in the municipal end markets which we anticipate will continue throughout 2013. Over the past year, we have worked diligently to right size these business and build the appropriate organizations for long-term success. We are confident that these impairment charges are behind us and going forward there will not be any impact to our ongoing financial performance. As we discussed in our third quarter call, we are emphasizing more flexible, disciplined capital deployment to maximize total shareholder returns. We have $1.5 billion in cash flow and balance sheet availability over the next three years. We’ve studied our past decisions in depth, making changes in organization structure, hurdle expectations and integration approach. Our acquisitions will focus on small to medium sized deals that build on our platforms and expanding our geographic reach, filling technology gaps and accelerating into adjacencies. To compliment acquisitions, we’re target buying a minimum of 1% to 2% of our total outstanding shares annually and accelerate repurchases when we believe the shares are trading at meaningful discount to intrinsic value and M&A as challenging. We currently over $175 million available on our authorization. These important changes were in place throughout 2012 and I am pleased that we are seeing significant progress. After fully funding the organic growth we deployed over $220 million to dividends, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. We go into 2013 having taking cost structural actions and shifted more resources toward organic growth. We are in excellent position to execute on our long-term growth strategies and drive total shareholder return. With that, let's move to the segment discussions of Fluid and Metering, I am on slide six. For the year, FMT orders were up 4% organically, sales were up 2%, margins expanded a 150 basis points primarily on the execution of productivity. For the quarter, orders were up 9% organically, while organic sales were down 1%. Margin expansion of a 120 basis points was broad across the segment, as FMT is well positioned. Our market leading Ag business, Banjo had another record year to share gains and strong OEM demand. We remain very bullish on the outlook for North American Ag where Banjo is heavily concentrated. Within our Energy platform the broader energy distribution outlook is positive specifically in the BRIC regions. As I mentioned earlier, the in-pipe water services business that is most closely tied to the initial budgets remains challenged. However, we are optimistic that we’ve hit the bottom; while we are not anticipating much market help in 2013, we are well positioned to win business from funding [constraints]. The remaining water businesses which focus on (inaudible) pumps used in both industrial and water treatment applications are performing well and continue to grow in the US and Asian markets.  Our chemical industrial businesses were solid in Q4. We saw project activity pick up sequentially and year-over-year specifically in Asia. Of equal note, our teams continued to execute and deliver productivity improvement.  Within the chemical platform, Warren Rupp and their Mansfield, Ohio field was recently named one of IndustryWeek's 2012 best plants. They are the only AODD manufacturer to ever receive this award which recognizes North America plants on a leading edge of efforts to increase competitiveness, enhance customer satisfaction and create a stimulating and rewarding work environment. We are extremely proud of their achievements, congratulations to John Carter and his team in Mansfield.  Alright, if you could now flip to slide seven, we will talk about health and science. For the year, orders were up 13% down 2% organically and sales were up 14%, down 1% organically. In the quarter, orders were up 5% down 4% on an organic basis while sales were up 6% down 3% organically.  As I mentioned in Q3, HST will face some difficult comps in the first quarter but flat to up sequentially. Overall, we expect growth during the year and improving operating margins. Scientific fluidic saw a solid rebound in the analytical instrument and diagnostic markets year-over-year and we experienced a meaningful sequential order increase.  We are off to a good start in January and we believe our business will achieve modest organic growth in FY'13, particularly driven by strength in the Asian markets.  In line with prior quarters, our optics and photonics platform is delivering margin expansion as a result of the restructuring activities and productivity initiatives.  As I previously highlighted, despite the end market challenges, we believe our market position combined with recovery in these end markets will deliver long-term accretive growth. Our long cycle material process technology platform produces capital equipment for pharmaceutical, chemical and food production lines.  MPT's businesses support of a capital spent and was down compared to prior year. However, some of the Asia softness has firmed up in the last 90 days, also after six months of Matcon ownership; I'm very pleased with the integration synergies achieved in the business outlook.  Finally, the portion of HST is more industrial exposed are performing as expected and we are off to a very good start in January 2013.  Alright, I'm on our final segment diversified and I'm on page eight. For the year, orders were up 12% organically and sales were up 11% organically. As you will recall, in Q1, 2012; we received a large replenishment order in our dispensing business which will continue to shift through Q1 2013.  Outside of this particular order dispensing, our fourth quarter orders have been stable with stronger trends in the US while we see more volatility from Europe. In the quarter, diversified orders were up 14% organically while sales were up 10% organically. It’s a similar story on fire suppression platform where we are experiencing continued stability in the US municipal markets, while Europe remains soft.  Our team has done a great job with steady order growth and expect an increase from Asia in 2013. Also expected in 2013 is a realization of cost savings from the successful site consolidation of our Pennsylvania facility. Site consolidations are always complicated. Our team did a great job with the execution of this project.  The rescue business is experiencing similar geographic trends as fire and dispensing, with North America markets remain strong. We are also excited about the traction in growth we are seeing from our Central and South American initiatives. The European markets have remained slow but we are getting some growth that's in our re-railing and (inaudible) product lines.  Moving to BAND-IT, the team continues to find ways to innovate and deliver new applications for fastening solutions. BAND-IT had strong sales in the vehicle and oil and gas markets in Q4 and we look to continue that trend in 2013. Distribution sales soften early in Q4 but the last couple of months have shown improvement. I am very pleased with the entire segments performance. We delivered organic growth while driving profitability.  Operating margin of 24.2% in the quarter is up an impressive 200 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year. Okay, let's move to slide nine. We will talk about guidance for the year. I am going to start at the top of the bridge. In 2013, we anticipate low to single-digit growth across all platforms, which will provide $0.10 to $0.20 of EPS. FX is expected to be a $10 million tailwind for the full-year. The full-year impact of ERC and Matcon acquisitions will be above $0.03. ERC was acquired in April and Matcon in July.  The impact of our restructuring will generate another $0.24 to benefit 2013. As I mentioned earlier, our restructuring efforts successfully included in the fourth quarter and we anticipate the opportunity to reinvest $0.14 back into the business. This will help fund organic growth. These investments will focus on product management, new product development and continue to push into new geographies. As these and other investments are made in our global operations, there will be a net $ 0.07 [suppression] on wage, healthcare and material inflation, weighing against our productivity and sourcing gains. Okay, let’s go to the next slide. I am on slide 10. I will wrap up my prepared remarks with Q1 and a full-year 2013 expectations along with a few other modeling thoughts.  We're projecting 2013 organic revenue growth will be low-to-mid single digits. We're expecting full-year 2013 EPS to be in the range of 285 to 295. Tier 1 EPS is expected to be $0.70 to $0.72. Tier 1 is projected to have flat organic growth with operating margins of approximately 18.5%.  Some of the modeling items to consider, the 2013 tax rate is anticipated to be 29% to 30% relatively in line with 2012. Full-year CapEx will be roughly $40 million to $42 million and as always we will convert cash well in excess of net income. Finally, our earnings projections exclude future acquisitions.  In summary, in 2012 our businesses respond extremely well to volatile marketplace and demonstrate our commitment to performance. We achieved record sales, orders and free cash flow. Importantly, we are successfully implementing our strategic priorities of accelerating organic growth, execution excellence and discipline in capital deployment. We look forward to a very good 2013.  That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, let’s now open it up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matt McConnell of Citi. 
Matt McConnell - Citi: Could you give us an assessment of where you expect the revenue growth to fall within the segment, so within that low-to-mid single digit range that you have given for the company where would the segments fall within that range?
Andy Silvernail:  Sure good morning, Matt no problem at all. Generally, if you look at it will see FMT to be mid single-digit, HST to be low single-digit and FST will be in the low single-digit but that’s going to comp of off the order that we had this year, so that’s inclusive of comping off that order.
Matt McConnell - Citi: Okay, great that’s helpful. And then just to start the year out, can you reconcile the 5% increase in organic orders in the fourth quarter with the expectation for flat organic revenue, I mean, there is lot of curling noise 3Q to 4Q, is anything else that wouldn’t contribute to that start to the year meaningfully below fourth quarter orders?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, Matt, I think there are really two things. One, I think as you recall the fourth quarter of last year was a little bit soft and so we are comping off that a little bit. And if you look at the sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter, you do have sequential revenue ramped to some degree in the first quarter versus fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. So that's pretty consistent with how we see our order patterns fall on day rate etcetera. So I don't think is really anything surprising in there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Can we just start on the margin, I guess particularly its health and science, I know there is a lot of moving part with that, if there is 18 sort of a good run rate throughout year, are we still building out for that just given some of the restructuring you’ve been able to do?
Andy Silvernail: Well, we said that coming into or going towards the end of the year, we thought we did near that 18.5% which we are happily we got to. So we've seen nice sequential margin expansion here throughout the year. So that's number one, Allison.  Second, we do expect to build off of that going through this year and we were expecting exit rate just closure to 19% at the end of 2013. So we should continue to see the benefits. Obviously, we’ve done a lot of restructuring, fair bit of that has been in HST. So you should expect to see some margin expansion.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Great, and then could you just give us a little bit more color on the acquisition environment, I know your focus has really been that FMT and HST segment, is there a discernable difference between multiples in either those two areas at this point and just sort of the activity there?
Andy Silvernail: Let me handle that in two ways Alison, so first let me kind of comment on the overall acquisition environment and then I will talk specifically to the FMT, HST split. The overall environment I would say is very consistent with what we saw coming out of the third quarter of last year. What I mean by that is it’s really around the pricing. The activity levels kind of tend to peak in valley with how private equity kind of comes in and out generally. But what I would say is we continue to see a bifurcated market where things of size and of stability and in any kind of growth continue to have very, very high premium expectations in the marketplace and we've just shied away from those frankly, that doesn't make sense for us.  Things that are in the small to medium size which is really our area of focus, there still are properties that are available, our pipeline is pretty good and we work it very, very diligently. So that's the general comment. Relative to FMT and HST; on the FMT side, I would actually say right now that the multiples are higher historically right. So if you went back five years ago, the environment is completely flipped from that, where you had very high HST multiples and relatively conservative FMT multiples, and what we are seeing today is higher relative multiples in FMT and I think that's just because of the historic stability of cash flows even cyclically in those businesses and then some of the HST stuff is falling a little bit out of favor. So there are some actually very attractive multiples in that segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham of Jefferies.
Scott Graham - Jefferies:  Two questions for you Andy, what was really the final trigger for you here on the charge, obviously I'm assuming a lot of that is on the CVI side, in particular, just what happened in the fourth quarter or is it just the timing of the [remetriment], was there something that you were thinking about in the third quarter, just a little bit more on that as far as what maybe the final straw in this for you.
Andy Silvernail: Well we test all of our impairment in October of every year. We start that process, we take a look at it in conjunction with our auditors, and as you know it’s a very detailed math exercise that has an awful lot of complexity, and in terms of future outlook, discount rates, premiums, market multiples, there's an awful lot that goes into that. So we test everything, we look at everything quarterly. We test everything annually, that's kind of the way to look at it. And when you factor that in, when you put all those pieces together, it really shows that this was a necessity. In reality what it is its accounting kind of catching up with operational reality, that's the way to look at it and this is not something that's really debatable, it’s math driven. So when you auditors move forward to that, that's how you move forward with that decision.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: So even though you've been restructuring this business for a while and increasing its competitiveness and the end markets that that business serves are not terrible, the math still worked out to a charge of this size.
Andy Silvernail: It did, and you have to kind of look at the basis of where you are from a revenue standpoint. Structurally we think we are in very good shape at what we've finished in at the end of the quarter. At the same time, it’s driven off of discounted free cash flows that are well into the future, right, you are looking at terminal values. The other thing to look at and you cannot understate this, it is also driven across competitive market multiples and those multiples have changed significantly. And so that's something that we don’t control and we don’t get to opine on as this is looked at.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Let me tell you I didn’t consider that part at the end there. Okay, so the other question that I had for you is on your EPS bridge; the structural benefits of $0.24. Now, is that restructuring that you have done that rolls to the pipes? Does that include current year productivity, what is that number?
Heath Mitts: Scott, its Heath. That number is really the absolutely restructuring in the problematic headcount that’s come out as well as the facility consolidations. That does not include the ongoing productivity initiatives around sourcing initiatives as well as OpEx activities that go or either are constantly going. So if you were to look forward in our bridge, the productivity initiatives and so forth kind of that $20 million numbers we've talked about in the past is included in the net inflation. So with that netted out to a number of $0.07 drag once you factor in, roughly 3% for wage inflation, little bit less than a 1% on material inflation, fringe inflation specifically around healthcare costs and you net against that productivity and sourcing savings is where you get the $0.07 drag.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Okay, I do see that footnote now as small as it is. I needed the electron microscope to see that one, but I guess what I am wondering then is further on that though, Heath, is that you know, boy that’s a lot of inflation that you are expecting and in the environment right now that is very inflationary. I am not going to ask you to say the word conservatism, but it seems to me as if the inflation environment, even if you can circle labor as one of the factors would be hard pressed to 20 million to 25 million of productivity. 
Heath Mitts: We will actually manage the costs throughout the year as we always do and then we will battle down any inflationary pressures. So there might be a little bit in there, I don’t want to call out too much conservatism. The wage inflation alone is about $15 million Scott, and you got healthcare costs that factor into the fringe benefits and that’s up 5% to 6% and so 7% this year in our guidance. We will do everything we can keep that down, but those do factor in and a moderate amount of real material input inflation factors in a little bit. So we will do everything we can. There may be a tad bit of conservatism in there, but we will keep you posted throughout the year. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets. 
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: On the impairment charge, can you give us the breakdown between water and the optics platforms? 
Andy Silvernail: Yeah it’s about three quarters optics, a quarter water and that’s plus or minus. 
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Just on the fire emergency diversified on the expensing part of that business, can you just dig into a little bit kind of update us on where that business is today. I imagine it’s still kind of tough explaining on that, but may be a little more detail on how that’s running? 
Andy Silvernail: Well you got a few things happening in there. So if you separate out kind of comparison against one times and you look at that base, it’s actually pretty good Charlie. I will call it a decent bounce back in the US which I think is driven by the activity levels that have happened as investment is coming back through housing into equipment. As you look back as far as ‘09, that area really was start for investment, as stores were closed throughout the US etcetera. So you start to see some replacement revenue start to pull through there, so it’s decent. Europe is softer. Europe didn’t see the same kind of decline and generally it’s a little bit softer, but it’s still decent, Asia is quite good, it’s been actually very strong for us and that's really driven by a few things. One as you recall, we moved a significant amount of our business from Australia to China to India in expectation of those growing markets and that's worked out real well. The other side is as we said in the third quarter, we’ve just launched a new product call X-SMART which is a little cost automatic dispenser that we think is really a game changer. Now we are still early days in that Charlie, but we think that's going to be win on that business.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Great, that's helpful. And one more on FMC on the order, is that 10% organic order growth and FMT on the quarter is about, just like the best you had about five quarters or so, and you talked a little bit about in your prepared remarks, but can you just maybe take into that little bit more from where you are really seeing the strength in some of that incoming order rate?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, couple of things Charlie, as much as I would like to give very, very excited about that and I am reasonably excited, we had a pretty weak Q4 of last year, if you recall the order rate in the Q4 of last year was pretty soft as China weekend and if you then recall, we had a pretty strong bounce back in Q1 across the business but specifically in FMT. So now that being said, we are seeing a decent pick up, its pretty broad based excluding the pipe side of water, Ag is still pretty good, chemical and industrial has been pretty good. We are seeing a bounce back in Asia. If you recall kind of starting in the late spring of last year, really through most of the third quarter, China had gotten very soft and we started to see that improve in the fourth quarter; I was just in China two weeks ago doing our business reviews and finalizing our implementation plans and the business had definitely improved and I would say the overall opinion was much more positive than when if you were back in the summer or even the fall.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: A couple of questions; first, with respect to the business you had to take the write downs, can you maybe let's talk about CVI first, can you remind us where that business was from a revenue and operating margin standpoint when you bought it, where it bottomed and importantly, the progress you've made off that bottom if indeed you have as a result of the restructuring?
Heath Mitts: Matt, this is Heath. As you recall, when we bought the business in June of 2011, we talked about a run rate of about $180 million; its fair to say that that has crept into somewhere in the $130 million to $140 million range. But a chunk of that, the largest piece of that is the market compression, there's also some business within there we've chosen to walk away from, just given where we want to situate the business from a long-term market perspective. So specifically, that's not our entire Optics platform, that's specific to CVI though.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: And then the same kind of walk forward on profitability?
Heath Mitts: Well, the profitability is obviously it’s a business that's very dependent upon revenue given the high contribution margins in the business. The structural cost actions that we've taken have gone a long way to calling back on a rate basis where we want to be. But just given on an absolute profitability dollar perspective, just given lower revenue run rate, we are not back where we want to be on that side.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: If you look at let's just say it’s a $130 million business run rate, if you look at the structural cost improvements you've made, how much revenue, you shouldn't have to get back to $180 million to get margins back to where they were, I guess how much more, how much revenue growth do you need to be back in that kind of high teens margin area where the business was I believe when you bought it?
Heath Mitts: We are going to get tremendous flow through on the next up tick of revenue in this business. And we are talking about contribution margins in this business that are north of 50%, sometimes even higher than that. So I don't want to quantify what it needs to be, but another $20 million of revenue is going to go a long way in this business.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: And then just one final one, the charges you've taken impact the intangibles amortization schedule of these businesses going forward, Heath?
Heath Mitts: Not materially. No.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: Okay.
Heath Mitts: I mean it appears there's push, there's things that go both directions on that in terms of the way things are handled and reverses intangible that have actually been written off, but that's out to a de minimus amount, so $1 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran of Robert W. Baird.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird:  So, could you just specifically talk about the acquisition side of things and in light of the impairment charge and in light of the commentary you have been making about a greater focus on returns to your, maybe you can just specifically address how the hurdles have changed for you internally when it comes to acquisitions?
Andy Silvernail:  Sure, Mike, no problem. You know, I think first of all, you know, what we're talking about today is no different than what we started talking about and really starting in the spring and summer of last year, which is you know, we took a pretty hard deep dive, you know, starting in late ‘11 and throughout 2012 looking at really all the decisions we’ve made around deals frankly.  And what came out of that, one of the biggest things was around kind of hurdles. So as we look at deals, we're looking at how do we cross the 12% ROIC by year three and a 15% ROIC by year five. Understanding those are very tough hurdles, they are different than the vast majority of folks talk about and most folks are talking about 10 and 12 and so we think we have taken a tougher view of that.  The other part is we’ve really discounted the impact of cheap money. One of the discussion around accretion and what not around cheap money, we know that it eventually that will go the other way and so when we looks at things, we look at things on an absolute return basis, and I think that’s pretty important.  Also Mike, what's important, that is just generally how we think about capital. We're still absolutely committed to strategic acquisitions if there are platforms. It is a critical piece to our strategy and as we look at our six strategic platforms that we talked about consistently, acquisitions will play a role in filing technology gaps allowing for adjacency, expansion and going into new markets. At the same time, we believe that a more flexible, more disciplined approach is the way to go.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird: Makes sense and then just another question about underlying assumptions as we think about guidance range here and trying to get a sense for the level of conservatism, I suppose, built into it. You know, when you back out the restructuring benefits that you guys expect to see the structural cost benefits you laid out on a year-over-year basis, your earnings looks closer to flattish because of the growth investments than inflation offsetting some of those other things, so maybe you could talk about structurally from a profile standpoint what the progress looks like as you work through the year here and may be just comment on what sorts of internal improvements you are expecting to drive or things like that, does that question makes sense to you?
Andy Silvernail:  I think so, if I don’t answer it exactly right do you want your follow up. First of all, you can’t separate growth investments from the cost out, as we took that $29 million of cost out of the business, we really have two options, right. We can take the $29 million and put every penny in our pocket which we absolutely could have done or we could have positioned ourselves even better for organic growth and as you know well, in the last decade IDEX has done I think a very good job of pivoting the business from a North American company to a much more global business and into end markets that are less cyclical and have better long-term growth rates.  Our success, our ability to deliver better than peer returns is going to be determined by able to continuing to do that, continuing to make those pivots geographically and into faster growing end markets and products. And when I look at the $0.14 that we are investing back into the business, that’s that is all about. Organic growth for us is far and away the single most valuable thing we have. You are talking about return on tangible assets that are well north of 30% and so for us that’s the game. It’s the most important piece of the game that is. And so while there is, we are giving some of that back to make those investments, we absolutely think that is the right thing to do. So that's the first part the answer to the question, Mike.  The second part which is, what are we doing internally for the year, our consistent approach to productivity and to ongoing cost out into margin expansion doesn't stop with the closing of this restructuring window. And we still absolutely expect to get that $20 plus million in productivity to offset where our inflationary piece that are non-material, right, wage inflation, health care inflation are real and we need to minimum offset those and so that will absolutely continue. So funding organic growth is number one and continue to drive productivity improvement day in and day out is number two, does that answer for you Mike.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird: Yeah, that makes sense (inaudible) of the day, I was trying to get sense for what the core earnings feel like if you exclude the restructuring and I suppose your comment is excluding the restructuring and specifically as probably not fair when looking at the total picture and the earnings progression that you are driving from the core standpoint?
Andy Silvernail: Absolutely, and also don't forget, it’s not like this cost happened on December 31, right, this is been ongoing throughout the year. We did ramp it up for in the fourth quarter to close it out, but this is been something we have been executing incredibly aggressively on year throughout 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Moore of CL King.
John Moore - CL King: Quick question on FSD, it looks like well obviously margins this year were really great with the structural actions you took, but to get to the guidance range for next year and taking into account what you’ve said about the other divisions, it looks like you've got a model margins in FSD down in ’13, and I am wondering why that would be.
Andy Silvernail: John you are really looking to be flat generally. You've got a reasonable headwind that's going to come on in the second, third and fourth quarter as you full well know. At the same time the team has done a great job of taking cost out. So the facility closure in Pennsylvania and integrating that into Florida, certainly helps the core growth that we are going to see in dispensing outside of the one-time order and certainly in rescue will help offset that. So I think you are going to call it flat.
John Moore - CL King: And can you translate into what that means for free cash flow then, as I know that division generates a lot of free cash, you did about $294 million and about a 130% our that income this year, it seems like, I mean is $290 million to $300 million probably a reasonable free cash flow estimate for ’13.
Heath Mitts:  I think we don't break out cash by segment that way but if you look at it in aggregate we did we had a tremendous efforts towards working capital reduction in 2012. Feel very good about where inventory came out in terms of some of the activities that the operating team took on. We will continue to go aggressively after that. We were able to reduce our working capital as a percentage of sales by north of 100 basis points in 2012, and as we look forward to ’13 I think your numbers are directionally correct. Ultimately we would like to have see a 3 in front of it.
Andy Silvernail: John I want to add to that for a second. These calls often are exclusively focused on one side of financial statements, and I've got to say this team did a really fantastic job with free cash flow in 2012. The kind of numbers that we are talking about here are really pretty exceptional. When you look at it on a per share basis you talk about $3.53 a share in free cash flow in 2012, which is far away a record for the company and really demonstrates the focus on execution and sometimes it gets lost in the next year. So I congratulate the team, cash is a major piece of our focus because it enables everything that we do as a company and I think it’s a great story.
Operator: And today's final question is a follow-up from the line of Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: Heath what should we be thinking about full year corporate expense.
Heath Mitts: For 2013, it will be roughly in line with where we exit ’12. There's always some pushes and pulls in terms of that, in terms of certain things where compensation is bucketed and so forth generally around long term incentive plan, stock options and so forth. But it will be in that range of roughly $50 million.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: And just one final one for Andy, you sort of talked about your acquisition process a little bit, as you've had to kind of go through this impairment process on a couple of the biggest transactions IDEX has ever completed. Are there any other changes you are making to the process beyond how you are thinking about the return metrics, are you willing to do a deal if one were to come across tomorrow the size of CVI or does this make a little gun shy going forward. Can you kind of talk about your mentality around that a bit?
Andy Silvernail: Matt that's a very fair question, but let me cut that question in to two parts. First, the changes and then I will call it openness or intent for large deals going forward. On the first side of it, we’ve made a number of changes. The hurdles are one. Frankly, that’s an easy paper exercise that you go through. The bigger ones are, if you went back 18 months ago, our platform strategy was really just developing and if you look at overall at our platforms now, they are fully functioning, they have organizations that are very strong around them and they have what I call the organizational muscle to drive the organic growth at the platform level and give you the capacity to do integrations, and as an example, the deals that we did last year, a couple things, first of all, pricing was kind of 7 to 7.5 times EBITDA. So you see the discipline around that and they’ve gone real well. The other thing is each one of them fell in to a different platform and so you don’t over stress to organization and any one place for the ability to do deals.  So that’s number one, first change. Second one is, we made a decision in the summer of last year to repurpose a number of our resources, corporate and otherwise, to really have a dedicated acquisition integration team. That is not something that we had in the past. We really relied on the businesses to do most of what I will call physical post deal execution, integration. It's not a big team, don’t get me wrong. We're not big fans of what’s overhead, but it is a group of people, that’s what they do. They live them breathe from a diligence in creating the value proposition and understanding what the value drivers are going to be and then partnering with the platforms to make sure that they happen, and I sit with that team every month to look at the deal flow and every quarter to look at how we're executing against our deliverables.  So those are two pretty significant changes to how we think about it along with hurdle rates. The other question, this is an important question, so let me answer it in two ways. The first one is our bias is towards small to medium size deals that really fit our strategic platforms that is definitely our bias. There are however a handful of larger transactions that will significantly change the positioning of a platform or of IDEX, but not that many don’t get me wrong and they would fit very, very clearly into the sweet spots of what we have today. So there are few but our bias is very much towards small to medium size. 
Operator: This concludes the allotted time for today’s question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Andy Silvernail now for any closing remarks. 
Andy Silvernail: Well thank you all very much. I appreciate your time here today and walk in to our 2012 results and as we look at 2013. Obviously we have done a tremendous amount of work to prepare ourselves for a successful 2013, and we think we are in excellent shape to do so. Hopefully what you take away from this call is our commitment to driving organic growth in this business and really executing exceptionally well and being very, very disciplined around capital deployment. So I am proud of the team, they have done very good work, and we look forward to a good 2013. Thank you all. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates - Vice President and CAO Andy Silvernail - Chairman and CEO Heath Mitts - Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Scott Graham - Jefferies Robert Barry - UBS Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird Matt McConnell - Citi Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets Mike Wherley - Janney Capital Markets Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer Matt Summerville - KeyBanc
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IDEX Corporation Q3 2012 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. You may begin your conference.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter 2012 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2012. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows, we will begin with Andy providing some insights from his first year as CEO, and a summary of our strategic planning process that was recently completed. And then, we will provide an updated view on our capital allocation strategy. Next, we will discuss the third quarter 2012 results, followed by a walk-through of our three business segments. And finally, we will wrap-up with our outlook for the reminder of the year. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes. By dialing the toll-free number 855-859-2056 and entering conference ID number 40918415 or you may simply log on to our company’s homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail. Andy?
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. I’d like to thank you for joining us as we talk about the third quarter. In the quarter, we beat the high-end of our expectations, profitability and cash flow to good execution across the corporation. I’m proud how the team is delivering in the phase of a difficult micro-economic environment. As Mike said, before going into the quarterly results and our outlook for the balance of the year. I’m going to take a few minutes to give some insight from my first year as CEO and a brief overview of our recently completed strategic plan. As I stepped into the role on August 2012, excuse me, 2011, a new wave of issues started to roll through the global economy. The U.S. government faced off over the debt ceiling, Europe’s financial issues came to the front and China began an aggressive -- aggressively to work to avoid a hard landing, month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter we’ve seen markets, regions and customers want from one side to the other from rapid demand to hesitant restrained and back. This volatility has been a hallmark of the global economy since modeling out of the great recession. I feel very good about how our team is engaging these challenges, delivering solid results, particularly in profitability and cash flow. Our attitude, the attitude we have internalized, that we need to take advantage of these times. We need to out compete to win for our customers, our shareholders and our employees and doing so, we can consistently position ourselves to be the partner of choice and earn the right to grow. Leadership emerges in difficulty and our team has done that in 2012. This has been one of the most satisfying aspects of the past 15 months. My top priority is to foster outstanding leadership throughout IDEX. It is this dedicated leadership, leadership on the ground that drives innovation, quality, outstanding service and productivity. In the past year, building up a strong foundation, we raised our commitment, investment and expectations in order to deepen our leadership capabilities. We have enhanced leadership development programs throughout IDEX and our most senior executives have been asked to play increasingly critical role in development and mentorship. We have also strengthened our acquisition integration capabilities and are using our integration teams as a way to stretch and grow people, while achieving our value creation objectives. These investments will pay dividends for years to come. A second important aspect of the past year has been the embrace of our global platform strategy. Our six strategic platforms were created to accelerate profitable growth. The platforms help us leverage innovation, applications, channels and costs. They also give us better ability to source, conduct diligence and integrate the acquisitions. In the past year, we’ve executed three deals, all of which fit into different platforms, we are finding already that this gives a significantly more ability to achieve our strategic and financial objectives while reducing risk. Let me share a final observation from this past year. We’re fortunate to have businesses that are differentiated, well-positioned and highly profitable. We can do better however. We started early tackling the realities of the slowing end markets and geographies. We have made difficult structural decisions. While these decisions are never easy. They allow us to be more competitive to reduce our fixed cost base, while increasing investment for growth, is our intention to have all the significant restructuring activities behind us as we enter 2013. With that, I’ll turn to slide five and give a brief summary of our annual strategic planning process that was completed in September. Every year we prepare three-year strategic plan that focuses on accelerating profitable growth through competitive differentiation. These plans are developed by business and they are a critical input to the overall enterprise strategy. Based on these assessments, our investment choices become clearly defined. I was very pleased with the output of the planning process. While I wish the macro trends will put more [winded] a back, our teams are facing reality and are determined to win in any environment. Overall, we believe we will continue to operate in a muted macro-economic environment. Our goal, regardless of the macro trends is to outperform global growth by 2 to 3 points organically and deliver consistent double-digit earnings growth, great cash conversion and superior return on invested capital over a business cycle. To deliver these results, our global strategy is simple, to build global platforms and defensible niches in attractive, highly-engineered markets, where we can create a leadership position and successfully apply the IDEX operating model. This strategy is consistent with the division we outlined last year, excuse me, division we outlined last year. To deliver this strategy, we have become increasingly more focused on three themes. First, we’ll accelerate organic growth in our core businesses. This will be executed through our platform strategy. We will increase alignment to end markets and regions with the most attractive growth profile. Today about three quarters of our revenue is aligned to faster growing end markets. We want to consistently improve the mix while also moving our emerging market exposure up. Today that stands at about 20%. While some of the emerging markets challenge the present, we are confident that the long-term trend for superior growth is regions east and south. To enable our growth, we will increase investment in business development, product management and product development. Second, we identified execution initiatives, specifically focus around core customers and product segments. We’ve had great success over the years deploying mix modeling and commercial excellence capabilities. We’re known by our customers for keeping our promises, the bar must be continually raised, however. In world of slower, overall economic growth we must continue to have the best quality, lead times and costs. This will enable us to win the competitive battle today and invest in innovation and growth for tomorrow. Our mandate is to over serve our best customers, while eliminating non-value added complexity that continually creeps into a highly engineered model. And lastly, we are emphasizing more flexible capital deployment to maximize total shareholder returns. Strategic acquisitions will continue to be our primary use of excess cash. However, we plan to repurchase IDEX stock in a more consistent manner and we’ll increase share repurchase -- share repurchases when deemed advantageous. Let’s go to the next slide to talk more of our capital deployment. I’m now on slide six. We have the ability and is our intention to deploy $1.5 billion of capital over the next three years. We will maintain a conservative structured and long-term focused balance sheet. We will have ample capacity to support concurrent investments. Consistent with past practices, organic growth will always receive our first dollar investment. With respect to dividends, we will return approximately 30% of our earnings to our shareholders each year. In addition to organic growth and consistent dividends, strategic acquisitions will remain a priority. We have a long standing and discipline approach to M&A. The current pipeline is solid and we are at various stages of diligence on a number of small and mid-sized deals. Our acquisitions will focus on building out our platforms to expanding our geographic reach, filling technology gaps and accelerating into adjacencies. As I mentioned earlier, we closed on three small deals this year, most recently Matcon in early Q3. We believe that our capital deployment must also be flexible, we need -- we need to be able to react and take advantage of dislocation and asset pricing when opportunities present themselves. As an example, in 2012, we’ve seen the valuation for reasonable quality medium to large businesses become excessive, buyers, strategic and private equity are paying up due to weak GDP growth expectations and the availability of cheap short-term money. let me be clear, this is not our game. Instead, we’ve been active with reasonably priced small to medium deals and we repurchased shares throughout the year. We would -- we’ve deployed over $150 million between the two. We will continue this approach as long as current market conditions persist. In terms of share repurchase, last night we announced that our Board of Directors approved an additional $200 million. This is on top of the approximately $50 million that remains from our prior authorization. Generally, we will target buying a minimum of 1% to 2% of our total outstanding shares annually. The larger authorization gives us the flexibility to increase our share repurchase beyond the 1% to 2% when IDEX is trading at a meaningful discount the company’s intrinsic value and the M&A market is overpriced. We have outstanding cash flow and terrific balance sheet. To deliver the best total returns to shareholders. We will use these powerful assets intelligently, investing the $1.5 billion for organic growth, consistent dividend, as well as flexible approach to strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Taken together, we believe we can consistently deliver double-digit annual earnings growth and high returns and capital over the business cycle. With that, let’s move on to the quarterly results. I’m on slide seven everyone. We had a solid quarter, delivering earnings above the top end of our expectations and with outstanding cash flow. We are executing well in these uncertain times. Demand remains inconsistent, however, particularly in Europe and China. The headline news is real. Europe is very soft, especially in the south, while Germany and pockets of Eastern Europe are okay. India and China are decelerating, but on the positive side, Southeast Asia is holding strong and broadly speaking, North America has remained resilient. Furthermore, we’ve seen very tightly managed inventories throughout distribution and OEMs. I will go into this in more detail on our segment discussions but the overriding theme is ongoing volatility in challenge market conditions. For the quarter, sales were up 1% organically but orders were down 3% -- down 4% organically, and for the first time in several quarters, more sales were generated domestically than internationally, demonstrating the relative strength in the U.S. and weakness in several other geographies. Third quarter adjusted operating margin of 18.3% was equal to the third quarter of last year. But on an apples to apples basis, excluding the benefit in 2011 from the forfeited CEO equity op margin was up 60 bips. Third quarter EPS adjusted for restructuring charges was $0.66, $0.02 above the high-end of our expectations. The third quarter 2011 EPS as you recall benefited from two one-off items, specifically, the forfeitures CEO equity compensation mentioned above and a true-up of the 2011 year-to-date tax rate. As of these two discrete items and the restructuring cost in both periods, EPS would have equal in the quarter. Q3 include approximately $7 million of restructuring as we continued to proactively reduce structural costs. As I’ve said in the past, is our intent for our restructuring activity to be completed by the end of the year. In Q3, we generate free cash of $92 million, up 7% from the prior year, the $92 million of free cash flow is a quarterly record for the company. The balance sheet remains extremely strong, providing us flexibility, I have already highlighted. I’m pleased with the team success, in spite of challenging external conditions. Let’s start the segment discussions with Fluid & Metering. I’m on slide eight. For the fourth quarter, orders were up 3% organically or organic sales were down 1%. Our Ag business continues to shine, demand remains strong with double-digit growth, coupled with significant margin expansion. We continue to be optimistic about the growth potential within this business. Within our Energy platform, we remain bullish on the broader energy distribution outlook, while the Americas and South Asia remain strong, the rest of world especially China faced pressure in Q3. The current economic environment has truly impacted the project activity for our chemical processing, food business with orders flowing in Q3. With that said, this platform continues to deliver productivity through cost reduction initiatives and operational enhancements. As we’ve highlighted previously, our water business continues to bounce along the bottom. The industrial portion of the business is solid, while municipal continues to wait for meaningful changes in funding, specifically in our Western Europe. The pattern of high quote volume is biased toward operating spending, but we still see very weak capital spending. These trends are unchanged. FM team’s operating margin of 21.4% was 130 basis points higher than last year, which once again demonstrates the outstanding job the team is doing and delivering in a difficult environment. Let’s move on to Health & Science. I’m on page 9. The segment performed as we expected for the quarter. As we discussed during the second quarter call, we knew we’d have typical comparisons for Q3 in orders and sales. Orders were down 9% for the quarter on an organic basis, while sales were up 2% but down 4% organically. Geographically, Europe and China were weak across the segment, while results in North America were reasonable. The Scientific Fluidics business has found equilibrium, while the concerns about government funding persist as we approach the election and the questions of sequestration. We saw a solid rebound in the analytical instruments and diagnostic markets, and we expect to have positive comparisons in Q4. Within our Optics and Photonics platform, we are beginning to see the benefits of all the actions we’ve taken over the past year to right size the business. Orders improve sequentially and margins expanded as we’ve driven cost as a system. We also built optics backlog in the quarter for the first time since the CVI acquisition. Overall, in the quarter, the HST segment reduced backlog by approximately $10 million. This is primarily attributed to softness experienced in our material process technology platform and the businesses with heavier industrial exposure. Our MPT platform produces large capital equipment for pharmaceutical, chemical and food production lines. In the third quarter, MPT started to feel pressure driven by the constraints of our customers’ capital budgets. This softness is most pronounced in Asia, but was a trend in most markets. Operating margins of 17.3% were up 70 basis points sequentially for the segment and on apples-to-apples basis, adjusting for the impact of recently completed acquisitions. Margins were up 140 basis points sequentially. The sequential improvements demonstrate the benefits from the aggressive structural actions we’ve taken this year. Okay. I’m moving on to our final segment. I’m on page 10. Fire, Safety and Diversified, totaled orders in the quarter were down 10%, organically they were down 7%. As you know, the project activity tends to create lumpiness within this segment. Overall, end market demand for this segment was mixed and largely followed geographic trends. Sales increased 10% and were up 13% organically. As I previously discussed, this quarter benefited from the delivery of large dispensing replenishment order we’ve received in Q1. This order will continue to shift radically into Q1 of 2013. In the quarter, our dispensing business commercially released our X-SMART, an entry-level automatic colorant dispenser that will provide a tinting solution to a broader base of customers. This initial interest has been tremendous in the emerging markets, as well as smaller retailers and developed economies. X-SMART is a global product for the paint dispensing market that is being manufactured in a shear facility in India. We believe this innovation is another example of IDEX responding to the voice of the customer and delivering in market demanded products. The missile fire market is playing now like we anticipated. The U.S. is stable while Europe is becoming more challenges. Budget cuts are limiting capital spent. However, our fire suppression business continues to offset the European headwinds to penetration in AJC markets both domestically and internationally. The rescue business is experiencing similar transpire. However, one unique aspect is that Chinese budgetary funds are currently being held up in connection with the upcoming provincial elections. We fully anticipate funding and expect to see the benefits in 2013. BAND-IT continues to be a product innovation and execution story. Regardless of market pressure, they continue to find applications for growth while remaining focused on execution. I’m very pleased with the entire platform in the quarter. Along with delivering on organic growth, profitability was impressive with operating margin up at 24.8%, up 360 basis points from the third quarter of last year. The margin expansion is largely attributed to structural cost actions previously taken, volume leverage and truly excellent productivity. Okay. I’m going to wrap up my prepared remarks with a guidance update on slide 11. Q4 organic revenue growth would be relatively flat. FX will have a modestly negative year-over-year impact on Q4 sales. We have maintained our full-year 2012 EPS guidance to be in the range of $2.65 to $2.70, with organic revenue growth of approximately 3%. Given the current macro environment and starting backlog, we’re trending more towards the bottom of our range. In order to achieve the high end, we would need to see near-term improvement in Europe and China and channel inventory fill from current low levels. Full year operating margin for the company will be between 18% and 18.5%. Some other modeling items to consider, which maybe consistent with prior guidance, the 2012 tax rate is anticipated to be approximately 30%, relatively in line with our year-to-date rate. Full year CapEx would be roughly $38 million, and as we have always demonstrated, we will continue to convert cash extremely well in excess of net income for the full-year. Finally, our earnings projections exclude future restructuring, future acquisitions or cost and charges associated with acquisitions. All right, in summary, IDEX demonstrated resilience in the face of all times. Our businesses are very flexible, and they know how to react to changing market conditions, while always maintaining our customers is our number one priority. We do continue to see and experienced difficult market conditions, but we are committed to executing through our proven operating model, which has really demonstrated our ability to support organic growth while expanding margins despite external market pressures. With that, I’m going to conclude my prepared remarks for the third quarter and I’ll open things up to questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Allison.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: On the organic revenue growth assumption for 2012, it seems like you guys have obviously ticked it down a little bit. Is there anything specific from Q2 to Q3 that is driving that or is it just general and macro overall?
Andy Silvernail: Allison, it’s really the general macro. I think, like we’ve all seen here in the news and then the recent releases. The big trends continued to be Europe, that’s kind of been and overall as the biggest hole. China in the quarter, as we’ve talked about before, we saw deceleration happening really late this kind of last time last year, fourth quarter last year. And we saw that in 2Q and 3Q and then, I would say the one thing that might be a little bit different is we get a sense that capital spending -- larger capital spending really tightened up in the third quarter. And from the quote activity that we have, it doesn’t look like that’s a long-term trend. It really looks like that’s some clamping down in advance of the elections and the end of year issues relative to the fiscal cliff.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Great. And then you guys did a great job on the execution side. Obviously there is a lot of uncertainty out there, how should we be thinking about going forward in terms of daily get quote down 5%? Do you still have the ability that you think will hold margins relatively flat at this point, I know without the volumes?
Andy Silvernail: Allison, with core down 5%, that’s awfully tough to offset, right. At the same time, we believe that if we saw in our recession, if we saw recession like we did in 2008, 2009 as you might imagine we get this question a lot. We took out mid-$40 million of costs when that happened. And just to be clear, we don’t have that kind of same amount of cost to take out. We didn’t add back anywhere near the cost that we took out in that time period. But we think we could take out in the neighborhood of $20 million or so if we had a substantial drop. So the way that I kind of encourage people to build up a model and those things is think about the contribution margin flow-through of a drop like that, and then add back on an annualized basis kind of that $20 million rate.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Great. Perfect. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Allison.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Same track horse side. You’ve taken restructuring charge in a number of successive quarters, Andy and I’m just wondering, what the cost savings benefit it will be from them? How much have we seen of it and how much is still in front of us?
Andy Silvernail: Scott, we haven’t been real specific with it. Let me give you some general guidance. The cost that we took out again kind of referencing back to ‘08, ‘09, those were costs that came out of regions that typically had quicker payback just frankly because of the structural costs and severance associated with them are lower. The costs that we’ve been going after year here this year are more expensive cost with a little bit longer payback. If the other ones were called 12 to 15 months, these are more 18 to 24 month paybacks generally. I would say, we’ve gotten less than a quarter. Is that fair? With less than a quarter eaten in cost out that we think we’ll see on an annualized basis. The reason being is a lot of the stuff is going to get finalize in the fourth quarter, right, the actual costs finally coming out. So, Heath, anything to add there?
Heath Matts: No. That’s right. You’ll see additional restructuring in the fourth quarter, as we wrap up the internally announced items that are in play as we speak. And then obviously you saw the $7 million restructuring number in the third quarter, most of which that we start to see the benefit from late this year but really more in the next Jan.
Andy Silvernail: So think of kind of two-thirds to three quarters, we will see in 2013 and beyond.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: So, but when you say payback, are you saying dollar-for-dollar on the charge?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. It’s kind of how we think. We think of it as kind of a cash basis. You bet.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Okay. Now is this incremental to what has historically been this $20 million to $25 million of productivity?
Andy Silvernail: It is. It is. Scott, most of that $20 million, $25 million is going to be more around sourcing activities than restructuring, right. That $20 million to $25 million is kind of shifted more towards three quarters of which, is more sourcing material savings, and the remaining piece being more the operational excellence savings. As you would expect coming out of the last recession, we just don’t have the direct labor base to work from in terms of that size. There tends to be things more around things that are associated with on-time delivery scrap reduction, overtime reduction and those types of things, so. But the restructuring dollars we are really talking about here are in a different bucket in the sense that they tend to be more associated with facilities going away. 
Heath Matts: Overhead. Got it. Right. 
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Good. Thank you. Last question is this picture of this balance between acquisitions and share repurchases are pretty big chunks we’ve seen historically from the company. So, I’m just wondering kind of why we hear, I mean I certainly understand the tenants of returns on invested capital and your focus on them. It’s just that historically you’ve been much more tilted obviously toward M&A, and I’m just kind of wondering, what landed it here? Is it a change in the M&A environment, are prices too high or is this just Andy Silvernail stamp?
Andy Silvernail: That’s a great question, Scott. I appreciate it. We’ve put an awful lot of thought into this over the past year, and it really is a combination of things. So let me first state that our strategic acquisitions remain number one. All things being equal, once we fully funded organic growth and we’ve paid kind of dividend as we’ve kind offsetting range. All things being equal, we want to do strategic acquisitions. That being said, acquisitions don’t exist in a vacuum, they exist in a market. And there are going to be times when acquisitions are not as attractive and they are going to be times when IDEX is more attractive and we think the same valuation techniques and the same level of discipline thinking are going to both of those. And so when we see dislocations, we think we ought to be flexible enough to do so. I think we want to be very, very clear. We don’t intend to be a company that is consistently on the far end of share repurchases, that’s not our intention. But when the opportunities present themselves, we want to be prepared to take advantage of that. And then when you at today’s market, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks if you look at medium and large acquisitions or M&A properties that are of any quality at all, there is a dislocation versus any historical standard that exist right now. You’re seeing industrial properties trading at 12, 13, 14, 15 plus times EBITDA for things that are substantially, substantially of lower quality than IDEX as the whole. And so we’re just, we are not interested in that game. I guess that’s funny math that we can get our head around. Now at the same time, when you look at the small to medium-sized market, there’s still stuff out there. We’ve got stuff in our funnel today that we are very excited about. We could potentially close some this year, we will see. It’s a little bit tougher to do right now, but that is smaller, that are of high quality and we can put capital to work that really fits our strategy. As an example, if you look at the three deals we’ve done this year, they average 7 to 7.5 times EBITDA pre- synergy they all fit nicely into our platform strategy and that’s the kind of game we want to play. Now, we love if they were bigger, if they were three times the size of what they are but we’re going to be disciplined.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Thank you very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Barry with UBS.
Robert Barry - UBS: Hello.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Robert.
Robert Barry - UBS: I just wanted to clarify on the 4Q outlook for sales. I think you said about flattish organically. It sounds like FSD up nicely, HST up maybe a little and FMT down a fair amount perhaps. Is that kind of directionally how you’re thinking about it?
Heath Mitts: Robert, this is Heath. We didn’t specifically guide by segment but I think directionally that’s you’re not that far.
Robert Barry - UBS: Okay.
Heath Mitts: We’re going to -- we’re going to continue to benefit in FSD on the -- from some of the replenishment activity as well as there is a little bit of seasonality in FSD especially with rescue tools business. It tends to have the strongest quarter of the year. It tends to be the fourth quarter.
Robert Barry - UBS: Yeah.
Heath Mitts: So as you think about things on either on sequential basis, you will see a little bit of uptick there. On a year-over-year basis, it’s merely more of the dispensing activity going on.
Robert Barry - UBS: I wanted to just drill down into FMT a little bit on the chemical project activity. I know a big theme, we’ve been talking about for a while is cheap shale gas…
Heath Mitts: Yeah.
Robert Barry - UBS:  …investment there, I mean, maybe there is less drilling for gas but the gas is still cheap. Has that dynamic change or maybe within chemical, what’s the dynamic that’s causing that slow down?
Andy Silvernail: There are a couple of things, one is kind of the impact shale gas more broadly and two is is what’s going on in CFP, we call it chemical, food, process. So the shale gas play as we kind of say consistently we don’t play really big in that. We play in the custody transfer side and in the store side to a degree. We never had that kind of crazy ramp-up that happened over the past 24 months and we didn’t have crazy ramp down. So then we can put that to that side.
Robert Barry - UBS: Yeah. Just talking in the context of a chemical investment that it was engendering?
Andy Silvernail: That’s a good point. What we’ve seen in the overall CFP platform is what I would call is really leveling off right now. A big piece of it, there are two things that work on C. Number one, that the project business that this kind of driven at the OEM level specifically as you look at Asia, that did tighten up in the quarter. There is no doubt about that. The day rate business that is a kind of flow business is coming through distribution. Generally, that looks pretty good. So less concerned about that than I am about some of the capital stuff but there is some leveling off generally of that business as you know that that has been a horse that we’ve ridden. It’s been incredibly strong for us for a long-time here and we’ve seen growth slowdown a little bit.
Robert Barry - UBS: Maybe if I could quickly shift focus to the margin side and in HST, I know that you had talked about exiting the year at about an 18.5%, mid 18, I think was the comment. How is that trending? I know that the margins sequentially take down a little bit in the quarter. I don’t know if a lot of the restructuring cost should be adjusted out of that 17.3%, just maybe a little color on how you’re thinking about the outlook for the margins on HST?
Andy Silvernail: No, Robert, the sequential margins for the segments actually ticked up about 70 basis points.
Heath Mitts: 140 apples-to-apples.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, apples-to-apples, it’s been 140 because we did have some acquisition impact with the Matcon deal and the costs associated with that deal, both the step up as well as just the acquisition-related costs there. So we’re on track from the cost. Our perspective and that is mainly around the optics platform that we discussed, I think last quarter. I would say at the current volume rate, we’re probably somewhere between mid 17’s to 18% in terms of that -- where that segment is going to end up for the year on an exit rate. So went down a little bit but that’s really more following the volume trend than anything else. If anything I’d say we’re exceeding our expectations from a costing -- from a cost-out perspective relative to what our plans have been for that segment.
Robert Barry - UBS: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Robert.
Heath Mitts: Thanks Robert.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird: So on the commentary you made about refocusing or continuing to focus or even more aggressive focus on higher growth end markets, higher growth product categories, higher growth geographies. Does that have any implications for a divestiture strategy? Any change there?
Andy Silvernail: We’ve really remained very consistent with how we thought about any type of divestitures. One of the challenges that we have in the things that get talked about often is that they’re very, very high return on cash-on-cash returns. And unlike some of our businesses that sit within HST and FMT, you don’t have what I’ll call -- there aren’t really a lot of strategics out there. They’re going to get synergy benefits by and therefore can really pay up in this market. There are really more businesses that would likely be a private equity type transaction and even with the frothy markets that we’re seeing today, those kind of properties are seeing 10 or 11 times multiple. So the answer to your question Mike is we’re not going to sell our business unless we believe it’s absolutely the right thing for the shareholders overall. And that would really have to mean that you got at the right price with the right partner and candidly that’s hard to see happening in the immediate term.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird: So no real change there and then, just kind of walking through that $1.5 billion plus capital deployment and trying to put the -- put the categories in the buckets, if you continue your dividend growth at the pace you’re at, you probably in that $75 plus million of expenditures per year on that side buybacks, $40 million to $70 million, give or take maybe little bit less. Could you kind of then split how you’re thinking about the internal organic investment side, maybe give some perspective and on how much capital you’ve been spending on that side over the last few years or maybe percent of revenue, percent of cash flow something like that and then maybe compare contrast a little bit on that side?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Great question by the way, Mike. As we think about this, you’re right, the dividend is kind of 225 to 250, all up, I think about $1.5 billion as a whole. It probably -- range you laid out for buybacks, all things you’re kind of equal that, that’s probably about right too, right end up, lets just call that $150 million to $200 million plus or minus, somewhere in there. And so you end up with about $1 billion left right and the reason I say billion left is in that number, we’re already thinking about organic investments being fully funded. We very, very rarely say no to an organic investment. The return on tangible capital of our businesses is very, very high and therefore we’re able to make these investments and feel very good about them. And even with that, it’s -- they just simply don’t absorb -- can absorb the kind of free cash flow that we throw off. So now that being said you can tell from my prepared remarks around product development, around business development and around product management. We want to move some more resources across the business ended there but we think we can fund that by kind of taking cost out of other places, some of the overhead cost we’ve been taking out and reinvesting them without having to give up the margin expansion opportunities we talked about. So what that really does is that leaves about $1 billion for either strategic acquisitions or in a likelihood we would have some kind of event where you can do acquisitions and absorb the kind of capital. We’ll redeploy it elsewhere. So go ahead.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird: So really basically then when you think about it, you guys have been talking on an annualized basis $300 plus million of acquisitions pretty consistently. Now you flexed up and flexed down a little bit in certain years over the last couple of years but honestly, this sounds like not much of a change from the acquisition standpoint from an intense standpoint, just recognizing that the external environment maybe might not be as conducive at periods of time. So augmenting it more to share repurchase side but not much of a change in the overall acquisition stand -- from an overall acquisition deployment standpoint?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. I think, I think that’s a fair statement that would -- I guess, the only thing I would make exception to is that we’re certainly growing, that we think that EBITDA is going to grow and give us more leverage over time but generally we think -- we agree with you.
Mike Halloran - Robert W. Baird: That’s great. Thanks for the time guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell with Citi.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Matt.
Matt McConnell - Citi: Really, I’d like to follow-up on that, how you get it to $1.5 billion because it looks like that’s a nice multiple of what you have been earnings over the next three years. And even if we give you credit for good free cash flow conversion, what else is in there that can get you that $1.5 billion and had you been talking about the number of like 1 to 1.2 previously?
Heath Mitts: Matt, this is Heath. We have been talking about number of 1 to 1.2 and it does assume on top of our free cash flow generation, some moderate room for taking on some debt to the flex up into you know somewhere between 2 and 2.5 times EBITDA if we needed to fund the acquisitions and do everything else, we just laid out there.
Matt McConnell - Citi: Okay.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, Matt, we have $600 million today on our revolver that’s untapped.
Matt McConnell - Citi: Yeah.
Andy Silvernail: And then, you got the cash flow, an incremental leverage on the cash flow.
Matt McConnell - Citi: Okay. Great. That’s helpful. And then if I could touch on CVI, is there anything big left to do from a cost perspective and maybe if you could give us an update of what the revenue run rate is and maybe where we’d need to get. I know, you had been talking about the mid-teens operating margin? How much more incremental revenue would you need to kind of bring that back to the discussion for CVI?
Andy Silvernail: So generally, from a cost execution standpoint, we’ll finish what we had laid out in Q4. And I’ll say that we are very much on track to execute what we had laid out when we talked about in detail and we’ve more detail rather in our Q2 call. As I said, the platform as a whole built, overall we built backlog in the quarter. That was nice because we had done that in a while. So I think we’re on track to that. Now that being said, the defense markets and the semiconductor market are still not being particularly helpful, right. So the overall demand is still not great. We did see a bounce back in on the scientific side and in life sciences generally in the quarter, which is good news. But to get to that kind of mid-teens that we’re talking about we still need a little bit of help on the topline but not of time.
Matt McConnell - Citi: Okay. Great. That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Andy, with respect to your comment and towards the tail end of your prepared comments when you said somewhere along the lines that you’re trailing towards the low end EBITDA. Can you give us the sense of the tenor of business as you went through the quarter and has that changed much going into the first part of October that leads you to kind of comment?
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Charlie. Actually, the order in sales book was pretty level throughout the quarter. I’ll say it improved a little bit towards the back end of the quarter but that’s kind of typical. That’s not atypical. October has been okay and when I say okay it’s been coming in line with our expectations. We’re pretty hesitant to call anything different from the trend what we’ve seen in October, just because it’s so early on. We really only have two weeks of view from it. There is nothing in there. At this point, I think it threatens the bottom end of that expectation that we’re talking about. At the same time, I would say that we’re definitely tracking if the result that we are seeing today in the backlog we came into the quarter with, we expect that we finished at the low-end of those expectations. And I think that’s a safer thing to do. If you see some rebound from capital spending, if you see rebound -- rebound at all in Europe which we don’t expect in China, which could happen and potentially some inventory fill that’s what get you to the higher end of that expectation but I think it’s very, very safe to say that we -- with that lower end is what we expect at this point.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. And on the fire, diversified dispensing side of the business how much of that organic growth is being driven by that sell of the large order that’s going to kind of fill out into Q1 of ‘13. It did bulk of that organic growth or is there other stuff within that business that’s also seeing up?
Andy Silvernail: Everything in the quarter was up modestly. Rescue tools and Band-It did okay. So I mean, I was still getting some significant help at the segment level from that order, but it wasn’t the whole thing now.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then just on a…
Andy Silvernail: Even the fire piece on organic basis is held in okay, given the macro trends.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks. And just on a largest sort of bigger picture longer-term outlook as we look kind of your commentary about how you want to grow the above global GDP by 200 to 300 basis points and kind of your M&A outlook right now, I mean what do you think kind of the mixes on longer-term organic growth, I guess that’s 200 to 300 basis points above global GDP, but kind of where how much more leverage on organic growth kind of across the cycle or no organic growth, acquisition growth do you think you can get across the cycle given kind of your current framework of how you’re positioning your M&A strategy?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. If we assume that we can buy a reasonable multiple, so let’s picking average of kind of just say 8, 8.5 let’s just pick that -- pick a number like that. In that kind of environment, you can add five plus points of growth to the topline a year. If you are buying at those kind of rates plus or minus assuming that your buying businesses that aren’t quite as good from a profitability standpoint of IDEX as whole but have the ability to get there. You can add kind of that five plus percent in topline.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Thanks, Charlie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wherley with Janney Capital Markets.
Mike Wherley - Janney Capital Markets: On the Fire and Safety segment, it looks like Band-It and Fire Suppression have been doing a great job of finding new markets for their products. And I was just wondering, if the sale strategy is being used there, can be used or already being used by your other segments?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Absolutely, Band-It has long band, really are shining star in taking applications and finding new vertical markets and going really deep in there. They’ve been very, very successful. For Fire, that’s kind of a recent phenomenon and they really moved into the nuclear side of the market, had some success here this year. We had some impact from the Fukushima event but they really has driven some safety initiatives across the global nuclear power front they’ve taken advantage of. So, that’s kind of first and second part is absolutely the focus of grabbing on to some vertical markets and going deep is very valuable. At the same time, I think what’s really important is you got to stay close to your core. Our core businesses are exceptionally good and even in places that we have what I call high market share, this deal lots a room for growth. On a global basis and new applications or new adjacent applications and my real focus with the teams here is let’s maximize our core to the customers that were exceptionally successful with that we over served today and that we know we can make money by creating real value for them. And so, that’s really priority one. But we do, do it, but focus is absolutely on the core.
Mike Wherley - Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And then on the rescue side you said that, you think that this sort of pullback in China is temporary and you expect to get these sales in 2013. What gives you that confidence?
Andy Silvernail: A couple of things, the biggest chunk of the business that we are talking about right here is relative to the Chinese army. And we had some real success in actually signing a long-term agreement there. And I feel very, very good that that spending is going to continue. So, we have an agreement that we think is going to be successful. Unlike, the other players who are in the market, we have an exceptionally strong local presence in China. So, we feel good that that’s going to play out.
Mike Wherley - Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And last of all just on your strategy page, you said that you want to reduce complexity through business segmentation and simplification, can you just add a little bit more detail there?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Absolutely, when you look at, at anyone of IDEX businesses, the beauty and the curse of a highly engineered model as you bring in off a lot of complexity into the mix. And as we focused around our best customers and our best products, you can actually take product design, you can simplify product design, you can simplify channel management, you can simplify in the supply chain execution, so getting really tight around those core products and core channels. And then the long tail in businesses like ours, the long tail tends to creep in over the cycle back and back again. And so, you’ve got to take out that complexity and make sure you’re servicing that long tail well, but they are going to be treated differently than the core. And how you resource in terms of how you align people, how you align really throughout the entire supply chain is pretty important.
Mike Wherley - Janney Capital Markets: Thanks a lot.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Noorigian with Vertical Research.
Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research: I was just…
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research: Wanted to touch base on water real quick, I think last quarter kind of sounded like things have turned the corner and maybe you mentioned some signs of life now. Since I could push out past 2013, I was just wondering if anything had change there in the quarter and that what you are seeing in that end market?
Andy Silvernail: What we start to see kind of in the second quarter, specifically in the U.S. as we start to see the order, excuse me, that the quote activity really turn up and just the number of quotes that start to play out. At the same time, if you recall what we said was those quotes were look like they were coming out of operating budgets with smaller over a longer period of time. And they look like things call it necessary maintenance or necessary programs so to speak. And we said we were cautiously optimistic. And I think what’s happening here and I’m talking about the U.S. very specifically municipal water is the funding just has not broke yet. And we -- until you see municipal receipts substantially change and we’ve said there is a couple times in the past, that’s just going to be tough for that to play out. Europe, the Europe piece, we’ve been relatively pessimistic about I would say that pessimism was realized in the third quarter. And you’re just seeing real tightness across that the European municipal budgets that they deal with their fiscal issues. The industrial water piece is okay, that has been solid especially North America, but its municipal Europe that’s the biggest problem. And just we’re not seen quotes turn into -- into order yet in the U.S.
Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research: Okay. And then going to be M&A real quick, can you maybe flush out where is the priority allocate the dollars are, is it more in HST, FMT, balance approaching, what kind of end markets are you looking at?
Andy Silvernail: First of all, we really like the balance between FMT and HST. We think that’s an excellent balance over a business cycle. It certainly takes out cyclicality. It allows us, it gives us leverage across multiple platforms. And so, we’ve thought about M&A, is we have the three strategic platforms in HST and three strategic platforms in FMT, and we’ve built organizational muscle around each of those. And its our belief that we’ll be able to far better balance and take advantage of the markets when they are more attractive to us by having that balance approach. And also, and I think very importantly, that organizational structure gives us more muscled to integrate. And if you look at the acquisitions that we’ve done this year so far, yet they all three are happened to be in HST. And pricing by the way is better in HST generally in the marketplaces. We paid very reasonable multiples and each of those sit in a different platform and really eases integration and reduces risks. So you should expect to see that overtime. As you move to a cycle, you’re going to get emphasis in one area over another in period of time, but as you move, generally as you go through the cycle, our intend is to really have balance.
Andrew Noorigian - Vertical Research: Great. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Giannakouros with Oppenheimer.
Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer: You targeted ROIC, can you put some numbers to that as far as, I guess, what your hurdle rates are for internal investments or just how you’re thinking about ROIC overtime on future acquisitions, specific to your strategic plan?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. No problem, Jim. So, let me talk about ROIC more holistically. The way we’re thinking about it and I know people kind of measured sometimes a little differently, so just to be very consistent. The way we think of it, is EBITDA multiple -- with the tax rate to EBITDA times one minus to tax rate divided by total capital. So, we are looking at a cash on cash returns that include all the goodwill, et cetera, so cash on cash return. As we sit today, we’re sitting at about 11.5% on that measurement. Our goal over time is to increase that and I think a reasonable goal is going to take few years to get there, is to get to that closer to 15%. Our return on tangible assets is multiples of that, right, its very, very good. And our return on investment for our acquisitions, our goal is 12% by year three and 15% by year five. So we can bring up that average closer to the 50% in total. So, that’s how we’re thinking about return on invested capital the businesses and it’s not a fast metric, it doesn’t move quickly. But with expansion on the operating earning side and with good capital management, we think we can get there.
Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer: Okay. That is helpful. And just one other quick one. I noticed that your CapEx, I’m sorry, if I missed it, if you commented on that earlier, but it seems like you lowered just a smidge by about $2 million or so versus your previous guidance, is there anything specific you can call out there?
Heath Mitts: Jim, this is Heath. No. It just really where our run rates coming in for the year. I mean our CapEx items tend to be things with the average ticket prices of $50,000 or less, so it’s not, we deferred a project or anything like that, but we’re about $28 million year-to-date and with our anticipated fourth quarter number it will be somewhere between $37 million and $39 million, we expect to have another $9 million or $10 million in the fourth quarter. So, no changes there, just a couple million off of our earlier expected run rate.
Jim Giannakouros - Oppenheimer: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: I just want to follow-up on Health & Science, make sure, I understand some of the dynamics here. So orders were down 9% organically, but it sounded like from a comment made earlier in the call, you expect that business to grow organically in Q4. Can you just help me filling those blanks or bridge that in terms of how you guys get there?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. I think you might be confusing, one of the comments I was talking specific about the scientific fluidic platform, so that...
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: Okay.
Andy Silvernail: … help into analytical instrumentation diagnostics, biotechnology. We -- as you know its been a business is really face the most of the funding concerns, call it governmental funding concerns. And we saw, some we saw -- some of that track down in fourth quarter of last year. So, frankly, we get some easier comparables. If you look at the segment as a whole, we’re still going to comp against the stronger backlog that we had from the optics and photonic platform, and from the -- we had a very strong backlog build coming out of our material process. So, organics, for HST, probably down 3 to 4 in the fourth quarter, somewhere in there and but, I would say, improving sequential trends, certainly from optics and photonics and certainly, from scientific fluidics.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: Got it. So the fluidics piece grows a little bit the MPT piece in the industrial side are the worst kind of hit in Q4?
Andy Silvernail: They are. We had a really, really strong third and fourth quarter MPT last year. And it’s a little bit longer cycle business than you folks are used to seeing with us. And so, that was pretty weak from third quarter perspective in this quarter. And the industrial businesses were also weaker, but that takes a little bit longer to play through the backlog.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: Great. Thanks, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Andy Silvernail: Well, thank you all again, very much for joining us for the quarterly call. Again, in a difficult market environment, we think the teams are executing well, specifically on profit and cash flow. and that really is going to be our focus as we move forward, continuing to out compete in a difficult environment and make very good decisions on how we deploy our capital. So, again, thank you very much for your time and we will see you in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Yates – Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Andy Silvernail – Chairman and CEO Heath Mitts – Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus Joe Radigan – KeyBanc Mike Halloran – Robert W. Baird Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Scott Graham – Jefferies Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer Walt Liptak – Barrington Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IDEX Corporation Q2 2012 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. You may begin your conference.
Michael Yates: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX second quarter 2012 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three and six-month period ended June 30, 2012. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows, we will begin with our mid-year assessment and our perspective on the business. Next, we will discuss the second quarter 2012 results, followed by a walk-through of our three business segments. Finally, we will wrap-up with an outlook for the reminder of 2012 and following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes. By dialing the toll-free number 855-859-2056 and entering the conference ID 40917655 or you may simply log on to our company’s homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn this call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail. Andy?
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike. I’m now on slide five everyone. Last night we issued our second quarter results. We outlined Q2 records in orders, sales and cash flow, and we returned $43 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. However, we missed our earnings expectations and we see the balance of the year as more challenging than we did in Q1. It is our goal to consistently deliver superior earnings and cash flow growth in both good and difficult times. Our strategy and our operating model are proven, which is reflected in our strong cash flow performance and margin expansion in Q2. Before we get into the details of the quarter, I’m going to talk big picture, the recent global trends, the successes we’ve had and some of the specific challenges we faced in the first half. As we exited the first quarter, we saw strength throughout the vast majority of our markets. We had a healthy backlog and solid order rates throughout the portfolio. Within a few weeks of delivering our guidance update in April, we saw certain markets deteriorate. Order rates softened first in Europe and then in China, which combined to make up about one-third of our sales. Our second quarter guidance did not anticipate the magnitude of the deceleration. In the quarter, we reduced backlog by $28 million. While we plan to burn down blanket orders and ship large scheduled projects, roughly half is attribute to macroeconomic headwinds. The good news is that North America and most of the emerging markets remain strong. However, we fully expect this challenge -- the challenging macroeconomic conditions to continue through the remainder of the year, if these external factors that have caused us to take down our full year guidance accordingly. We’ll face these challenges head-on. Before I turn to the segment detail, I want to highlight what differentiates IDEX in times like these. I want to take a moment to talk about our core strengths that have consistently allowed us to deliver strong earnings and cash flow performance, regardless of the external environment. It’s our objective to deliver consistent, double-digit annual earnings growth through the cycle with strong cash flow, while returning capital to shareholders in a disciplined manner. To deliver on our objectives, we rely on three core strengths. First, we have outstanding defensible businesses. Our strategy is to be the leader in an attractive, highly engineered niche markets where we can differentiate. Within the IDEX, 80% of our businesses have underlying markets to grow well above global GDP. It’s our goal to consistently deliver 5% to 7% annual organic growth through the business cycle. It’s also here that our diversity across markets, products and geographies is a major strength. We have businesses with over century of history. We thrive because we take care of our customers. We do this through terrific product quality and innovation, applications excellence and best-in-class service. Year in and year out, we’re rewarded with loyalty and [shareholder] gains from customers across our platforms and around the world. Our second key strength is execution, from product quality and lead-times to margin expansion and outstanding cash conversion. We win for our customers and our shareholders through disciplined tough-minded execution. Finally, our cash flow dynamics and balance sheet put us in a great position. Over the next three years, we have the ability to put in excess of $1 billion to work. It is our intent to allocate capital to maximize total shareholder return. Acquisitions have been a key part of our capital strategy and they will remain important. We will be disciplined. Our current M&A funnel is solid. We have a focus on small and medium-size businesses that fit our core strategy and we are well-aligned with the existing platforms. We’ve built our six-strategic platforms to be prepared to integrate deals and improve returns. Just last Friday, we announced the acquisition of Matcon, which will be part of our Material Process Technology platform. Matcon provides IDEX with a more expansive part of processing offering, while leveraging our respective channel strengths. We are very pleased to bring this strategically critical company and their tremendous leadership team into IDEX. In the first half of the year, we deployed approximately $80 million on M&A. We are in various stages of diligence on a number of deals and we expect to announce additional transactions by year end. Along with M&A, we will continue to have an attractive dividend payout and we will supplement our capital strategy with more consistent and strategic share repurchases. In the first half of 2012, we bought back nearly 1 million IDEX shares. We see the buybacks is extremely attractive means to deploy capital at the current levels and we have nearly $90 million left on our current repurchase plan. Before turning to the segment detail, I want to talk about our Optics and Photonics platform, and more specifically CVI. As we mentioned previously when talking about CVI, the business has exposure to defense, electronics and life science, and each of these have been softer than anticipated. As a result, we’re behind our initial objectives and we have a lower profit profile at CVI as it exit 2012 than we anticipated. Needless to say, CVI had a dilutive impact on our consolidated financial performance. Despite the current challenges, we like this space and the profitable growth potential. It is a market with superior long-term growth rates, very good profit and cash flow dynamics, differentiated technology and fragmented landscape. This business has a very good underlying potential for IDEX. The CVI back on track, we are reducing structural costs through manufacturing footprint and complexity reduction. And we are investing in core product development and core customers. These actions will solidify the foundation for growth and will provide outstanding margin contribution on incremental sales. We’re working through a tough patch in optics, but we like this business and the broader market segment. And we have excellent leadership in place to execute the strategy and support future growth. Now, I’ll turn to the quarterly details. We’ll walk through what’s going well and what needs improvement. I’ll lay out our revised guidance that we do every quarter and we’ll open it up for Q&A. With that, let’s turn to the quarterly results. I’m now on page six everyone. As I mentioned in my opening, we delivered Q2 record for orders, sales and cash flow. Sales were up 9% in total, up 6% organically. All of our segments delivered organic growth. FX was a significant headwind in the quarter, nearly 3%. Our second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.67, that’s up 8% year-over-year. We incurred approximately $2.6 million of restructuring costs in the quarter as we executed our previously announced actions and prepare for slower growth environment. We fell $0.03 per share in the quarter from foreign currency translation and acquisition-related charges. As we signaled last quarter, further restructuring actions will take place in 2012. But as always we’ll continue to invest in our global expansion and product development. We’re dealing with the realities of today’s environment, while having an eye on accelerating sustainable organic growth. Turning to margins in the quarter, adjusted operating margin of 18.5% was up 30 basis points from prior year. Productivity and operating leverage on the organic growth drove the increase. It was partially offset by CVI’s dilutive margin impact. You’ll see as we go through the segment detail, tremendous execution despite the economic uncertainty. Finally, free cash flow was $71 million, up 54% to the prior year. This is a very good story and I’m proud of the teams focused on cash conversion and working capital management. It’s a testament to the team’s ability to deliver results. Our people know how to get it done and we will deliver strong earnings and cash flow growth even in a low single-digit global GDP environment. With that, let’s turn to the segment detail. I’ll begin with a segment walk on Fluid & Metering and I’m on page seven. For the quarter, orders were down 2% organically. The softness is primarily attributed to slowdown in Europe and China infrastructure spending. Our Ag business is experiencing tremendous demand. The second quarter growth was up mid-teens and the second half will also grow nicely year-over-year. But just remember that this is a pretty seasonal business. Our Energy outlook remains positive. We see strength in North America, the Middle East, Africa, Asia and Russia, slightly offset by softness in Western Europe. Our Chemical Industrial businesses are performing well. They are delivering operating profit expansion to productivity and creating differentiation through reduced lead-times. The team has also done an excellent job, identifying emerging market opportunities to offset the declines in Europe and the slowdown in China. Finally, in our water platform, we’re seeing the news headlines play out. Europe and China are slowing. But I’m cautiously optimistic about the prospects for the U.S. market. We have seen some early signs of improvement. Across the globe, in water, capital expenses are being replaced with operating expenses as mini budgets are tight where project work has been delayed for too long. Overall, FMT sales increased 3% organically for the quarter. Operating margin of 22.1% was up 220 basis points from prior year. The team’s dedication to OpEx and commercial excellence is paying off. The FMT team did a great job navigating the tough economic uncertainty and delivering outstanding profitability. I’m on Health & Science on page eight. Orders were up 26% for the quarter, up 7% organically. Sales increased 21%, up 3% on an organic basis. Shortly after our Q1 earnings call, we completed the acquisition of ERC, a degassing instrumentation manufacturer located in Japan. And I’m pleased to announce the integration of ERC into our scientific fluidic platform and it’s well underway. The remainder of the scientific fluidic platform has delivered modest growth in line with our expectations. They continue to perform well relative to their respective end markets through share and content gains, as well as geographic expansion. Our Material Process Technology platform is seeing solid demand for food and pharma processing equipment, particularly in Asia. As I mentioned earlier, we closed on the Matcon acquisition last week. Precision Polymer Engineering, our high-performance seals and gasket business is performing extremely well, particularly as they penetrate further into oil and gas applications. This will provide a broader segment and geographic reach going forward. Outside of the selected end market challenges in our Optics and Photonics, the remaining HST businesses are generally in line with our expectations, with the strength in North America offset by a softer Europe. Operating margin of 16.6% is a 470 basis point decrease compared with the second quarter 2011, which is primarily due to the dilutive impact from acquisitions. As you recall, this is the same magnitude of impact we experienced in Q1. When excluding acquisitions and acquisition-related charges, operating margin would have increased modestly compared to prior year. Finally, on Fire & Safety/Diversified, I’m on page nine. The segment continues to perform. Orders were up 3% organically. Sales increased 10%, up 15% organically. This was driven by growth across the entire segment with particular strength in dispensing. The North America and U.K. fire markets appear to have leveled out and we continue to have success internationally and through product adjacencies in North America. The rescue business remains strong, but we’re keeping an eye on military spend in North America and in China. Our banding and clamping business expanded, continues to do a very nice job on covering growth opportunities and nearly delivering solid mid single-digit growth by continuing to win in vertical market such as oil and gas, even as they see softness from international markets. In Dispensing, they had an exceptional quarter and they began shipping their large first quarter replenishment order. These shipments will continue into 2013. Outside of last quarter’s large order, we’re starting to see some encouraging signs for our North American Dispensing market which will be partially offset by a softer Europe. Operating margin of 23.4% was down 210 basis points from second quarter of last year, but this is attributed to the gain on sale of property recorded in the second quarter of 2011. Excluding this gain, operating margins were up 50 basis points for the segment due to productivity and prior structural actions. Mix in the quarter, somewhat high, it’s a very good story for HST. All of the individual businesses within the segment delivered margin expansion year-over-year. As we look forward, we expect the margins to continue to expand, particularly when the cost savings related to the fire suppression, footprint consolidation began in 2013. All right. Turning to page 10. I’ll take a few minutes to bridge our current year 2012 EPS guidance to our previous guidance. Our prior year guidance of $2.80 to $2.85 did not anticipate the rate of deceleration we experienced in Europe and a lesser extent China, as well as softness experienced in our select optics end markets. As you can see, the significant items impacting our second quarter earnings will continue for the remainder of the year. First is our second quarter mess. The remaining bridging items represent changes to the second half. Given the geographic order patterns experienced in the second quarter, we anticipate a slower growth in the back half, which will result in approximately mid single-digit organic growth for the entire year. Next, certain end markets, particularly impacting CVI have slowed. This change in our outlook has a $0.04 EPS impact. Finally, foreign currency will impact earnings in the second half by $0.03 compared to prior guidance. As I mentioned before, ERC was acquired in the second quarter. This transaction provides a small benefit in the second half of the year. These changes bridge you from our prior guidance of $2.80 to $2.85 to a revised range of $2.65 to $2.70. I’m now on slide 11 and this is our detailed guidance page. We expect Q3 EPS to be in the $0.62 to $0.64 range. Q3 organic revenue growth will be approximately 3%. FX will have a negative year-over-year impact on Q3 sales of approximately 3%. For the full year, we now anticipate organic growth will be in mid-single digits and acquired revenue will add approximately 4% with a negative FX impact of approximately 2%. This will deliver EPS in the range of $2.65 to $2.70. Adjusted full year operating margin for the company will be approximately 18.5% and we will continue to flow through profit on an organic revenue growth between 30% and 35%. A few other modeling items. The 2012 tax rate will be about 30%. CapEx about $40 million, and we have consistently demonstrated our ability to convert cash well in excess of net income. We’ll continue to repurchase shares as part of our capital deployment in line with the second quarter activity. And again, our earnings projections exclude any future restructuring and any future acquisitions and any related charges. With that, I’d like to open it up to all of your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Can I just start on the guidance update? It seems fairly heavily skewed towards the fourth quarter rather than third quarter with 10 or 12% sequential growth in earnings from the third quarter to fourth quarter. Can you talk about what gives you confidence that you’re going to see a rebound in the fourth quarter from the third quarter levels?
Heath Mitts: Hey, Nathan. This is Heath. Part of this is just the seasonality. If you look at it on a sequential basis, Q3 is always the lowest quarter during the year and there’s certain businesses that have a natural ramp-up, specifically in our rescue tools and in our Ag business that see a much softer Q3 is ahead of stocking.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So then, I guess, just on CVI, can you talk about what actions you’ve taken to right size the cost structure there in front of softer demand? What’s planned, what kind of cost savings you think you can get out of it and those kinds of things? 
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. No problem, Nathan. This is Andy. Well, first and foremost, we have reduced the overall headcount in the business by a magnitude of plus 20%. So we’ve been pretty aggressive there. We have a fully consolidated one facility and partially consolidated a couple of other facilities already in the past year. As we look forward, we have rationalization happening at two major manufacturing facilities as we go forward. And we’re going to continue to invest in product development and around a number of core customers. So we’ve been pretty aggressive already. The thing to remember here, this is a very high contribution margin business. And so, as you struggle with topline, it’s tough to catch frankly. Let’s be honest about that. But on the upside, it’s a business that drives very, very strong incremental profitability.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: So in terms of the 20% headcount reduction, can you kind of give us an idea of what the change from 2Q to 3Q, specifically would be on the reduced headcount?
Andy Silvernail: On the total numbers? Not specific in there. This is something that’s been ongoing and it’s been part of our execution plan, frankly. We have ramped it up as we saw some slippage in the topline from Q1 to Q2. But it’s -- to get into that level of detail we would probably not be constructive.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Is there an opportunity to make the cost structure kind of less fixed and more variable at CVI or is it -- there is something structurally within that business that just requires a high level of fixed cost?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. There are a handful of actions that you can do in terms of outsourcing of some less value-added product and we’re in the process of doing that. But recognize that a lot of that business is involved in the areas of coding and coders are fixed costs structure and it’s exceptionally inefficient to outsource that in terms of quality and productivity. And it’s a business that because of that as you see incremental revenue growth, it really is an outstanding profit generator and cash generator, but we’re -- candidly, we’re facing on the downside some of that pain.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc: Hi. Good morning. This is actually Joe Radigan on for Matt.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Joe.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc: Hey, Andy. Can you give a little more granularity on the 6% organic growth rate in the quarter? What was the growth rate in the U.S., geographically U.S., Europe, China and the other emerging market?
Andy Silvernail: So the U.S. was very strong, Joe. And across the Board, we -- basically in every business that we have, the U.S. continued to be strong. Certainly, the underlying markets were strong and we had some great success in terms of overall product introductions and taking share. As you look across the international landscape, it really kind of flipped on its head compared to what’s happened in the last three or four years where in the last three or four year, international growth was above U.S. and now the U.S. growth is considerably above the rest of the international landscape. Very specifically as you kind of parse that out, what you will see is you’ll see China continues to grow, although we did see a meaningful slowdown and Europe contracted. Europe, I think is a tough story kind of across the spectrum and we expect it to continue that way, and we are operating with that expectation. And while, the second quarter was tough from a China perspective, we expect that to have some rebound as we go forward.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc: Okay. And then how much of the restructuring in CVI in Europe? Have you run into difficulties there with workers’ councils or other issues that have impeded your progress in getting that or is this -- is it mostly just slower top-line?
Andy Silvernail: We are relatively fortunate based on where things are located in Europe, that we have more flexibility. We don’t have a lot of our cost structure in Europe in the most difficult places to do business. We have them in places that are little bit easier. So we have some flexibility. To the -- so we are able to get after that. At the same time, kind of regardless of where you are in Europe, it is slower than if you are in the U.S.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc: All right. Okay. And then maybe last question. Book-to-bill in HST has been below one for a while now. Do you think you can get positive organic growth there in the second half?
Andy Silvernail: I think you got to kind of parse it. I’m going to separate CVI for a second, talk about the other pieces. And our expectation is that, we will start to see improving overall book-to-bill across those businesses. From a CVI perspective, we are being cautious. We’re looking at it from the perspective of our -- the need to take down that fixed cost structure and not count on a major rebound. But minus that piece of the business, I think we’re going to start to see some improving comps going forward. Although, I don’t think it’s going to be dramatic, Joe, don’t get me wrong. I don’t think we see a major rebound in the second half.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc: Okay. Great. Thanks, Andy. I appreciate it.
Andy Silvernail: Bet you, Joe. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Robert W. Baird.
Mike Halloran – Robert W. Baird: Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Mike.
Mike Halloran – Robert W. Baird: So when we look at those HST margins and specifically some of the restructuring activity and things like that you are pushing through here. Feels like guidance is assuming relatively comparable plus or minus HST margins as you move into the third quarter. But are you guys expecting to get some sort of improvement in that piece, in other words mitigate some of the headwinds as you have on the CVIs as you move to the fourth quarter? And maybe you could talk through what a realistic run rate can look like once you get some of these restructuring things push through at the current volume levels there?
Heath Mitts: Mike. This is Heath. With the restructuring actions that are in play right now and the things that we have ready announced internally and so forth. I’d expect that we would exit the year somewhere in the mid-18s for the segment. That’s down probably 50 basis points from what I’d have said 90 days ago. And just given some of the topline pressures that we’re not expecting, we’re planning for no major recovery in the market. So with restructuring actions and I mean quite obviously there were some one-time charges in the Q2 numbers associated with some step-up costs and so forth with the ERC and the PPC acquisitions that go away that I would expect it to be in the mid-18s as we exit the year.
Mike Halloran – Robert W. Baird: That’s very helpful. And then on the United States side, you guys talked about very strong 2Q trends, any signs of slowing anywhere? I know you guys mentioned that the muni side seemed to be picking up a little bit, early signs that it is picking up. Any other areas where you are seeing any sort of different change in the environment? Any sort of inflection point one way or another?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. The answer to that is no, but I will say we’re -- while we’re happy with the growth that we’re seeing Mike in the U.S., I think we’re all cautious. And I think we should be cautious. We’re looking very, very closely at daily book and turn business. And what will not happen is we will not be caught with our pants down, so to speak, if we see a slowing. So right now it’s pretty consistent. At the same time, that kind of major catalyst for growth that may come from our government kind of getting out of its own way. We don’t expect to see that. There have been some very, very recent positive signs on the housing front, which would certainly help the number of our businesses. But at the same time, we really feel like we got to control our own destiny here. And we’ve got to work within what we think is going to be a more muted environment and make sure we can deliver very strong earnings and very strong cash flow regardless of that.
Mike Halloran – Robert W. Baird: And then last one from me. When you think about the commentary from some of your larger life sciences oriented customer base, what kind of things are they saying from an environment standpoint, from an outlook standpoint? And have they grown any more positive or any more negative in the most recent quarter here?
Andy Silvernail: As always we won’t talk about any specifics. We never do that with any specific customer. But what I would say is that what we saw in the outlook that we had 90 days ago is pretty consistent. You see bits and pieces that are getting better but also realize that you’re coming off of some weaker comps here in the back half of last year. I really do believe that we’re going to have to get into the end of this year, first of next year with some of the -- frankly the political decisions and the political pressures specifically the fiscal cliff to get some resolution and to get comfort in larger swaths of that market.
Mike Halloran – Robert W. Baird: Good stuff. Thanks for the time guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you very much, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo: Guys, good morning.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Allison.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo: On the FMT side, could you remind us again what percent of revenue in that segment is Europe and China focused?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. It’s about a third for FMT and about a third across the business. It is pretty consistent plus or minus a few points, Allison.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo: Okay. And then FMT, can you discuss the order of trends in the quarter? Were they pretty stable? I mean, did we notice any, I guess, big deceleration as we move through the quarter? Can you just talk about that a little bit?
Andy Silvernail: No. It was pretty -- what I will say is, it was pretty level after -- it was a few weeks into the quarter that kind of across the board we saw some of the softness. Obviously, we had our earnings release I think in the second or third week and we saw it pretty soon thereafter. And that was pretty consistent with really Europe being the big culprit and China decelerating. And then if we look across the businesses, as we mentioned, most of the businesses are still holding up pretty well, especially with U.S. exposure. Water, globally is struggling I think more than expected. And the U.S. has a few little signs that are encouraging, although I wouldn’t blow that out of proportion. 
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. And then just last question, your focus on the acquisition environments in really small-to-medium business. Can you take about the environment in terms of how some of these smaller medium-sized businesses become, I guess, more favorable, wanting to come to the table? Any thoughts there?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. I really do think it’s a bifurcated market right now and we’ve seen it for quite some time. And what I mean by that is the small-to-medium size stuff that is I will call it that really fits, really closely to the existing platforms, almost tuck-in type acquisitions. Those things are more prominent I think in the marketplace generally. But also, you know, recognize that most of the stuff that we’re talking about, we have been cultivating for a very, very long time and they had to live through a couple of pretty tough cycles going back to kind of ‘07. So that is more favorable. The larger deal size, I still think it is less favorable, basically because of pricing. And there just aren’t a lot of things out there that are kind of core to us that are big that I think are going to have any kind of a favorable pricing.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: You bet. Thanks Alison, take care.
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies.
Scott Graham – Jefferies: Hi. Good morning, almost afternoon, I guess.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Scott.
Scott Graham – Jefferies: So on the cost cutting, really two questions, the first one being the cost cutting. You have heard me ask this question a couple of times now Andy with the company a little bit bigger. Are we moving into a period where it’s appropriate to look at cost cutting maybe with -- at a little higher level? Forever, it’s been 20 million to 25 million. You seem to be much more aggressive on the cost side than your predecessor. And I’m just wondering if that’s a number that we could maybe think about as a new target, maybe in the $30 million range or whatever number it is that you are thinking of, if it’s higher?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. I think, Scott, 20 million to 25 million is a pretty good number. And the reason I say that, Scott, is that a lot of the benefits, I’ll call them the easy benefits, right. When we were a little bit smaller, we plucked a lot of that low hanging fruit so to speak. So, I think that 20 million to 25 million is still a pretty good number from that perspective. I will say however, that overall, driving net productivity, right. And I mean productivity more than just manufacturing. So productivity throughout the entire value stream, as you look at fixed costs including SG&A, as you look at fixed costs in, kind of, non-direct labor, non-material, we can take a sharper eye to that. And that’s been a big piece of our focus here in the last year is recognizing that although we’re a very profitable company and we have great defensibility in our businesses, we need to be very tough-minded about overall execution and our ability to drive net productivity year-over-year.
Heath Mitts: Scott, this is Heath. Just to clarify, when we’ve talked about the 20 million to 25 million in the past which is a number that still resonates, that excludes a lot of the major restructuring programs that we’re talking about in conjunction with the CVI integration, in conjunction with some of the things we’re doing in the fire suppression front, in terms of collapsing a couple of facilities into one and some selective pieces otherwise. That 20 million to 25 million really represents the sourcing savings and then what we term internally the OpEx savings side of things. So, I don’t want to -- if you added up the restructuring piece with what I would call kind of the ongoing sourcing in OpEx savings, it would be a larger number.
Scott Graham – Jefferies: Okay. The second question relates to the acquisitions that -- there was a comment, I think you made, Andy about -- your focus is on the small and mid-sized acquisitions. And then I think shortly after that you talked about how company is ready to deploy in $1 billion over the next three years. Can you kind of maybe connect those dots for me because small to midsized is not going to get us to $1 billion?
Andy Silvernail: Sure. That’s a fair statement. I think the first thing, Scott, is that statement was directed at -- we are going to be balanced in our overall capital deployment. Right? We’re going to deploy capital to drive total shareholder return. Acquisitions are clearly the first thing that comes into that strategy and are going to be very important. I think you are right, we are not going to deploy $1 billion in $20 million acquisition, that’s absolutely not going to happen. But as you think about what I consider small to midsize, I am calling $20 million to $100 million, maybe $125 million plus or minus, that’s what I would include in that basket. And so, I think what’s very important here is that we have a great balance sheet. We have plenty of available capital. We have terrific cash flow. We are -- the platform strategy and organization that we put in place, allows us to do more acquisitions with less risk, because we’re able to be balanced across the platform. You saw that with the ERC going into scientific fluidics and then Matcon going into Material Process Technology. So I do think we increase our overall financial capacity. We increase our organizational capacity. And we’re going to deploy capital to drive overall shareholder returns.
Scott Graham – Jefferies: Okay. Thanks that’s all I had.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Hey. Good morning guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Charlie.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Just on the commentary about the water market, water -- wastewater market. I guess, my perception had been from you guys that international had actually being doing particularly out of the U.K. being doing a lot better than North America. It seems like that’s obviously slipped right now. But I guess, what’s -- can you give a little more granularity on really where you are seeing or what gives you optimism that the U.S. market is actually doing a little bit better than maybe you thought it was three, six month ago?
Andy Silvernail: A couple of things, the coat activity has picked up meaningfully. I was actually just doing operating reviews last week with a number of our water businesses around the country and we’re seeing the coat activity improve. I am not going to say that the order activity is substantially improving, but with the coat activity is improving. And if you look at our water service business ADS, a couple of interesting trends there. Number one, that the coat activity has meaningfully improved. Their order book has gotten better, especially when you’re looking at things with long-term point of view. Meaning, what you are seeing happening as you are seeing what was historically capital projects turning into operating expenses, which means that I think what we’re seeing here is municipality still don’t have the big money to go out and raise a lot of cash through muni bonds, but at the same time they have to implement some of the structural changes to their systems. And so they are re-diverting some cash from capital to operating. So they get those things done. So we’re seeing that a meaningful change in the timeframe of some of these projects. But some of the coats that are coming through and some of the dollars that are being quoted are -- they are definitely different than we saw three, six, nine months ago. So, but I’m being very cautious. I -- we’ve said this before and I will say it again. This is driven by tax receipts. And so there are some pieces of news that we’re seeing about improvements around housing front which really drives the tax received at the community level. But let’s just say I’m cautiously optimistic. I don’t want to get too far upfront on this.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. And just on the European market, particularly with Germany which is your largest, I guess…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: ….International market there a lot of that gets re-exported out of Germany. Can you just speak to kind of that market specifically? Has Germany -- is Germany kind of still holding up because historically, its kind of holding up may be a little bit better than rest of Europe, but is that still the case or is that kind of turn down relative to what was 90 days ago?
Andy Silvernail: So, just to put in perspective Europe as a total, so how we’re ringing the cash registered in Europe is to about 26% of our overall business. A lot of that ends up in non-European markets. So, it’s not all directly in Europe. About 10 points is Germany with the same characteristics that I just mentioned, probably more so from an export basis. I was over in Europe just a month or so ago for the [ACME] show, which kind of -- is our biggest show on the FMT side and actually HST to some degree also in Europe. And you continue to see real dichotomy, right. The folks who are European, excuse me, the folks who are German and so predominately in German are exporting outside of Continental Europe are still pretty happy and the folks who are anything but that are struggling. And that’s the way characterize it. That being said, Germany is slower than we saw in the first quarter and we expect that to be the case as we look forward.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: You bet Charley. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wherley with Janney Capital Markets.
Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets: Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Mike.
Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets: I was just wondering on the chemical business, I want to dig in a little bit to that strength that you’re seeing. Is there any of that from increasing investment do you think, because of the price of natural gas is where it is or is it all just other benefits?
Andy Silvernail: Not yet, Mike. We’ve gotten that question a lot. The infrastructure spending around the price of natural gas and I think the major U.S. infrastructure build out and then eventually I think the global build out. Because remember, what’s been found in the U.S. from a shale perspective, there are equal or much larger repositories other places of the world. So the phenomenon that we have started to see in the U.S. is going to scale very aggressively internationally around that. So that being said, the infrastructure will build out around that, its very, very long cycle. It takes a long time. It’s very political. You’ve seen just with the Keystone pipeline and that’s a lay up and it taking I don’t know how many years. So we haven’t seen that yet, Mike. But we expect to see that over time.
Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets: So, where is the real strength coming from mechanical side of it right now?
Andy Silvernail: The U.S. piece has stayed strong. Although, China is weaker. The rest of the emerging markets is very, very good. The Middle East is very good. So that’s where we are kind of seeing it. So the weakness in Western Europe and the slowdown in China, the rest of the world is pretty solid.
Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And then I was wondering on the CVI, is it possible to give us a pro forma sales decline that the company had in the quarter?
Andy Silvernail: We don’t actually break out that level of detail…
Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets: Okay.
Andy Silvernail: In there, we just -- that’s not something we’ve historically done and that said that would be a bad precedent to set. At the same time, we did see slowdown from Q1 to Q2. It wasn’t massive, but it was a slowdown. And we’re kind of expecting similar type of performance as we look at Q3 with some modest seasonal improvement as we look at Q4.
Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And then the last question I have was just on the M&A pipeline. Is it still skewed more towards HST then after these three deals this year or might there be a shift towards FMT?
Andy Silvernail: There is actually more in the FMT pipeline right now. Not meaningfully, but there is more and there is more further down that FMT pipeline right now. But over time, I’ve said this before and we will really keep position unless something strategically really changes. We like the balance. We like the balance an awful lot. And as we work the pipeline and cultivate it, we’re going to try to keep the balance.
Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Giannakouros with Oppenheimer.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer: Good morning, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Jim.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer: Tacking onto that last question, as far as your acquisition pipeline, is there geographic concentration worth noting?
Andy Silvernail: Not really. I would say if there’s anything to really note is just kind of frankly funny to see the private equity stuff that is coming out really aggressively, at least, in the last couple of months, which you always got to be a little bit cautious about that. Things with more European content, I think some people try to rush out the door, those things don’t happen short cycles. So we’re seeing -- we’re still seeing some pretty good overall balance. Obviously, anything with a lot of European content we’re looking at really critically, right just because what is going on in the world right now. At the same time, I think it’s important to say, Jim, that if you went back and you looked at ‘07, ‘08, ‘09, there are number of European properties, they got transacted on very attractive properties, that some people shied away from, and right now have turned into huge winners. So, we got to be critical about it, but at the same time, we shouldn’t walk away just because something has European content.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer: Got it. And are you seeing material cost benefiting your gross margins? How should we be thinking about gross margin trend in the second half? Is that a point of support to your EPS expectations for the year?
Andy Silvernail: Minimally. Heath.
Heath Mitts: It’s a little bit of help where we have the surcharges that are index based. But you got to remember right, those good calculated periodically, generally, quarterly or so. And they have to roll through inventory in terms of before you see in the P&L. So, I think to the extent the trend continues. We’ll see more meaningful in terms of our EPS and so forth in 2013 than we probably see in the back half of the year. But it’s certainly trending in our favor, which we like. But I wouldn’t want to call it out as a major tailwind.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer: Got it. And just to go back to HST margins down 470 bps. Can you get a little more granular as far as breaking down the moving parts there? How much was attributable to the CVI amortization or incremental cost relative to ERC and Precision Photonics mix issues. And I guess the partially offsetting benefits from the belt-tightening…
Andy Silvernail: I am going to hold, Jim, I’m going to hold to -- obviously, we have the data but just as a precedent. I’m going to hold to what we put into the earnings release, which is if you exclude the impact of margins operating -- I’m sorry, if you exclude the impact of acquisitions, the operating margins would have been up about 40 basis points versus down 470. I would tell you that the lion share of that is the optics piece of things, the CVI piece. And within that obviously, a chunk of that is driven by intangible amortization within that piece. But then you also have some step-up costs and other things related to ERC that were included in there. So, these are normal course of business, we didn’t adjust for the numbers in that so.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks. And last question, the organic sales growth in FSD, 15%. Can you -- I guess, get a little granular there as to how much was driven by the dispensing order and how much by shrink in rescue tools or other measurable drivers there?
Andy Silvernail: I would say, obviously, dispensing had a piece of it, because it was coming off of a difficult comp period from the prior year. Rescue tools also performed well. But even within that fire suppression, the fire piece was mid-single digit growth and Band-It did well. So it wasn’t all one piece of it.
Heath Mitts: And the teams across that segment, they delivered organic growth, organic order improvement and expansion of margins at every single business, right. They mix those that was off of a little bit but the team there, we’re very, very proud of the work that they’ve done. They took a lot of tough medicine last year. If you recall back this time last year, we were talking about some of that medicine and it’s paid off.
Jim Giannakouros – Oppenheimer: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning again, guys. Just following on to Mike’s question on the CVI, it sounded to me like you said CVI was down in the second quarter but should be flat in the third quarter and up in the fourth quarter. With the other businesses still doing better than CVI, is it fair to assume that you are looking for sequential revenue growth in HST from 2Q to 3Q and then again in 4Q?
Heath Mitts: Well, I think, Andy’s, comments were related to sequential not so much year-over-year.
Andy Silvernail: Right. Right.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: I am looking at sequential. I am looking at sequential. So, going from 170.6, 3Q should be higher than that and 4Q should be higher than 3Q.
Heath Mitts: Yeah.
Andy Silvernail: Go ahead.
Heath Mitts: No. I am sorry. It’s essentially kind of flat Q2, 3Q. There is -- you’ve got a couple of pieces there right, got the CVI piece which is kind of plus or minus 2Q, 3Q and then some balance across the overall business in terms of mix and seasonality. So -- but generally, you are looking at essentially flat revenue Q2, 3Q.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. I don’t know whether you’re going to want to answer this. But I’m just trying to kind of think about the impact on margins from step up charges related to acquisitions. Is it impossible to quantify that, that goes away in 3Q?
Heath Mitts: Within the segments about $1 million.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Heath Mitts: I mean, there are always moving parts.
Andy Silvernail: But you’ve also got Matcon coming in.
Heath Mitts: And you got Matcon coming in. They will have a little bit of step-up related to Matcon in the third quarter. And we had some inventory charges in the segment in the quarter as well. So there are always moving parts in any given quarter. But there is enough that we have some confidence in our improving margin condition there regardless of any topline support.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks. And thanks very much.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walt Liptak with Barrington Research.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Walt.
Walt Liptak – Barrington Research: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask about the organic growth assumption and better than the guidance, especially for the FMT business. You have 3% organic growth in the quarter. What are you looking for in the second half?
Andy Silvernail: I think the second half it looks a lot like the second quarter for that segment.
Walt Liptak – Barrington Research: Okay. And what about Europe? I don’t know. I got on the call late. Could you break out what organic was like in Europe?
Heath Mitts: No. What we said was that U.S. piece grew very nicely and the international piece was much slower. It was not negative growth international but it was much, much slower.
Andy Silvernail: And Europe on the tail end of that.
Walt Liptak – Barrington Research: Okay.
Andy Silvernail: And that’s more a companywide comment, Walt, but that would apply for FMT specifically as well.
Walt Liptak – Barrington Research: Okay. And in the second half, what are you thinking about for Europe, specifically FMT?
Andy Silvernail: Well, very similar. We’re not expecting any recovery out of Europe in our guidance.
Walt Liptak – Barrington Research: Okay. Is it -- okay I’ll leave it at that? And let me take a chance and ask this one. Recently done number of acquisitions that get rolled into HST division, I understand that the mix is in the pipeline is shifting a little bit. But how would you characterize, I guess, the timing of the deals and I guess your appetite for more of these Health & Science acquisitions, given the way the organic revenue growth has been trending?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. I think you’ve got to, kind of, split that in that as you look at optics in Photonics. We’re not going to put more work on that team until we’re comfortable that we’re where we want to be on CVI. And so from that perspective, we have throttled that back and will throttle that back. The only way we would do want is if something that is very strategically important to us. We’re there and we would probably set that to the side for a short period of time. On the other side of it, Walt, as you look at the pipeline, there is a good pipeline within the other parts of the platform. If I look at ceiling, as I look at Material Process Technology and to some degree scientific fluidics, that I think are attractive and we will continue to work. And I don’t think we should shy away from those.
Walt Liptak – Barrington Research: Okay. And the organic growth? I think you referred to a comment saying that government spending needs to come back or you were referring to something. I wanted to get a…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Walt Liptak – Barrington Research: … better -- more clarity on what you think needs to happen for the organic growth to turn a little bit more positive?
Andy Silvernail: Well, if we really had a slower organic growth environment here now for about a year. When I look at very specifically, the analytical instruments in the life science market, that is not the case as you look at about 50% of the rest of that portfolio. That still has very good growth potential. And frankly, when you think of this from a strategic perspective, those markets -- we believe very strongly, those markets are going to outperform global GDP. And so, while we may not buying -- may not making acquisitions because it is going to have 10% organic growth next year, we certainly will continue to do acquisitions in HST because we believe the segment that we play in -- we believe strongly that the segments that we play in have superior growth capabilities.
Walt Liptak – Barrington Research: Okay. Great. Thanks for the clarity.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Walt.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) At this time, there are no further questions.
Andy Silvernail: All right. Well, thank you all very much for joining us today. We appreciate the interest that you have in the business, the ongoing interest you have in the business. We fully understand the challenges that are in the marketplace today. At the same time, we have got a set of very, very strong businesses that are executing and have the ability to drive very consistent high performance. And we’re very focused on execution. So we’re going to work with the realities of the environment in front of us. And our job is to really drive superior returns. So again, thank you for your time and we appreciate it and we’ll talk to you guys very soon. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Michael J. Yates – VP and Chief Accounting Officer Andrew K. Silvernail – Chairman and CEO Heath A. Mitts – VP and CFO
Analysts: James Lucas - Janney Capital Markets Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company Joe Radigan – KeyBanc Capital Markets Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. John Moore – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IDEX Corporation Q1 2012 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President of Corporate Accounting, you may begin your conference. 
Michael J. Yates : Thank you, Sarah. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX first quarter 2012 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our Company's financial and operating performance for the three month period ending March 31, 2012. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our Company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO and Heath Mitts, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with a summary of the first quarter 2012, followed by a walk-through of our three business segments. And finally, we will wrap up with our outlook for 2012. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 855-859-2056 and entering conference ID 40915423 or you simply may log onto our Company's homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our Chairman, Andy Silvernail. Andy?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks Mike. Good morning everybody. I want to thank you for taking the time today to participate in the call. We appreciate the interest that you all have in IDEX. Let’s get started. As Mike mentioned, I’m going to walk-through the quarter and segment results and share my perspective on where we see the markets going and how it’s impacting our performance.  Bottom line is we had a very strong start to the year. We built significant backlog during the first quarter and our end markets and geographies are performing as we expected. These factors have positioned us very nicely for the remainder of the year, providing us confidence in our improved 2012 outlook. Additionally, the CVI integration is on track. We’ve put a lot of focus on our Optics and Photonics platform and the team has responded extremely well. While there have been some end market headwinds, I am pleased with the progress today. I’ll go into more detail on the CVI integration when I give an update on the segment later.  In the last two earnings calls, we’ve talked about our platform strategy. This strategy has continued to mature and gain traction and I’m pleased with the execution and the delivered results from our team.  With that, I want to jump into Q1 for financial performance. I’m on slide five. For the quarter, orders were up 20%, 11% organically. Sales were up 15% and that’s up 6% organically. And as you can see, we built $42 million of backlog in the quarter. I’ll detail this as we walk through the segments.  In the quarter, just over half our sales were generated outside the US. We saw broad based strength in North America. Europe was generally flat, but it was stable. The Middle East growth was driven by upstream activity in our energy platform and increasing demand in our Fluid and Metering business. Our Asian markets growth remains strong, particularly outside of China. Altogether, the external environment is playing out as we expected.  Looking at profitability, first quarter adjusted operating margin of 18.3% was up 10 basis points from the comparable quarter last year. The improved profitability is a result of leverage on the organic growth and benefits of our previously taken restructuring actions. This is partially offset by the dilutive impact of 2011 acquisitions. When excluding restructuring charges and acquisition impact, all three segments experienced year-over-year margin expansion.  Q1 EPS, adjusted per structuring charges was $0.66, up 16% versus the first quarter of 2011. We incurred approximately $5 million of restructuring costs as we continued to consolidate operations. Further restructuring actions will take place throughout the remainder of the year as we complete selective facility consolidations by year end. It’s important to note, however, that organic growth is the best return on our investment and we continue to invest aggressively in innovation and market expansion.  In Q1, we generated free cash of $52 million, up 161% from the first quarter of 2011. This is a first quarterly record for IDEX. I am very pleased with the execution and the focus on cash generation by all of the operators in the field.  Lastly, with regard to capital deployment, on April 10 we announced an 18% increase in our quarterly dividend. In the first quarter, we also repurchased approximately 239,000 shares of common stock for $10.2 million. And as you may know, two weeks ago, we announced the completed acquisition of Precision Photonics Corporation, which is effectively a product line extension for our IDEX Optics and Photonics platform. PPC provides a growing platform with specific technical capabilities that we can leverage across the business, including bonding and advanced metrology. More notably, we continue to progress in late stages of diligence on additional acquisition targets and we have a full field pipeline.  So the bottom line is that we had an outstanding quarter, both operationally and in capital deployment. So now let’s jump into the segment details. I’m on page six everybody.  In FMT, orders were up 5%. They were 6% when you exclude FX. FMTs backlog grew $14 million and it was broad based across the segment. Sales increased 7%, 8% organically. Adjusted operating margin of 22.2% was up 120 basis points from Q1 of 2011. The margin improvement is largely attributed to the benefits received from volume and from outstanding productivity.  Within CFP, we experienced continued strength in North America, Asia and Latin America. And as we’ve highlighted before, our investments in the BRIC and Middle East countries are definitely paying off. Versus last year, we’re seeing slower growth in Western Europe, but we maintain great market positions and we’re prepared to handle anything that comes out of the European economy.  Our energy platform performed well with order strength driven from both downstream and upstream domestically and internationally. And our Ag business has experienced tremendous overall growth, which is largely driven by favorable growing conditions and new product introductions.  Finally, within our water platform, the industrial side remains solid and the municipal side has stabilized. This was evidenced by sequential order growth which is a positive signal to the platform.  All right, let’s turn to page seven and we’ll discuss health and science. Total orders for the segment were up 30% for the quarter, down 2% organically. Sales were up 35% in total, up 2% organically, while operating margin of 18.3% was down 450 basis points compared to prior year. Again, that’s driven by the dilutive impact of our 2011 acquisitions and the related acquisition and tangible amortization. Importantly, within each of the HST businesses, we experienced sequential orders and sales acceleration. Our material process platform or MPP as we call it, plays largely in Pharma and Food and is performing well. The orders increased for the first quarter as their end markets remained strong and we achieved the global growth synergies we expected when we built this platform over the last 18 months.  As expected, our scientific – fluidic platform was faced with a very difficult Q1. In early 2011, we saw extremely strong order growth as customers brought a number of highly successive products to market. Further, the end market dynamics are playing out as expected. As discussed in the past few quarterly calls, end markets have slowed with global funding concerns and inventory reductions. Our view was and continues to be that Q1 and Q2 will be soft with some rebound in the back half of the year. We remain very confident in the prospects of this business overall.  To turn to our Optics and Photonics platform are consistent with what we talked about last quarter. The scientific and industrial markets and reasonably robust, but we continue to feel pressure for semiconductor and defense. Importantly, the trend seemed to have stabilized year-over-year and sequentially.  While we’re on HST, I want to take a minute and give you an update on the Optics and Photonics integration. At this point, we are halfway through our 18 month planned integration process for CVI Melles Griot. The integration remains the highest priority for the company. When you go in into the acquisition, there was heavy lifting to be done, integrating the units and creating a single platform. At this time, I am pleased to say that we’ve completed nearly all of the planned HR, finance, IT and compliance integration. And we remain on track to complete the remaining functional and platform level integrations in 2012. Further, we’ve completed one facility consolidation in Q1 and additional rationalization is in process.  We’ve been appropriately aggressive with our productivity efforts and have increased the focus as we’ve been challenged by the weaker than expected semiconductor and defense markets. Organizationally, we’ve made several changes to bolster the platform’s capability. We are fortunate to have a level of depth of talent within IDEX to support acquisitions and accelerate improved performance. Within Optics and Photonics, we have upgraded talent in sales and marketing, product development, operations and finance. We are building a platform team that can win now and put us in a position to continue to grow organically and through acquisitions.  Along with strengthening the team, we are driving increased rigor around execution. We are deep into the process of deploying our commercial and operational excellence tools on the areas we know will accelerate profitable growth. As in any acquisition, we begin the process by doing in-depth voice of the customer research to understand the critical priorities. We know from the research that in Optics and Photonics, the customers have a strong affinity for our products and our technical problem solving ability. We’ve also heard that we can differentiate and create substantial value through best in class lead times and service.  Along with the commercial and operational excellence tools, we are benefiting from the combined technical prowess of the platform. For example, we’ve transferred our Semrock developed optical monitoring system to select locations within the platform. The proprietary software and hardware packages already began to deliver impressive results. This includes lead time reductions, higher yields and much more consisting quality. Most importantly, we are harnessing the innovative technology and product development capabilities of the platform. We have outstanding technical talent and experience across the business, including from our new acquisition Precision Photonics. We’ve integrated our capabilities into what we call the office of the CTO. In 2012, this team is focused on three key optical technologies. One, high-speed pulse laser optics. Two, advanced policing in metrology and three, optic fluidic engines. And optics fluidic engine is really a terrific example of where we get leverage across the broader portion of IDEX. This technology uniquely leverages IDEX strengths by combining the best of micro-fluidics, Optics and Photonics in a engineered compact solutions that will be used in the next generation Biotech and the Diagnostic systems. We’ve got another nine months of our original integration plan to go. In that time, we’ll continue to build the team and leverage the growth and cost opportunity across the platform. There remains a lot of work to do, but we are making great progress.  To wrap it up HST, despite the orders in Q1, we still believe our full year organic growth will be in the mid-single digits for the segment and our long term prospects are very encouraging. Not only do we like the end markets, we see product innovation delivering growth in excess of our served markets.  Alright, let’s move into our final segment. I’m on page eight. We’re going to talk about Fire Safety and diversified. Total orders in the quarter were up 41%. Organically, they are up 43%. Sales increased 5% and were up 7% organically. As I highlighted in the earnings release, we received a larger replenishment order in Dispensing that will ship over the next several quarters. However, even without this order, the overall segment orders were up strong double-digit. I’m very pleased with the team’s execution in the quarter. Along with delivering on organic growth, profitability was impressive at an operating margin of 23.3%, up 190 basis points from prior year. The margin expansion is largely attributed to structural cost actions taken, volume leverage and excellent productivity.  Overall, end market demand for the segment has been very good, particularly in the emerging markets for our rescue tools which continues to be very robust. The municipal markets in the US and western Europe have stabilized and I am pleased to say that our fire suppression business has been able to demonstrate solid growth and this has offset headwinds in the US municipal fire market and they’ve done a very, very nice job in adjacent markets and geographies.  Our Band-It business, which is our clamping business and participates in very diverse end markets, has proven its ability to grow at two times or even more and the general market through product and innovation and continues execution. This remains true in the first quarter and we expect Band-It to deliver these results throughout the year.  In our Dispensing business which has always been lumpy due to programmatic order activity, we received a nice replenishment order that will ship over the next several quarters. In addition, we’ve seen the global end markets stabilize for Dispensing. As we’ve discussed in the past, we have a lot of restructuring work in the business over the last few years and our cost structure enables good margin expansion. The team has really done an outstanding job of delivering results.  All right, we’re going to close out the presentation with our guidance and our update on slide nine. We expect Q2 EPS to be in the range of $0.70 to $0.72. Q2 revenue will be mid to high single digits organically. FX will have a negative year-over-year impact on Q2 sales of approximately 2%. We’ve increased our guidance and solidified the lower end of our range. We now expect fully year 2012 EPS to be in the range of $2.80 to $2.85 with organic revenue in the mid-single digits.  Full year operating margin for the company will be approximately 19% as a result of our 30% to 35% flow-through on incremental organic volume.  Other modeling items to consider, which remain consistent with our prior guidance, the 2012 tax rate is anticipated to be about 30%. Full year CapEx should be around $40 million and as we’ve always demonstrated, we will continue to convert cash extremely well in excess of net income for the full year.  Finally, our earnings projections excludes future restructuring, future acquisitions or costs and charges associated with acquisitions.  All right, we’re going to wrap things here. Again, we’ve experienced broad based growth which provides a favorable outlook and there is only limited softness that we see out there in the world today. I’m very pleased to see our outstanding global team deploying our platform strategy in executing very well. Our proven operating model is driving organic growth while expanding margins.  Finally, we are well positioned to continue to intelligently deploy capital. Our balance sheet and cash generation are strong and our acquisition funnel is in very good shape.  Alright, that concludes my prepared remarks on an excellent quarter. And I’ll now turn it over to questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Jim Lucas with Janney Capital Markets.
Jim Lucas - Janney Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning guys. I wanted to start first on HST. If we take a look at the continued softness in the orders there with the different pieces of HST, what exactly is giving you comfort in the second half picking up and not continued inventory corrections from your customers?
Andrew K. Silvernail: There are really two things and first you’ve got to segment it out a little bit, Jim, right? The first thing is that if you look at MPT and industrial, those are solid, they are okay. And it's the micro-fluidic business that has been the gap that we've talked about is consistent with what we’ve talked about. And there are two things that give us confidence in a back half on a year-over-year basis being better than the first half. The first one is really the market’s outlook. So what they are talking about and we are very, very close to this customer base on a global basis and it really is a global customer base.  The second piece is that the comps frankly just become a lot easier when you look at the second half. The comps in the first half of this year, we are going against very strong product releases that happened last year and were really a bubble in that business. So those are really the two things that give me confidence that we see a better year-over-year comparison as we get into the second half. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Capital Markets: And in terms of the inventory corrections that you were seeing from the customers in the fourth quarter, has that dissipated?
Andrew K. Silvernail: It’s still there to some degree. There are some earnings releases that have been coming out here and there. And so we’ll see how that places itself through. It’s still a factor, Jim, but I think it was a bigger factor in the last half of last year. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And then switching gears on the FMT side where things continue to go fairly well, it looks like and even the weaker area is stabilizing. You talked about Asia being stronger outside of China. Can you give update of what you are seeing in your China market today?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah, no doubt. Well first, I think the – on the positive side, very positive side, India and Southeast Asia are really strong. We’re seeing nice activity across the board in day rate and in projects. So we’re feeling pretty good there. I think we’ve seen like everybody else has seen Jim, that the China market has slowed and we’ve got to be careful about saying softness, because softness when you’re talking about China and softness when you’re talking about Western Europe or the US are two different things. So it’s still solid growth, but you remember we were posting very, very strong year-over-year growth rates for a long time with markets that were double-digits. And that’s coming down some and we are slowing to some degree too. But it’s still very attractive. 
James Lucas - Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And then final question, with regards to the M&A pipeline, can you talk about what you’re seeing in terms of valuations as well as the size and scope of the deals that are in the pipeline today?
Andrew K. Silvernail : Yeah. Jim, most of the deals that are down in the pipeline now are kind of our sweet spot stuff. $25 million to $100 million fits exceptionally well into an existing platform. PPC is a great example and it’s a really small deal, but it solves really a pretty good size strategic need for us and it tucks right in there. So we’re seeing a lot of things like that pretty balanced between HST and FMT generally across the board. So we feel good about that. So in the sweet spot and pretty balanced generally within the pipeline. In terms of valuations, I would say that what we’re looking at are really look. They’re not nosebleeds like we saw at this time last year. At the same time it’s not bargain basement. But I would say there are deals that we feel very, very good about being able to get a really nice return on invested capital.
James Lucas - Janney Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets. 
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Andrew.: Hi Charlie
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Just talk on HST for a second. If I missed it I’m sorry, but what was the margin impact from acquisitions specific just to HST?
Andrew K. Silvernail : It was 450. Right, Heath? Margin impact of acquisitions, that’s what we get. 
Heath A. Mitts : HST was down 450 year-over-year. Most of that was attributable to the acquisitions, the results of some mix impact where we had higher MPT material sales, material process technology sales in the quarter versus some of the scientific fluidic business. So there’s a margin differential between those two. But the acquisition impact was the lion share.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Can you quantify then what I guess organically margin would have been for HST?
Heath A. Mitts : It’s almost impossible to do that now because the integrations both on the MPT side as well as on the optic side have been integrated in with the existing incumbent properties in those platforms. So it’s almost impossible because we’ve shifted costs around so much and as we’ve built out those platforms it wouldn’t be meaningful.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And can you quantify the size of that large dispensing order and was it from a domestic customer or international?
Heath A. Mitts : It’s a global customer and we’re not able to quantify it. But it’s a global customer that we do business with.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: But correct to that and I think I heard you correctly say that excluding that FFD still would have had a positive order growth in the quarter?
Heath A. Mitts : Yeah, absolutely. We had very good risk control performance especially in the emerging markets and Southeast Asia and in the Middle East. The fire business, fire suppression business actually where it’s been a bump along the bottom and we’ve talked about for several quarters, is beginning to see a little bit of upside. Not so much a big recovery in the US market, but some of the international opportunities and then Band-It has been very strong, continues to grow double digits. So we would have definitely been into the double digits.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Where are you seeing the strength in fire suppression? That’s surprising given the economic backdrop.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, I think you’ve got a couple of things, Charlie. This is Andy. The first one is that this whole municipal market took a heck of a hit coming out of the recession and unlike a lot of the rest of the world, didn’t rebound until, if you recall from our earlier calls over the last really two years, this business hasn’t seen the rebound that most of the other industries and segments have seen. And so we’re coming up pretty low bottom, number one. Number two, they’ve done a nice job in some adjacent markets and they’ve done a nice job internationally of penetrating some business that we hadn’t had before. So we’re seeing some progress there. We have not seen what I would call a rebound in the US fire truck market which is the biggest segment of this business. So this is really about the team doing a very, very good job of executing and what I’d still say is muddling around the bottom. Now that being said, we think over time as tax receipts improve and that has started to happen, this is a business that will pick up some with a much better cost structure by the way.
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies.
Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company: Hey, good morning. Can you hear me?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure Scott.
Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company: Great. So I did have two questions for you. The first one related to really the optical platform itself. Would you be able to tell us what the year-over-year organic was of the optical platform if you could kind of pro forma that somehow?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  That’s not something we’ve typically done. Go ahead.
Heath A. Mitts : I’m sorry. Scott, this is Heath. That would get into pre-ownership for most of it, with the exception of Semrock which we owned from 2008 forward. So to be honest with you, I’m not trying to be evasive, but I couldn’t even tell you what that is. That would be hard.
Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company: That’s fair.
Andrew K. Silvernail: We don’t get into financials that weren’t ours.
Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company: Okay. So would you guys agree that the reason why we’re seeing weakness from the farm and drug areas, that it’s kind of year where the product cycle is not really working with us and if so that are the indications from your customers that the product cycle will work with us next year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Scott, that’s a good insight. That’s exactly right on the first half of the question. If you would back this time last year and even the previous 18 months to that, what you saw were some outstanding organic growth driven by strong product cycles. So you hit that on the head. The product cycle now I’d say generally is not as robust as it was. It’s still pretty good though. So I wouldn’t discount it all the way. So these guys are very innovative. The business has moved globally aggressively over the last three to five years. And so I expect there to continue to be very strong innovation, very strong product development.  These are not businesses that sit down for two, three years in a row from a product innovation. So our expectation is that that pipeline is going to continue to be full and that these businesses – you just look at the external environment about – I always ask the question, you think more is tested next year than this year in terms of the overall testing that happens in the world that these analytical instruments are touchy? And that answer is absolutely yes and these are very innovative growth companies that we think will drive growth over time
Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company: Got it. My follow up question is simply, for a long period of time now we’ve had a $20 million to $25 million cost reduction target from productivity in ’12. I know you’re aligned up with that, Andy, but certainly you’ve come on board and been a little bit more aggressive with the cost structure. I’m wondering if that’s a number that you agree with. If that’s a number that maybe you think you should be doing better than because it really hasn’t been updated in the last several years and the company is bigger now. So just wondering what your thoughts were on that level of – on that target at least.
Heath A. Mitts : Yeah. The $20 million to $25 million is a number we’ve talked about for three or four years I want to say in there and you’re absolutely – you’re right, Scott. We have focused in the last two years even more on getting cost benefits that we think are out there and some low hanging fruit that we didn’t get at frankly in the ’08, the early ’10 timeframe. And so there’s more benefit to be gotten. The $20 million to $25 million is a good rule of thumb, frankly. We were internally reaching for more than that.
Scott Graham - Jefferies & Company: Thanks a lot for your time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. This is actually Joe Radigan on for Matt. In terms of the mid to high single digit organic growth guidance that you gave for the second quarter, is it safe to assume that HST is going to come in below that range and followed by a stronger back half, just given on what you’ve said?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, Joe. That’s right. I think that should definitely be the expectation. We think that HST as we said before will have a little bit softer second quarter than the other businesses and we think that FSD and FMT will be a little bit better than that.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: How much price is embedded in that five to six organic growth guidance for IDEX overall?
Andrew K. Silvernail: A point.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then on the restructuring side, can you give a little more color on either segment or geographic? Is that CVI related? Is it stuff that you had planned already or is it pull forward based on just trying to be proactive on your forward outlook?
Andrew K. Silvernail: First of all, it really has been pretty broad based. If you recall last summer when we -- actually we got into the fall when we were doing our third quarter earnings release, we talked about taking advantage of some of the softness that was out there in the summer of last year and accelerating these things. It’s pretty broad across the company and as we’ve talked about in the past, Joe, we have some more work to do on CVI in terms of integration and facility consolidation that we’re going to get done by year-end. And I think it’s important to know our goal is to have the vast, vast majority of this kind of stuff behind us, unless we have other acquisitions that will need some restructuring. But our intent is to kind of shut that window at the end of this year.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then, Andy, could you just clarify, I think you said was it – when you were commenting on FMT, was the water – Wastewater business, did you see sequential order growth in that business or was that…?
Andrew K. Silvernail: We actually did and that connects back to the fire statement that I had a second ago which says that if you look at the overall drivers in that industry, certainly in the western world, it’s driven by tax receipts and what we’ve said pretty consistently is we didn’t expect a rebound until you started seeing tax receipts go up. Tax receipts have increased modestly. I think that’s the way to say it. Modestly at the municipal level and there’s some pent up demand. But don’t get me wrong. I don’t see this thing taking off like a rocket ship in the near future, but it is a good sign.
Joe Radigan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Good morning guys. 
Andrew K. Silvernail: Hi Nathan. How are you?
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Well, thanks. How are you?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Very well. Thank you.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: So just a little bit further on the CVI acquisition. With the 450 basis point dilution in margins from CVI and correct me if my math is wrong here, I calculate CVI is doing about 5% EBIT margin and about 11% if you add back the intangibles. I’m sure this is lower than where you intended to run in the long term. Can you talk about if there’s still inventory step up charges or integration expenses or something else in there that’s holding margins down and what your target is for that longer term?
Heath A. Mitts : Nathan, this is Heath. I think your math is directionally correct. There is a couple of factors at play. One, the biggest driver for not just CVI, but some of our broader optics is a softness, a continued softness in the top line relative to softer semi-con and defense businesses that we do participate in. As you know, roughly a third of CVI does tackle into those markets. So that is the biggest driver. But from a profitability perspective, I think, like I said your numbers are directionally correct. What I would say is we would expect from a GAAP margin perspective what we said was when we bought it, we would have it up into the mid to high teens and that still is the case. Some of the restructuring actions, some of the new product development as we build out the IOP platform, we feel confident about our ability to get there from an exit rate perspective for 2012.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: And that mid to high teens is including the amortization?
Heath A. Mitts : That’s correct. Some of that is going to be dependent upon a little bit of recovery in the markets. But in terms of how we’ve laid things out now and how we have set up the cost structure in our modest growth improvement perspectives for 2012, we feel good about the exit.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. And in FMT, can you flesh out the order growth by end market in a little more detail? Maybe which markets are stronger, which markets maybe not as strong as the average for the segment?
Andrew K. Silvernail:
 :
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: And industrial?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, we don’t break it out quite like that. We talk about it by the platform. If you look at it by platform is how we think of it. To answer your question, industrial markets generally is pretty good. It’s pretty solid.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Moore with C.L. King.
John Moore – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Morning guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Hi John.
John Moore – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Just starting with dispensing. The dispensing order that you booked this quarter, has any of that begun to ship in the first quarter?
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, not yet. We’ll see that flow over the next several quarters. I think it’s a well planned process, but nothing in the first quarter.
John Moore – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then if I remember these replenishment orders, the margins on them tend to be pretty good. So I’m just curious as to what your expectations are regarding the FSD margins throughout the back half of the year. I imagine the dispensing business is going to be back up over 20% operating margin level with this order coming through. Is that right?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. You’re right. The larger orders generally have nice contribution margins. That’s true. But also recognize that it’s a relatively – even within FSD, it’s still not a giant chunk of the overall business. It’s not like 50% or 60% of the business. But it will have a nice impact on that segment. But also recognize that the profitability is materially driven by rescue and Band-It which have much higher margins. So there’s a long catch up before you get to those.
John Moore – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got you. Okay. And then just focusing on the guidance a second here, it looks like when you back out this quarter you raised your expectations for the rest of the year by maybe a penny or two and you’ve got this nice dispensing order coming through that might provide some of that benefit. Just want to get a feel – have your expectations for the second half changed at all since you gave guidance in February? Or you just don’t want to I guess make a forecast here for the second half given what’s going on like globally and in Europe? 
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, what we did here, John, is we took the bottom range up by $0.06. So we took the bottom of the range up by $0.06 and we took the top of the range up by about three and what that comes down to is given kind of how the first quarter played out, given what backlog looks like, what order trends look like, we feel real confident at the low end of that – at that range. At the same time, once you start to get into the high end of that range, there are still a lot of things that can go wrong out there in the world. And so we’re trying to be cognizant of that and make sure that we think about this business appropriately. We are one quarter into a four quarter game and we think there’s a long way to go this year and there are some pitfalls out there. We feel very good. We’re happy with how the quarter turned out. The team is doing great, but at the same time we want to make sure that we’re being prudent.
John Moore – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Fair enough. And last question on the guidance here. It looks like the impact from acquisitions for 2012 is now at 3%. I think you had guided 5% when you initially gave the 2012 guidance. Has anything changed regarding your expectations to acquisition contribution this year?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Not materially, no.
John Moore – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That’s all I got. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. With that, do you have any closing remarks?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, first of all just again thank you everybody for your attention to IDEX and your support. Bottom line, we had a really good start to the year and we’re happy about that and the platform strategy that we’ve put in place and the focus on execution I’m very pleased with. Our teams out in the field have just done an outstanding job and we’re exceptionally proud of them. And we’ve got some integration work to do and we’re tackling that head on. So we’re very happy and again thank you very much all of you for taking the time this morning. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-07 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Michael J. Yates – Vice President, CAO Andrew K. Silvernail – CEO Heath A. Mitts – CFO, VP – Corporate Finance
Analysts:  Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co. Matt Summerville – Keybanc Capital Markets Robert Barry – UBS   Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc Charles Brady – BMO Capital Markets 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kristen, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IDEX Corporation Q4 2011 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. At this time I would like to turn the call over to our host Mr. Michael Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Please go ahead. 
Michael J. Yates: Thank you, Kristen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX 2011 financial highlights.  Last night we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the 3 and 12-month periods ended December 31, 2011. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast, can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO; and Heath Mitts, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows, we will begin with a summary of the fourth quarter and full-year 2011. We will then disclose our redefined segmentation, followed by a walkthrough of our four legacy business segments. And finally, we will wrap up with a outlook for 2012. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 855-859-2056 and entering the conference ID 40912918 or you may simply log on to our company’s webpage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder; this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn this call over to our Chairman, Andy Silvernail? 
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody. I want to start here on Slide 5. By now you’ve all had a chance to review our press release and take notice of the strong finish to a very good year. We established record orders, sales, cash flow, and EPS. For the year, orders were up 18% and sales were up 22% exceeding $1.8 billion. Organically, we achieved 9% sales growth in spite of volatile markets. We completed the largest transaction in IDEXs history, with the acquisition of CVI Melles Griot, which further enhances our OpEx and protonics capabilities. Our integration of CVI is on track, and we’re in the process of executing integration plan, including our commercial strategy and planned footprint consolidation. Full-year EPS was $2.56, up 29% over 2010, and full-year adjusted operating margin of 18.1% was up 90 basis points from prior year.  On a apples-to-apples basis, that is excluding the impact of 2011 acquisitions, operating margins would have increased 200 basis points, so I’m pleased with our team’s focus and execution to drive strong profitable growth.  Now on to the fourth quarter. Sales grew 19%, 7% organically. Operating margins were up 40 basis points year-over-year, or up 160 basis points when we normalize for acquisitions. As we get in to the segment detail, you’ll see a broad based performance where we drove productivity throughout the organization. Free cash flow was $74 million in the quarter, resulting in a cash conversion of 155% of net income. Again, our team executed well and this is reflected in our improved working capital.  In Q4, we completed the issuance of a $350 million ten-year public bond, which allowed us to secure long-term capital at an attractive low rate. Affectively, this frees up our bank revolver so that our strong free cash flow generation, and securing attractive long-term debt, the balance sheet is in great shape and we have plenty of dry powder to execute our short and long-term acquisition strategy. I’m proud of the team’s achievements. As we enter 2012, we see healthy order rates and outlook for many of our end markets. The January order rates were solid, and although markets remain volatile, we’re encouraged by the start. We’re still driving selective restructuring actions, and we will benefit particularly in the back half of the year, as we begin to realize savings from our manufacturing footprint consolidation. As I reflect on our outstanding year and the end markets driving our success, I tend to put our business in two general categories, high growth and high value. Our high growth platforms are those that will continue to acquire highly quality businesses and technologies that accelerate profitable growth and improve our competitive position. Not only do we have a full M&A pipeline for these businesses, we believe these have attractive organic growth potential. These high growth businesses are those that are primarily in our HST and FMT segments.  High value businesses are those businesses that command premier margins due to the critical nature of their solutions and market and brand positions. While these businesses also have attractive organic growth potential, strategically we’ve chosen not to focus on M&A. These businesses fall in to our FSD and dispensing segments. Both high growth and high value businesses receive investment to innovate and continue to expand their market and geographic reach. Before I walk you through the segment results, I want to explain our re-segmentation. We’ve elected to realign our high value businesses. We’ll no longer disclose the dispensing equipment business as a standalone segment. Dispensing will now join BAND-IT, Hale, Hurst, Class 1 and Lucas brands, which all hold a number one or number two position in their respective markets. We believe having a combined Fire, Safety, and Diversified segment reduces unnecessary complexity. This newly combined segment is led by Eric [inaudible]. Eric joined IDEX in 2008 and has done an outstanding job leading our Gas business unit. In 2010, he added dispensing to his responsibilities. Earlier, in 2011, Eric was given responsibility for BAND-IT to Fire and Rescue. Under his leadership, we anticipate continued global growth across his portfolio while driving productivity and efficiency. This combined segment now makes up an excess of 20% of total IDEX sales, and delivers great operating margins. So there’s no change in the fourth quarter with the respect how we report the four segments. However, going forward, there will be three reportable segments.  Now moving on to the segment results, this will be the last time we separately break out dispensing.  With that clarification, I’ll begin the segment discussion starting with fluid and metering on Slide 6. I’d like to commend the FMT team for their outstanding performance in 2011, really a terrific job.  For the fourth quarter, orders were modestly down organically as we came up against some tough comps from large projects and blanket orders in 2010. Sales increased 8% organically for the quarter and 13% organically for the year. FMT delivered an operating margin of 19.9% for the year, which was 140 basis points better than 2010. In Q4, our sales did benefit from specific project-related shipments, mainly in Europe and the Middle East, some of which have benefit in our backlog for several quarters. Within the Ag space, the Van Gel had an exceptional year. Van Gel is the clear market leader in a very strong end market and they’re experiencing tremendous growth, up 27% from prior year. Their orders have not shown any signs of softening, and we believe Van Gel will deliver yet again in 2012.  Within chemical and energy, infrastructure expansion internationally and our focus in the aftermarket, generated double-digit organic growth for the full-year. I’m very pleased with the team’s reinvigorated efforts in the aftermarket.  Our Water business continues to face municipal economic headwinds, while the near-term outlook remains muted, we expect long-term growth as global infrastructure investment picks up. Now on to Health and Science. Orders were up 40% for the quarter, organic orders were up 2%. Fourth quarter sales increased 51%, up 7% on an organic basis. Adjusted operating margin of 19.5% was impacted by CVIs margins that were dilutive to the segment.  Excluding acquisitions, fourth quarter HST operating margins would have increased 230 basis points versus prior year. We expect HST’s margin profile to expand over time as we continue to execute the CVI integration, including manufacturing footprint consolidation and utilization of IDEX’s commercial and operational excellence programs. We pride ourselves on being an innovative and solution driven business. This winter, Precision Polymer Engineering, or PPE, an IDEX company that is a world leader in high performance seals launched a low temperature seal, good to 40 degrees below zero. This solution addresses the need for a liable durable sealing in conditions where competitors failed.  Its enduring performance characteristics and ability to fill a void in the marketplace is what sets PPE’s Perlast ICE apart from its competition. And I believe this is yet another example what IDEX does best. PPE is well positioned to have another great year in 2012 through delivering new products, penetrating adjacent markets and expanding globally. As you may recall, our material process technology platform, which is heavily concentrated in food, chemical and Pharma, built significant backlog in Q3. While the pace moderated in the fourth quarter, we’re still experiencing very solid orders. The outlook for MPT platform is robust and provides us with confidence, heading in to 2012.  Within a HST’s Solicit platform, that’s the business, which provides components to the instrumentation OEMs, we experienced moderation and growth rates as we come up against different comparisons. In 2010 and the first half of 2011, we saw more blanket orders in several large end market new product ramp-ups. Also, we continue to see volatility in the OEM environment. However, the end market and the specific applications where we provide content, have begun to stabilize.  We are being cautious with our expectations for this platform, at least through the first half of 2012, as OEM funding concerns are worked out.  In summary, for HST, we have great traction in our MPT platform and sealing business. The Optics platform integration is on track, and we are taking a cautious approach to the solicit platform. We still feel great about our leadership position and end markets for the segment, and we will continue to invest accordingly.  I’m now on to Dispensing, Page 8. And as I mentioned, this will be reported under Fire Safety and Diversified in the future. In the quarter, organic orders were down 16%, sales were down 1%, flat organically. If you recall, Q3, 2011 organic orders were up 23%. This is the type of fluctuation quarter-to-quarter that is typical for Dispensing. Operating margin in Q4 of 3.7% is down 20 basis points versus 2010, primarily due to mix. However, operating margin was 16.3% for the full-year 2011, up 20 bps, compared to 2010, which is evidence of our ability to control cost and drive efficiency, even in a slowing market. This is largely due to structural actions we have taken, were we consolidated a number of European offices to supply – simplify our footprint. We’re not forecasting a broader market rebound, however, there are signs of recovery on the horizon. In 2012, we plan to further solidify our position as the global market leader through new product introductions with a particular focus on emerging markets.  With a right size cost structure, we are well positioned globally for a market rebound. We’ll wrap up our segment discussion with Fire Safety and Diversify on page 9. This segment continues to perform extremely well given the challenging market environment. In Q4 organic orders were up 1% as sales grew 6% organically. For the full-year, orders grew 6% organically – excuse me, orders for 6% organically and sales grew 5% organically. Our Fire Suppression business anticipates that the North American market will remain flat in 2012, but the team’s success continues their ability to reduce cost and drive growth internationally. Our Rescue Tools business continues to perform. We believe our global growth will outpace domestic activity. BAND-IT had another excellent year. The team continues to find new applications and markets for their fastening products. In summary, FSD delivered top line growth while expanding margins 140 basis points. Further growth in the platform will continue in 2012 as we expand our reach across the globe and in to new markets. With that, I’m now on slide 10. I’ll walk you through our full-year 2012 guidance. I’ll start at the top of the bridge. As we previously disclosed, we secured long-term money Q4, resulting in incremental interest expense of $0.10 in 2012. In Q4, FX turned against us as the dollar strengthened. When we apply the January 31 month end rates, the result is a $20 million headwind for full-year results when compared to prior year rates. We anticipate mid-single digit growth across all platforms in 2012, which will provide 22 to $0.28 of EPS.  The full-year impact of our IDEX Optics and Photonics platform will be 10 to $0.12 accretive over the partial year 2011 contributions, as CVI was acquired in the summer of 2011. The impact from our recent restructuring actions will generate another $0.04 of EPS. We’re also making some pretty significant investments in our operational and commercial excellence programs, most significantly, we made an investment in our global supply chain. These incremental cost will deliver sustainable profitable growth and savings today, and over the long-term. And all this bridge is the EPS range of 274 to 282, or 7 to 10% EPS growth.  So if you’ll flip to the next slide. I’m now on slide 11, I’ll give you more color on Q1 2012 expectations and a few of the modeling considerations. We expect Q1 EPS to be 62 to $0.64, up 9 to 12% year-over-year. Q1 organic revenue growth will be approximately 4%. Just to be clear, our forecast assumes Q1 revenue is modestly higher than Q4 revenue in absolute dollars. In Q1, FX will have a negative year-over-year impact on sales of approximately 1%, and the new debt structure will have $0.03 EPS impact versus prior year. For the full-year 2012, operating margin for the company will be approximately 19%. Other modeling items I want you guys to consider, the full-year 2012 tax rate is anticipated to be approximately 30%. Full-year CapEx will be around $40 million, and as I said a few minutes ago, we demonstrated the ability to convert cash extremely well, and we anticipate similar performance in 2012, our cash generation will be well in access of net income. Our earnings projections exclude any future restructuring, future acquisitions or charges associated with acquisitions. That concludes my prepared comments on an excellent year and 2012 outlook. And with that, I’ll open it up to your questions. Operator? 
Operator:  (Operator instructions). And your first question is from the line of Jim Lucas with Janney Capital Market.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Thanks, good morning, and thanks for building our models for us, Andy.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  No problem Jim, good morning.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  I wanted to start first on the order pattern that you saw through the fourth quarter and how the year has started because obviously a lot of focus there especially with the references to the blanket order, so I was hoping you could flush out a little bit more of the patterns there?
Andrew Silvernail:  Yes, no problem at all, Jim. You know, we’ve talked about this, even though last year of how we’ve seen kind of an overall change in order patterns where we are seeing fewer blanket orders, and order patterns – the volatility increasing I caught lead time decreasing. So we have seen blankets turn more and more into book-in-turn and that trend has continued and we anticipate it to continue going forward.  So that’s pretty consistent with what we have communicated in the past and that is what we saw in Q4.  In terms of the question on the start of the year, the year started well. January was very solid, we are encouraged to see, I guess, coming out of the gates we’re pretty encouraged to see all of the markets responding. We do believe that we saw some de-stocking in Q4 in a number of businesses, particularly in HST, and we have seen a nice bounce back at the start of the year.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay, and with that change from to more of that book-in-turn business, is this part of the evolution of the portfolio, or what has specifically changed with your customers order patterns?
Andrew Silvernail: Jim, I think it’s a couple of things. First and foremost, this trend started, to some degree or another, coming out of the recession where we saw a lot of de-stocking throughout the recession and not as much coming back in post. So I think it’s fair to say to some degree this started back in 2009-2010. You know, the other part is, candidly, with our operational excellence activities, our ability to shorten lead times, you know, in particular, I was over in Europe a few weeks ago and visiting one of our businesses that has literally cut lead times in the last fourteen months by 75%. And when you see that, customers get used to that and they bring down their inventory basis and they move more to a combine like behavior. So it’s – to some degree it’s the market place, and I think that’s the overriding trend. To some degree it is our ability to take down lead times, and I think everybody will continue to be cautious in the marketplace around building inventories until there is more, I guess, overall confidence in the overall end markets.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay, and as a follow up on a separate topic you’ve – you know, obviously we all see the headlines about Europe and emerging markets – you know, many people have been talking about a slowing in the growth rate there. Could you just give us a little bit of kind of what you are seeing in the emerging markets and how you are thinking about it in 2012?
Andrew Silvernail:  You bet. I think like a lot of folks, we saw deceleration in Europe in, you know, starting in late summer, and that certainly continued into the fourth quarter. You know, at the same time it has not been a wholly negative story, so please don’t let anyone read into that. You know, our Europe has remained, I call it solid, but the growth rate certainly decelerated meaningfully in Europe – it started in the summer and into the fourth quarter.  Asia, I think we all saw some slowdown in the third quarter in Asia, and we saw it kick back up in the fourth quarter, and I think that trend is going to continue, really driven by what we are seeing out of China as we look into the balance of the year.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay, great, thank you very much.
Andrew Silvernail: You bet, thanks Jim.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co. :  Hi Andy, hi, Heath. So I was hoping that maybe on the back of Jim’s question you might be able to give us – you gave us a little bit of color on the blanket orders in oil and gas and projects for FMT. I was hoping you could give similar color on HST, as well as FST, and then I have a follow up.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, no problem. You know, I think the HST/FST stores are a little bit different, and what I mean by that is as we talked about it in the third quarter report, the HST – some of the HST end markets, and let’s be very clear about this, we’re really talking about the [inaudible] piece which is selling it to the instrumentation of OEM’s.  You know, we have actively seen a significant change in terms of moving to more con-bond by a number of our major customers in that business, which really reduces the number of blanket orders, and we saw that in the mid-point of last year and accelerate through the third and the fourth quarter.   Part of that is due to our operational performance, part of that is due to their operational performance in terms of their ability to manage inventory, but the biggest piece has been the uncertainty around the funding environment. And I think, you know, we are seeing some pretty mixed results at the end market level around that. And you know, I think we are going to see some of that through the first quarter – there is no doubt we are going to see that behavior through the first quarter, and then as the funding considerations get dealt with here in the back half, I think it improves.  You know, I’ve said pretty consistently that, you know, I’m not sure if it’s a 3 or a 12-month phenomena, but it’s going to play itself out because the overriding trends in this business, meaning the scientific [inaudible] business, are positive, and we expect the growth rates to return whether it is in the back half of the year, or not, but we expect that to return.  You know, on the FST side, Scott, a little bit different, you know, we had a really strong Q3 in FSD, we saw a number of pretty big things come through in Q3 – ship in Q4, and so, the phenomena is not as quite as great there. I will tell you that in FST, specifically in recue, we are seeing some pretty nice things internationally from a large order perspective, so we are encouraged by that, but I think the trend between HST and FST are a little bit different.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co. :  Would you be willing to tell us an organic order number in the month of January for the whole company?
Andrew Silvernail: You know, we don’t break that out. I will say that it’s a positive.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co. :  It’s a positive.
Andrew Silvernail: Significantly positive, better than our expectations.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co. :  Okay, okay, thank you. The follow up question is simply, you know, with this dead issue that’s in the fourth quarter, it sounds to me, Andy, like you guys are setting yourselves up for another good period of M&A, and I was wondering, I know where the M&A is going to – you know, to be targeted the segments, but could you give us an idea of, you know, if it’s a fat pipeline like you said? What can we – what do you think we could reasonably expect in 2012 in terms of dispersement, can it be something north of 500 million on the capital outlays to form acquisition activity? Could it be in the seven-fifty area – what are you thinking on the back of the envelope?
Andrew Silvernail: Well, let me tackle two things, Scott, and that one around the debt, I just want to say first and foremost, I am really delighted with the team here and how they went about getting this debt placement, they did a terrific job, and when you think about it, we really have our path set in terms of capital structure for a very long period of time here. And you know, we have a tremendous amount of dry powder, it will be a very inexpensive rate as we utilize that, and you put that together with the strong free cash flow, and this really aligns us well to that billion to a billion two that we talked about being able to deploy over the next three years – so, first kudos to the team for that. On the M&A front, you know, Scott, when you said that 750, I had a couple of guys in the room kind of choke a little bit, but I got to resuscitate Heath. In all seriousness though, you know, if we do 200 to 300 million, you know, that would be a good year for us at 200 to 300 million in capital outlay, and that would be in line with our 1 billion to 1.2 billion dollar goal, and we’ve got a pretty good pipeline. You know, that being said, the nature of our pipeline is if more things broke our way, right, you could see that number creep pretty quickly as we saw in 2011. So, you know, a 200 to 300 would be solid, and if things break our way it could be significantly more than that. 
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co. :  Thanks very much.
Andrew Silvernail:
Operator:  Our next question is from Matt Summerville with Keybanc. 
Andrew Silvernail:  Hey, Matt, are you there?  
Matt Summerville – Keybanc Capital Markets: Hello? 
Andrew Silvernail: Hi, Matt. 
Matt Summerville – Keybanc Capital Markets: Sorry about that. It must have been the mute button. I was wondering if – with regards to FMT orders being down 1%, if we bucket that with oil and gas or energy and chemical, and Ag and other general industrial and then water, how those four buckets would have looked around, you know, that 1%. 
Andrew Silvernail:  You know, Ag was really good, and we anticipated it’s going to continue to be really good. The team [inaudible] is just doing a great job, really terrific. You know, energy and chemical were okay, they were solid and water was down, as we expected. I will say, however, that we feel pretty good that we’re kind of hitting along the bottom with water, and if I kind of think about, you know, actually water and fire, kind of put them in the new bucket so to speak, we feel pretty good that we are, you know, at or near a bottom relative to those businesses. 
Matt Summerville – Keybanc Capital Markets: And then if we think about your three reportable segments now going forward and you’re kind of lining that up with organic growth guidance of about 5%, I guess, how do you see those three businesses kind of scattered around that five? Which do you see growing above, at, maybe below that level? And if you look at the three, where would you be most optimistic based on what you’re seeing in your order book early in the year? And then where would you be most pessimistic based on what you’re seeing in your order book? 
Andrew Silvernail:  You know, Matt, not to be dodgy about it, but I’ve got to tell you, the way our annual operating plan rolled up and what we’ve seen early on really shows the three segments being plus or minus, pretty close to that mid-range. If I had to handicap different pieces of it, you know, you’ve got some pieces that, you know, FMT could definitely beat the number just because of the strength in the infrastructure end markets and you know, we could see better than expected performance there. On the HST side, you’ve got what I talked about in terms of the instrumentation, which you know, I don’t see a downside to our expectations there and potentially in the back half, if the funding concerns get better, we could see some better performance there.  And then within FSD, you know, we’re still expecting dispensing to be pretty flat and we’re expecting fire to be pretty flat. And we don’t see – there’s not – there really isn’t a catalyst here if I look at the back half of the year on an increase in muni spend, so I wouldn’t handicap that up. At the same time, I wouldn’t handicap it down. So you know, if I look at it relative to the portfolio, I don’t see a lot of potential negatives and I see definitely a couple potential positives. 
Matt Summerville – Keybanc Capital Markets: If you think about this public funding environment kind of being there for a while, and we think about kind of in organic growth equation around HST in terms of content or share gains versus market growth, versus price, how are you thinking about how those three buckets will evolve? I’m really not talking about this quarter or this year, but over a longer period of time? 
Andrew Silvernail:  Sure. I think, you know, if you look at it long term, and you’re looking at HST as a whole, may I assume you’re referring to the fluidics piece, right? 
Matt Summerville – Keybanc Capital Markets: If you’d like to speak to the fluidics and the non-fluidics, I think that would be helpful as well. 
Andrew Silvernail:  Okay. You know, on the fluidics side, you know, there are really two big driver to accelerated growth in that business. And, well, I’ll call it three big drivers. You’ve got one which is the m market itself and I do think, you know, as we move past these funding concerns, we’re going to see more like historical rates organically in that business. And all the market trends, I think, point in that direction over a three to five year period of time. So I think very favorably about that.  The second piece of the equation is new product introductions. And you know, if you look at 2010 and 2011, early 2011, for those of you who know that space well, there was some pretty big new product launches that came out to the marketplace that drove some incremental growth. And we obviously played well in those and did well.  And then the third piece, Matt, to your comment, is really around taking share. That’s a pretty consistent theme for us. You know, 2010, 2011, early 2011, we did better on some new stuff that came out, so that was positive. And we’ll still see some improvements. I will say though that if you look at the pipeline, our visibility into the pipeline of what’s being launched, which is not 100%, but it’s pretty good, you know, that’s not as robust in 2012, but I think overtime, that kind of cycles in two to four year cycles depending upon the market.  So you know, generally, matt, I feel good over the long term in terms of those three things. The other things you mentioned were really around price. You know, price is – has been okay for us, you know, we have – it’s not an environment where we’re going to go out and get a bunch of price. There’s no doubt about that. But it’s also not a deflationary environment. So I’ll call that a neutral.  So net-net, in the intermediate term, I think it’s about funding concerns and in the long-term, I really like how we’re positioned. 
Matt Summerville – Keybanc Capital Markets: Thanks a lot, Andy. 
Andrew Silvernail:  You bet. Thanks, Matt. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Robert Barry with UBS. 
Andrew Silvernail:  Robert, are you there? 
Robert Barry – UBS : Can you hear me? 
Andrew Silvernail:  Just now. Yes. 
Robert Barry – UBS : Okay. Sorry. 
Andrew Silvernail:  No problem. 
Robert Barry – UBS : I wanted to ask about the operating margin assumption and where you see the biggest improvement year over year? 
Heath Mitts:  Rob, this is Heath. I’ll take this one. I mean, we – on an organic flow through basis, we’re still holding to our 30 to 35% as we’ve been consistent with for several years now. That still allows for, with this type of growth rate for some healthy margin expansion. We’re guiding for the year somewhere in the 19s. If you look at where we’ve come in at the segment level, ex even some of the acquisition, some of that’s non-cash as you know, some of the amortization costs that came with CVI. The company did very well in terms of what our expansion was this year even with that as a headwind towards the full-year numbers.  So I would say in general, I would model it around the 19s and we’ll see where we come in. Price will be a good guy in total for the company. It will be around 1% so that gives us some tailwind heading into the year. But there’ll be some inflationary pieces that have to be offset by that. 
Robert Barry – UBS : I think you had talked on the last call about the HST segment kind of tracking in the 19s as you’re just layering in the amortization from CVI. Has the outlook changed there at all or is that still kind of comparable to … 
Heath Mitts:  No, we did 19.5 this quarter, which is sticking with kind of third quarter view as well. I’d say, you know, we’re – in terms of cost that are coming out, especially some of the structural costs that are coming out related to some current consolidations within the CVI, or the overall optics platform, you’ll begin to see that begin to increment up with the flow through assumptions still of 30 to 35% for that segment. We won’t see kind of full run rate for a couple of those consolidations until the later part of 2012 and there is a little bit of investment that will come in ahead of that, but I would tell you that, you know, I would model HST in kind of the mid-19 and the 19.5 and you’ll begin to see it increment up to an exit rate of 2012 with probably a 2 in front of it. 
Robert Barry – UBS : Okay. And then just finally, I just wanted to be clear on the HST segment, I think it was about like 7, 8% of that segment that you thought was kind of directly impacted by NIH funding and maybe as much again that kind of impacted because of it’s adjacency to NIH funding. I mean, in your planning assumptions, are you modeling that – call it 15, 16 percent of the segment to be kind of flat, down, up? How are you thinking about that piece? 
Andrew Silvernail:  That’s a great question, and the way we’ve kind of talked about it with everybody is, if you think about the end market, so the piece that we’re talking about here, Robert, is about 30% of HST, right. And HST is about 30% of IDEX so that’s kind of how we’ve talked about it. And the end market that that business touches, to one degree or another, if you look across the globe, NIH or NIH-like funding is about 30% of the money flows. That’s kind of how the math works.  So the – you know, our expectations, by the way, for those of you who have been watching, the NIH budget did not get cut as you looked at those actual results, 1%, you know ,for their fiscal year. I think they announced that in October or November. So you know, it was a little bit better than expected, but obviously with the election and what happens next year, we’ll see how that plays through. But other NIH-like bodies across the globe are more positive, especially when you look at Asia.  So specific to your question, how we’ve thought about that is we look at the first part of the year for that business to be pretty flat, you know, in terms of revenue. The first quarter being the most challenged, not necessarily because of the sequential order rates, Robert, but because, you know, the last 2012, Q1 2011 for that business was a monster. It was really a great quarter. We had a number of very large blanket orders and some pretty good sized product ramp ups. So first quarter is a pretty tough comp, second quarter is kind of flattish and then we expect to see very modest improvement in Q3 and 4.  So we are not modeling in or building a plan that has an expectation of a blowout rebound, which I think is the prudent thing to do for the balance of this year. 
Robert Barry – UBS : So it sounds like first quarter will be kind of the weakest quarter of the year and then between the NIH issues, the restructuring, et cetera, it sounds like momentum should build during the year? 
Andrew Silvernail: No doubt, that’s exactly right. 
Robert Barry – UBS : Okay, thank you. 
Andrew Silvernail:  You bet. 
Operator: (Operator instructions). And your next question is from Allison Poliniak. 
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Hi, guys. Good morning. 
Andrew Silvernail:  Hey, Allison. 
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Just going back to the Q1 orders, is there any specific segment driving that? It sounds like HST, the fluid side is still a little bit weak. Can we just assume FMT is the strength here? 
Andrew Silvernail:  You know, I think what you see is, you know, HST was actually up 2 in orders. No, I’m sorry. You said first quarter, Allison? 
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc:  Yes, for January, sorry. 
Andrew Silvernail:  My apologies. Actually, Allison, it’s very broad based. January was surprisingly broad based and so we feel, that’s one of the reasons that we feel pretty good about it. So there hasn’t been kind of a, you know, a massive move one way or the other. 
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc:  Okay. 
Heath Mitts:  Allison, this is Heath. I’d say, just to add on to Andy’s comments, you know, as we’ve talked in the past, there’s certain businesses within IDEX that we look at that are fairly relied upon daily, book and bill rates and those are not just FMT, those are portions of fire and safety, specifically BAND-IT. Those are portions of HST, not just with the OEMs there, but also businesses like gas and so forth that really, really were strong in January, which gave us a lot of confidence as we’re in.  I’d say the only soft spot we saw was probably, and it’s not in organic numbers because we have not anniverseried it yet, the semi-con is a bit soft and that impacts portions of HST specifically within the optics business of CBI and a little bit within our seals business. But other than that, it was very, very good. 
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Okay, great. And then obviously, the U.S. water markets challenged, but can you comment on what you’re seeing by the U.S. for those businesses? 
Andrew Silvernail:  Yes. You know, the bright spots for us in water have been – have certainly been outside the U.S. Now, I should say, outside the U.S. as you look east. The western markets, you know, still look a lot like the U.S. and I think that’s very fair to say. But the Asia markets and the Eastern European markets are – and Latin American are pretty solid. You know, so – and we expect that trend to kind of continue. And the other bright spot there has been the industrial water side. So the trends that we’ve been talking about here for quite some time are pretty consistent, and again, you know, we’ve built our annual operating plan and if you look at our – the actions that we have taken, the restructuring actions that we’ve taken, they’ve been focused around these businesses, including water where we’ve seen sluggishness. 
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Andrew Silvernail:  Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Charley Brady with BMO Capital Markets. 
Charles Brady – BMO Capital Markets:  Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. 
Andrew Silvernail:  Good morning. 
Charles Brady – BMO Capital Markets: With respect to FMT, I just want to make sure I’m sort of clear on the direction you’re giving people in Q1 in particular and for the company as a whole. You had a negative, you had minus 1 orders in FMT in Q4. In Q1 you’ve got a tougher comp but January it sounds like it was a pretty strong snapback and I’m just trying to square that up. Was there something that either pushed Q4 down that’s not going to be repeated or conversely, you know, in Q1, was there something that popped up that reversed direction somehow because you would think that with a tougher comp your orders in FMT in Q1 would be about the same or maybe a little bit worse? 
Andrew Silvernail:  You’ve got a few things in there. The most important is really looking at the kind of, you know, the blanket flash project orders that we comping against at the end of Q4. You know, Q1, you know, as we mentioned a moment ago, we’ve seen a pretty good start collectively across the board and so we have, as we look at that, that’s kind of the big thing, Charley, that’s in there is really looking at the blankets in the project. Other than that, you know, it’s just been a solid rebound and we’re encouraged by it. 
Heath Mitts:  Charley, the only thing I would chime in is we do expect the fourth quarter to be our slowest on a year-over-year organic growth perspective on the sales. We do expect it to be slow, the slowest. As you’ve seen, we’re guiding around 4% for the fourth quarter organic and our full year is guided a little bit higher than that. So you will see just the natural flow and there’s some seasonality with pieces of it was well. So you know, I think we’re confident in Q4 and the orders are lining up well to support that. 
Charles Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And you said Q4. Do you mean Q1? 
Heath Mitts:  I'm sorry, Q1. I apologize. 
Charles Brady – BMO Capital Markets: No worries. And just switching gears, so on the emerging markets, your Brazil, India, China, you’ve got a new facility you opened recently in India. Can you talk about Brazil, though, you know, you [inaudible] even looking at maybe putting more manufacturing footprint in country? Just kind of an update on what’s going on with that and kind of where you see also what’s going on within China opportunities? 
Andrew Silvernail:  Yes. So let’s talk about Brazil first, Charley. You know, Brazil, I would say that the commentary is similar to what it was in the third quarter. We’ve got some pretty intense focus there on looking at our options. There are some acquisitions that we’ve looked at pretty heavily in Brazil that would help us accelerate our footprint there and we’re studying that and making sure we make a good investment. But we’re certainly going to continue our press in South America.  Relative to China and India also, you know, I think both of those we saw nice rebounds in the fourth quarter, you know, compared to the third quarter in terms of activity. And we think those will continue. We’re – the investment that we’ve made in India is very, very similar to the investment that we’ve made in China in terms of the capability of the footprint we put in place. And we’ve seen much faster adoption by our businesses in terms of utilizing that infrastructure to be much more local and we’re pretty encouraged by that. And you know, in China, it’s – China is a good story. It’s – we’ve been very successful. We’ve had incredible growth rates there for the last few years and we expect much better than market growth going forward. 
Charles Brady – BMO Capital Markets: One more and I’ll hop in queue. On the supply chain, are you seeing any meaningful constraints or bottlenecks in the supply chain right now? 
Andrew Silvernail:  No, you know, we’re really not, and this time last year, if you all recall, there were a lot of concerns out there around inflation and around that question, Charley, around constraints. We really don’t see that at this point. I will say, however, that the – a major portion of the incremental investments that we’re making in 2012, and we’ll make more investments in 2013, are to improve our supply chain. We really think that an outstanding supply chain can be a significant competitive differentiator and we’re trying to build similar capability throughout the world that we built over the last three or four years in Asia and we think having a very strong regional supply chain capability is the right way to go in a world that is certainly converging. 
Charles Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks. 
Andrew Silvernail:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies. 
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: I have two follow-up questions if I may. Last quarter, Andy, you indicated that sales in 85% of your businesses rose. I was wondering if you could give a similar metric for this quarter? 
Andrew Silvernail:  It’s – overall about 80%, so that 80 to 85 is pretty good. And the trends are really consistent, Scott, right. The places that we see pressure are the places that are facing municipal and to Heath’s point, you know, it’s not a big piece of the organic, but the semiconductor, I think as everyone has seen, has been, you know, for the last six months was pretty tough. Although, we’re starting to see that, you know, I think maybe hit bottom, but you’ve got a couple comps here that are going forward, but it’s really municipal and semi that you have the biggest issues. 
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: I got you. The second thing is, historically, the company has eliminated to reduce cost by 20 to $25 million from your productivity initiatives including purchasing mix model lean and otherwise. Excluding restructuring costs, benefits that is, do you see staying with that number under your – as CEO going forward, Andy? 
Andrew Silvernail:  I absolutely do. I think, you know, we’ve had a great history of driving productivity in the company. And as everyone knows, right, that bar gets raised a little bit every year and that’s a big piece, Scott, of putting more investment into the supply chain. You know, we want to drive that, and overtime, frankly, improve that. And also get the benefits of improved lead time and improved quality.  So yes, the answer is yes. That’s what we should expect herein 2012 and the answer is yes, that should be the expectation as we go forward. 
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: Thanks very much. 
Andrew Silvernail:  Thank you. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). And at this time, I’m showing that there are no further questions in queue. 
Andrew Silvernail:  Well, everybody, thank you very much for taking the time this morning. Again, we’re delighted with how we finished the year and we’re pleased with how we’re seeing the start to 2012. We’re exceptionally proud of what the team has accomplished across IDEX and we look forward to having a solid year in 2012. And we’ll talk to you again in the first quarter. 
Operator:  Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-20 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Yates – Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Lawrence D. Kingsley - Chairman Andrew K. Silvernail – Chief Executive Officer Heath A. Mitts – Chief Financial Officer, Vice President – Corporate Finance
Analysts: Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott Robert Barry – UBS Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co. Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc Charles Brady – BMO Capital Wendy Caplan – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc. 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Vitania, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IDEX Corporation Q3 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to today’s host Mr. Michael Yates, Chief Accounting Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Michael J. Yates: Thank you, Vitania. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter 2011 financial highlights. Last night we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three-month period ended September 30, 2011. The press release along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our company’s website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Larry Kingsley, our Chairman; Andy Silvernail, our CEO; and Heath Mitts, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call is as follows, we will begin with our longer term view of the business as we approach the end of 2011 and have recently completely our three year strategic planning process. We will then discuss our third quarter company results and our four business segments. And finally, we will wrap up with an update to our 2011 guidance. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 855-859-2056 and entering conference ID number 66069195 or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn this call over to our Chairman, Larry Kingsley. Larry?
Lawrence D. Kingsley: Thanks, Mike. I’m very pleased to introduce Andy Silvernail as IDEX’s new CEO. On August 8, we announced that Andy would succeed me as Chief Executive Officer, and I will remain on as Chairman of the Board for the reminder of the year as long as necessary to transition all responsibilities. Andy joined IDEX in January of 2009, and most recently held the position of Vice President and Group Executive, leading three of the company's business segments: Health & Science Technologies, Fire & Safety and Dispensing, comprising more than half the company's annual revenue. He significantly increased revenue and earnings and expanded operating margins through stringent cost control and improved efficiency all while driving substantial international growth. My plan to leave IDEX would not be possible if the Board and I were not extremely in Andy’s leadership. I know we found the best leader to align the company and execute the initiatives we develop together over the last three years to ensure we went today and invest for tomorrow. Over the past several years, we built a world-class team and this will ensure continuity. Andy is surrounded with excellent talent to drive continued growth and operational improvement. Now, let me hand it over to Andy. Andy?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thank you, Larry. Before moving on to the results, I want to take this opportunity to thank Larry for his leadership during the past seven years. Larry has achieved an impressive list of accomplishments while at IDEX. I’m honored to succeed him as CEO and have the opportunity, along with our great team, to lead the company into the future. I appreciate the support Larry has provided me over the last three years. He’s been a terrific leader and an outstanding mentor. I hope you’ll all join me in wishing him success both personally and professionally. With that, I’d also like to quickly address my top priorities as CEO. First and foremost, I want to reiterate that our strategy has been and will continue to be focused on our global growth platforms and executing with a disciplined operating model. Specifically, we will continue to focus on our company-wide priorities. First, we’ll improve our growth profile through organic investments and acquisitions. Second, we’ll build a great global team and develop our people to support our continued growth. Third, we’ll advance our operational and commercial excellence initiatives, which have been the foundation of our success. Through execution on these priorities, we’ll be more flexible, innovative and responsive in filling customers’ needs. Ultimately, these make IDEX stronger and even more competitive. As Mike laid out our comment on our longer-term prospects and our view of the economic environment, we’ll present detailed guidance for 2012 in our fourth quarter earnings call. But today, I’ll share my perspective on the performance on our end markets and our longer-term outlook. We’ve just completed our three-year strategic planning process, and after reviewing the individual business units plans over the past couple of months, we remain bullish as we look 2012 and beyond. First, let me say, despite the headlines of volatility in the global financial markets, we expect to achieve solid organic growth in 2012. The majority of our end markets are continuing to grow. The investments that we’ve made in the emerging markets are paying off as we continue to get traction with our products and technologies in China, India, the Middle East and Latin America. Our strategic intentions have not changed. We will expand our current business with a focus on high-growth emerging regions and high-growth end-markets. To be clear, we’ve not slowed our investments in areas where we are bullish about the long term. On the M&A front, we have a very robust deal pipeline. We remain active through 2012. Our focus will continue to be on strategic platforms in SMT and HST. Turning to the next slide, I’ll walk you through the assessment of our served markets. We believe all of these markets are positive over our three year strategic planning cycle; including the currently softened municipal markets. In the third quarter, we experienced 8% organic order growth. Additionally, orders grew sequentially throughout the quarter and compared to prior year. This provides confidence that order rates are holding up despite the persistent headwinds driven by the volatility in the global market place. Specifically, Chemical and Industrial markets remain strong. Launch projects are underway in China and we have a solid position producing and selling locally throughout the emerging market. Our MRO business is very strong globally, and we are expanding our presence in the after-market space, which will bolster our solid recurring business. Energy has been and will continue to be strong for us worldwide, particularly in mid-and-down stream and we continue to see strength in both MRO and project-related activity. We expect demand for sanitary products to grow as new regulatory requirements increase. We’ve already begun to see a shift in demand for hydraulic products. We are also anticipating developing economies to increase their investments in Food, Beverage and Dairy to meet their shifting needs. In the Agriculture space, we are experiencing very strong OEM and after-market demand, as pharmas [race] to support population growth to increase usable acreage and improving crop fields. Our Health and Science end-markets are experiencing some softening. Concerns about research funding appear to be causing a pause, is a customer disaster situation. We remain very well positioned for that products and technologies. In longer term, we see this getting back to high single digit or low double digit organic growth. Our Municipal end-markets face some challenges, particularly with respect to water, wastewater and fire. For our water business, we believe long-term prospects are promising as investment in the aging U.S. and European infrastructure will require significant capital expenditures. Industrial water applications are supporting the remainder of our water business. We don’t see any slowing in this space. Furthermore, emerging markets have significant growth opportunities both in the year and long-term. Equally important as the market dynamics is our track record of outpacing our served markets as we innovate and properly deliver the highest quality solutions. Overall, we maintain a positive outlook. In our view growth in 2012 will moderate, but stay positive in North America and Europe and growth in the emerging markets will far outpace the developed world. While overall view doesn’t anticipate a global recession, we will be prepared for whatever scenario plays out. Our team can quickly and appropriately reduce our cost structure and preserve margins without slowing R&D spend. We proven our ability to execute this model in the past and we will do so again if necessary. In select areas, we have already begun to see some restructuring actions. Through the second half of 2011, we reduce our cost structure in slower markets in order to deploy capital on high-growth, high-value platforms and regions. Through our ongoing intensified efforts, we will drive cost and efficiency as a result of our operational excellence and strategic sourcing initiatives. Now, let me turn to our third quarter earnings, we had an outstanding quarter. Orders are on track to our plan and we built backlog. The general underlying demand appears to be healthy. However, as Larry and Heath have discussed in the past, we expect order patterns to remain volatile. This shift in orders away from large blankets to more drop-in has stressed the importance of responsive supply chain. This is an area IDEX has strengthened over the years and we will continue to invest resources to improve our sourcing capabilities. We are very excited about our new optics and photonics platform. We are already beginning to realize the benefits of combining these great companies into one platform. We’ve executed quickly to realize synergies. We are able to deliver a broad spectrum of offerings to our existing customers while strengthening our value propositions to potential customers. Now, turn to slide 7, and I’ll jump into the financial results for the quarter. Orders were up 26%, and as previously noted up 8% organically. And sales were up 28%, up 9% organically. Q3 adjusted operating margins of 18.3% was up 70 basis points from the prior year. As noted in our press release, there were a few moving parts in our Q3 results, and a spear of normal IDEX transparency, I want to quickly walk through these items. First, our reported operating income contained $12.8 million of CVI inventory step-up expense, this would be the last of the CVI inventory step-up expense. Additionally we had $2.9 million of restructuring related charges as part of the cost take-out I mentioned earlier. On the other hand, we benefited from $2.7 million of stock compensation expense reversals as part of the CEO transition. Finally, the acquisitions had a dilutive impact of 80 basis points to our operating margin. This is primarily due to CVI’s ongoing intangible amortization expense. While the acquisition impacts will be diluted to our operating margins in the near-term, our margin improvement initiatives are well underway of CVI, and I feel good about the long-term margin profile. So if you add all this up, and look at the results on an apples-to-apples comparison to prior year, our operating margin improved 130 basis points. Productivity was outstanding, but solid operating leverage on the organic growth. Finally, Q3 results include a year-to-date true up of our expected tax rate, primarily due to tax planning availed by recent acquisitions. This is good news, and a lower rate is sustainable. We now expect the ETR to be 30% in Q4, and through 2012. Free cash flow was $86 million, resulting in a cash conversion of 180% of net income. This was a quarterly record at IDEX. It was terrific performance. I’m proud of our team’s effort in the trenches with their laser focus on cash generation. Okay, I’ll begin the segment walk with Fluid & Metering on slide eight. For the quarter, orders were up 9%, up 6% organically. However, if you exclude our water platform, we were up 16% organically in the rest of FMT. Water had some pretty large orders in Q3 2010 and we remain challenged by the [tough] municipal environment. All of which makes for pretty tough comps year-over-year. Overall, FMT sales increased 19% for the quarter, up 16% on an organic basis. Operating margin of 19.9% was up 160 basis points from the prior year. We are very pleased with FMT’s quarterly and year-to-date results. Within chemical and energy, infrastructure expansion internationally and our focus in the aftermarket will generate double-digit organic growth for the full-year. I am very pleased with the team’s efforts in the aftermarket and we look to share these best practices across the portfolio. We will continue to monitor our water business and the municipal spend in the U.S. Outside the U.S., the water business is strong and we expect growth, as infrastructure investments expands in both the near and long-term. I will reiterate our previous expectations that FMT will deliver double-digit organic growth for the full-year and continue improved P&L performance. Global penetration and local execution are driving these stellar results. Now, on to Health & Science. Orders were up [60%] for the quarter; organic orders up 6%. Sales increased 59%, up 4% on an organic basis. As expected, we had headwind on our operating margin. Adjusted operating margin of 19.2% was down 380 basis points from prior year, as CVI’s lower margins impacted the segment results, minus CVI, the remainder of HST, our margins expand modestly. We expect HST’s margin profile to improve overtime as we execute the CVI integration and profit improvement initiatives. We’ve made great try to integrating CVI into our optics platform and have continued to gain share across the business. We will grow this platform organically and acquisitively, this remains one of our highest priorities of capital deployment. Our pharma platform experienced healthy orders in the quarter, which will convert to sales in the first half of 2012. For HST, we are pointing up our high single digit organic growth for the full year and significant growth from the recent acquisitions. However, we are seeing moderation to growth rates, as we come against different comparisons and current uncertainty in the OEM environment. Full year adjusted operating margins are expected to be north of 20%, as we scale this business and completely integrate our recent acquisitions, our operating margins will continue to expand. I’m now on to dispensing. Orders were up 30% and 23% organically. Sales were down 5%, down 11% organically. Operating margin of 9% is down versus prior year of 10%, which is largely driven by lower volumes. We expect margin expansion in Q4 and beyond due to the structural actions we’ve taken. As we communicated last quarter, a broader market recovery is not expected in the near term. But we anticipate further operating margin improvement through new product introductions and market penetration on an appropriately sized cost structure. Again, the dispensing team continues to execute it very well and we’ve adapted to the reality of the diverse construction market. And finally, Fire & Safety. This segment continues to perform extremely well. Time and time again, we successfully defend our position in the marketplace as a leader, penetrating into new markets and applications and expand internationally. This is the ladder to increase year-over-year orders by 16%, up 13% organically. Sales increased 10%, up 6% on an organic basis. Operating margin of 25% is consistent with the third quarter of last year. We believe there will be further opportunity to expand the reach of our products, which drive strong organic growth in the future. I am now onto slide 12. We expect Q4 EPS to be in the $0.60 to $0.63 range. Q4 organic revenue growth will be 4% to 5%. FX will have a positive year-over-year impact on Q4 sales of approximately 2%. For the full year we now anticipate the organic revenue growth will be in the high single digits. We’ve tightened our EPS guidance to be in the range of $2.51 to $2.54, 26% to 28% higher than 2010. Adjusted operating margin for the company for the full year will be approximately 80% and we expect 30% to 35% flow through on incremental organic revenue. There are few other modeling items. The full year 2011 tax rate is anticipated to be 30%. Full year CapEx will be $36 million to $38 million. And as I said a few moments ago, we have demonstrated the ability to convert cash extremely well. We anticipate similar performance in the fourth quarter or cash generation will be in excess of net income. And again, our earnings projections exclude any future restructuring, future acquisitions or charges associated with acquisitions. And that concludes my prepared comments on an excellent quarter. With that we’ll open up the call to questions. Operator, I’ll turn it over to you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And you have a question from the line of Jim Lucas with Janney Capital Markets.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Thanks, good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning, Jim.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: And thanks for building out models for us on that last slide.
Andrew K. Silvernail: No problem.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: First question, in your prepared remarks, you’ve talked about select restricting that you started, could you give us a little bit of color of where you are starting that and maybe talk about where those potential area of weakness are?
Heath A. Mitts:  Hi, Jim, this is Heath. We talked a little bit about that in the last call that we were going to commence some things, generally it's around businesses that we do not anticipate big bounce back in terms of growth next year and these are businesses that we’ve talked about in the past around dispensing and around certain elements within our water business, and these have been announced and been execute as we speak, so there is no big surprise internally here.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay. And with regards to the CVI integration, could you give us a little update of how that has played out initially and talk about some of the market opportunities that may have surfaced so far?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Sure, Jim. First, the integration is on track. We’ve seen some pretty immediate top line synergies from products and the channels. If you recall when we talked about the acquisition, it is really an excellent fit between CVI, Semrock and ATFilms really across a number of spectrums, the first being the global footprint that CVI has in terms of their sales channels and support structures. The second is technologies. There is really a terrific overlap and our ability to leverage both product and process technologies. And then finally, as we talked about – there are some structural cost opportunities between the businesses. So it's on track to our expectations. Consistent with the rest of HST, there has been some softening, but the business still grows year-over-year and while it's a little bit softer than we expected, we’ll get back in line with our expectations.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay. And finally, with regards to the commentary, I know that you’re still putting early, early stages of putting 2012 together, but a lot of good commentary about the puts and takes going into the next year. When you think conceptually about next year, I mean as the growth rate is kind of leveled off and moderated here in that mid-single digit range, I mean is 4% to 5% a realistic expectation organically in ’12, or anything that you can in terms of how you can, any carry outs to put with that?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure. I think first and foremost, right now the biggest driver here, kind of three things that we’re seeing for drivers and some of the near-term softening. The first one is that Europe has softened; there is certainly no doubt about that. The second and we believe this is a fairly short-term phenomenon, as some of the funding in the life science market, there are concerns and we think that some of the end markets and customer bases have slowed because of that in the near-term. And again, as I said in my prepared remarks, we feel pretty confident that over the long-term, that looks a lot more like we’ve expected in the past, which is high single-digit to low double-digit. So our expectation is that, in 2012 North America will be slower, Europe will be slower, international will still be multiples of those growth rates. So if you assume kind of current state, we think we can do a little bit better than that 4% to 5% in 2012, but a lot it’s going to be driven by the macro environment.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Barry with UBS.
Robert Barry – UBS: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning, Robert. How are you?
Robert Barry – UBS: Good. Thanks. I was wondering if you could just share a little more color on where you’re seeing the softness in the European business?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. No problem at all. It’s pretty broad-based. And I think, as we look across the portfolio, you can kind of go straight into the segment, and you’ve seen some softness. So you wouldn’t pick out one thing that’s dramatically different than the rest, but we have seen that certainly in the third quarter, some slowdown.
Robert Barry – UBS: Okay. And then on the muni, I know the muni water has been weak for a little while, is it getting incrementally weaker or is that kind of stable?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  No, no, it’s really, it’s stabilized. We’ve talked about in the past, specifically in the fire business where two years ago we saw a tick down, and this year as we expected we saw another tick down. But actually sequentially, we’ve seen that really stabilize. So across-the-board office it impacts fire, and it impacts water and waste water, we see some stability. However, we don’t see a dramatic pick up in growth, and that’s why we’ve been very proactive in taking some of the cost initiatives.
Robert Barry – UBS: Yeah, on the HST side, you flagged about 380 basis points decline in the margin. How much of that 380 is related to the ongoing amortization?
Heath A. Mitts:  Robert, this is Heath, there is about in total for HST, we had a headwind on the margin rate of about 450 basis points, which in CVI and the other HST acquisitions, CVI being by far the lion share then. So we would have accreted ex-acquisitions in HST, we would have accreted somewhere in the 70 basis points.
Robert Barry – UBS: Right. I guess, I’m trying to get at, if some of that year-over-year headwind is related to ongoing acquisition related amortization, kind of how should we think about the margins tracking in HST, just aside from the planned restructuring activity?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Sure. As we talked about when we acquired CVI, and we’ve added some more color in our last earnings call. We have, CVI itself brings about $12 million of annual intangible amortization expense that does bring down their margins. So it would be fair to say right, that we’re going to reset the HST operating margin somewhere in the 300 to 350 basis points versus pre-IDEX, pre-acquisition. Obviously, as we grow and take cost out, we’ll lever off of that as some of those purchase price accounting costs are fixed, we’ll lever off of that going forward. Just to be clear, the CVI and for that matter, all of the acquisitions within the segment do have the same attributes as the rest of IDEX as we’ve talked in the past, which is incremental margins or contribution margins of the 30% to 35% range. So as we continue to see growth in those businesses, we will begin to expand margins from that going forward.
Robert Barry – UBS: And then just finally on that, I mean how is that going to play out, I mean if you put it may be in two buckets, kind of over the next 12 months, how much is there to do related to CVI restructuring, like you’ve talked about a plant that could be closed relatively quickly, and how much impact could kind of the next 12 months be, and then kind of longer term?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, I don’t want to get too descriptive on the call in terms of our more tactical actions around the integration. Obviously, we have talked some foot print things that we are considering going through, and then there are just some natural synergistic opportunities as Andy mentioned with some of the technologies and channels and so forth as we bring it into our broader optics and photonics platform at IDEX, but and we’ll give some more color about that as we get through the 2012 planning process. But I would expect for modeling purposes that you can expect HST’s margins to be in that 19% range plus or minus here for the next few quarters.
Robert Barry – UBS: Okay. Great, thanks very much and thanks for sharing all the thoughts on the outlook for 2012.
Andrew K. Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: Good morning you all. And congratulations, Andy, good to hear you’re back; Larry as well. The question I had about was more of the order rate comment that you’ve made, Andy, about sequentially it seems to be – I thought you said improved, but I may have misheard you. And then kind of comparing the order rates, which were – and I know that there’s only a month and a half of impact of that visibility type of thing. But then the 4% to 5% organic sales number, which isn’t far off from what I was thinking. Nevertheless, the order rate being the same this quarter as it was last quarter with your – combined with your comment, is there something you’re seeing very recently in the healthcare business or somewhere else that’s suggesting there’s a bit of a step down for the fourth quarter?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Hello, Scott, let me kind of tackle these two things. One, I think what I heard you say was talk about the sequential order rate and then address the 4% to 5% and is that kind of consistent with what we’ve experienced in the second quarter and kind of going forward. Is that right, Scott?
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: Pretty much. The order rate growth in the third quarter was the same as the second quarter organically, yet the organic expectation for the following quarter…
Andrew K. Silvernail: Okay.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: Is lower.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Okay, got it, got it. Let me tackle the sequential order rate. You did hear that right, if you look back over the past six months, month-to-month our sequential order rate has actually improved. And so we are seeing some sequential momentum. That being said, we had more difficult comps and we have more difficult comps as we move forward. As you look at the fourth quarter essentially what we are calling is sequentially a consistent quarter in terms of top line plus or minus. And so that relative to last year what we saw kind of $25 million or $30 million of sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter. In terms of the order rate in the second quarter and how we are looking at that verus the third quarter and forward, some of the orders that we saw here in the third quarter were in our pharma platform, which really don’t hit until 2012. So there is a little bit of a gap in there from kind of the math that you might be walking through.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: That's fine, that's actually very helpful, you are looking at things sequentially, I was looking at year-over-year. So on a year-on-year basis during the quarter it sounds like things maybe drifted downwards because of the more difficult comps, is that fair?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  To some degree, yes, let me, I think it's important to reiterate that even if we're looking that HST or FMT right, we are still seeing a solid order environment and we think we’ll continue to do so. So we are seeing sequential improvement and we are seeing a decent year-over-year, but moderating as we look forward.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.:  Understood. The other question I had was maybe more specific to the health care business where I guess in past conference calls I never really got the impression that the NIH funding was a big deal for IDEX. It sounds like you are saying that there is some pause out there taking place among some of your customers, maybe just help me connect those dots if you could?
Andrew K. Silvernail: That’s a good question, Scott. If you kind of step back, and you look at that overall instrumentation space that we’ve talked about in the past, somewhere between 20% and 30% of that business domestically, and probably the same in Europe is impacted by NIH like funding. That being said, that segment of our business is only about a third of the total HSP platform. So if you kind of walk through the math, you can see kind of how it impacts that. However, I think what’s important is that, as some questions about funding have come up, and understand those funding cuts haven’t happened yet, but it’s really a questions about funding. We are hearing our customers become more cautious, and they are waiting for that to clear up, I don’t think anybody wants to get caught in a slower market, and so they’ve been a little bit more cautious. When that clears up, we think that the growth rates will continue, and frankly if you listen to the majority of the players in the space, there is real confidence going forward about continued attractive growth rates.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: That’s fine. Thank you. My last question is this, I know that you are looking at some additional sort of platform restructuring, that is separate from the company’s long heralded goal of $20 million to $25 million in ongoing productivity cost savings, is that correct?
Heath A. Mitts:  Scott, this is Heath. That is correct. The two different activities altogether, once restructuring partly CVI enabled just due to the acquisition as well as the sizing of the dispensing and portions of the water business that I discussed earlier. That is a different activity all together, the ongoing strategic sourcing and OpEx savings that we drive daily.
Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: Very good, that’s very helpful. Thank you and, Andy, good luck.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thank you very much, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Good morning.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: You talked about organic growth next year and I guess a little bit following on just what Scott was talking about on the cost side. If that doesn’t happen, can you talk about contingency on the cost side that you’re currently thinking about?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah, no problem. As we talked about, we’ve already taken some actions and it’s been related to the businesses that we believe we’ll continue to have slower growth. At the same time, we have a pretty disciplined process here. And we understand what the playbook looks like in frankly multiple faces depending upon what the end markets do. So, Allison, without getting really specific, we feel very, very comfortable that if we see decelerating growth rates or a global recession, we have the ability to execute very, very quickly with substantial cost reductions.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Okay, great. And then just back on the HST and the funding issue, has there been any talk about (inaudible) I guess the quantity of some of the cost reductions that could happen next year and how are you guys thinking about that for 2012?
Andrew K. Silvernail: You know it’s really too early to tell. You guys watch CNN and CNBC as much as we do. And frankly you’ve got the politicians kind of arguing at each other and I think that’s what’s called the hesitancy, it was called the hesitancy, but there is really no specific insights or no specific plans that are in process already be executed.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Okay, great. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail: You’re welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with BMO Capital.
Charles Brady – BMO Capital: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning, Charlie.
Charles Brady – BMO Capital: On the Fire & Safety/Diversified business, can you just kind of break out a little more granularity between the Fire business and the non-fire businesses with the growth and order outlook – is for those businesses?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, I think the way to think about that and I can – you know Heath kind of – dig into more specifics but – we can tend you to see Band-It and the rescue business, the rescue tools business, just not really execute fantastically. And it’s too similar stories; one is at rescue, it’s based on a great job, absolutely terrific job of innovation and international expansion. You know that business is 70 plus percent international and the team there has just on a stellar job executing. On the Band-It side, what they’ve really done is a terrific job globally of looking at new vertical markets, where they have just – tremendous advantages over the existing fastening technology. And so year-over-year, they – continue to just to drive great growth. And we’ve already talked about what’s happening in fire. So, I think – they’ve done a terrific job and we expect them to continue to.
Heath A. Mitts: What – just to jump in your time, we are – the third quarter results were reflective of what we’ve seen here to-date in the segment, which is a fire piece that is stable, right so for the third of the segment, which is the pumps that gone – the fire trucks has been stable. It hasn’t shrunk this year; it’s really been a low single digit organic grower. And if you’d – so you can do the math if we’re growing at the segment level there at the mid to this quarter 6% organic revenue growth, you’ve got two thirds of the business that’s growing in the low double digits and that would obviously be rescue and Band-It which are having great years.
Charles Brady – BMO Capital: When you talk about the new verticals, if they’re trying to get into where they’ve got an advantage on other fastening technologies, can you give us some examples of that?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah, you bet. You know, one example which is just terrific is looking at power plants where some of the current fastening technologies are really based on welding, which is expensive, dangerous and it doesn’t have a long life, and with those type of applications, you are looking at, frankly a kind of ten to one value proposition where we can still solve the customers’ problem and have very attractive margin. So that’s one example, and frankly there are dozens more like that.
Charles Brady – BMO Capital: Okay. And just one on the corporate expense line, looking into Q4, and I guess a little bit in ’12, should we expect that to kind of drop down into what the level we saw in kind of first half or may be slightly above first half?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Some of the first half numbers are in corporate expense were little inflated Charlie, just because we had acquisition related costs in those, right. I think if you were to normalize, and this quarter is probably a little artificially low, because we had some of the CEO transition expense benefit in there. So I think if you normalize it for somewhere around $11 million to $12 million a quarter, that’s probably a good modeling number from a corporate expense perspective.
Charles Brady – BMO Capital: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wendy Caplan with SunTrust.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi, good morning. First, I just want to say best of luck, and though you don’t need it, to Andy and certainly to you Larry. Can we – sometimes during the time of slowing, we see the folks that have good market share positions going after market share from lesser competitors, are there initiatives that you can talk about in that arena, and how you see it, Andy on a strategic basis?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  You bet. Well first, good morning, Wendy. From a market share perspective, we are always going after share in every one of our markets. That's part of our DNA and if you look at our ComEx toolbox and what is built around, it's really built around expanding share and accelerating profitable incremental growth. So you can go through any one of our platforms, any one of our individual businesses and the answer to that question is absolutely yes. There are more opportunities internationally and the great part, Wendy, is we really have a terrific infrastructure that we built in to compete globally and locally. So we feel very confident in our ability to consistently take share across the portfolio.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thank you. And one more on HST, this is typically we think of doing business in a consolidating industry is a little tricky and that's what your life science end market appears to be going through. Can you talk about what that implies for you in terms of your customer base in that space consolidating?
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure, sure. Well, first and foremost I think it's important to note that as you look at this portfolio if you look at HST, it's a very different portfolio than it was a year ago. It is what a lot of people think of as HST is now kind of about third to 40%, 45% of the current portfolio. So, overall customer concentration is actually going down pretty considerably. So that's the first comment. The second comment is, we – these are very, very long life cycle products and technologies that we play in and in many cases they are regulated. So they are attractive, very dependable markets and we work hard to be early in the product development cycle in driving overall value to the customer and continuing to play with them through the life cycle. So we’ve been successful in taking share by driving platform content and maintaining to continue to grow share with some of the similar strategy. So we think we’re very well positioned, we’ve grown platform content even in those places that have some consolidation. And we think we bring an awful lot of value, so frankly, we think we’re well positioned.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks very much, Andy.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, just a couple of questions. One, in terms of pricing, I guess where do you guys think IDEX comes out overall in terms of pricing 2011 versus 2010 for the full year and then how are you thinking about prices, you build out your plans for 2012?
Heath A. Mitts: Matt, this is Heath, we’re consistent with where we were year-to-date. Third quarter performance was between a point and point and a half of positive price. So as we build the plans for next year, it’s a little early, we haven’t gone through all the operating plans, but it certainly is going to in a, let’s say a more sane moderated inflationary environment, we would anticipate getting some level of price, a positive price.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then, just a follow-up again on health, within the food business you kind of talked about what organic orders look like in total for the segment, and then if you kind of backout water. I’m curious as to how health would look, if you kind of did the same exercise, but backed out kind of that strength you saw in pharma. I guess, I'm trying to get a sense, is the incoming order rate in that instrumentation/life sciences piece, has that turned negative are you seeing cancellations and deferrals up to this point, I’m just trying to dig a little deeper there?
Andrew K. Silvernail: What we’re very bullish about this segment is a smaller piece of the segment relative to water as is to FMT. And we haven’t quantified that, but we are just to be absolutely clear, we are not seeing negative order growth in the rest of HST, whether it’s in the optics space, the more the fluidic space around HST or in even some of the industrial spots. So it would not be as meaningful of a number, but it’s not going to be something that we’re going to provide.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then as we think about Q4 in kind of the organic growth rate you talked about a 4% to 5%, I guess could you give a little bit of color just given, and there are several moving pieces here, I mean Dispensing orders were up 23, Fire up 13, the others up 6, I guess how you think about the businesses coming in either at, below or above that 4% to 5%, can you provide a little bit of framework there?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Matt, just to be clear, are you talking about optics coming at the CVI business?
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets: No, I’m looking at your total organic growth in Q4, you are saying up, I believe 4% to 5%. If I look at the four segments, and I take into account kind of the moving parts from an overall order standpoint, you have two of the businesses up double-digits, two of the businesses up mid-single, you have some maybe longer term orders going to help, that are going to shift in 2012. I’m trying to get a feel for, if we bracket around that 4% to 5%, where you think the four businesses come in, in Q4?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I see, what you are saying. I think you’ll see mid single-digits out of Health & Science, out of Fire & Safety and Dispensing, and I think you’ll see a better than that, a high single-digit number out of FMT.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walt Liptak for the Barrington Research.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.:  Hi, thanks good morning guys.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Good morning, Walt.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Just a follow on Matt’s question, I’m not sure, I heard dispensing with the orders rebounding, what's behind that and what kind of growth rate are you expecting for the fourth quarter?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Walt, if you look at the dispensing number, it was a pretty easy comp year-over-year, the third quarter of last year was in the low $20 million and if you look at that kind of how it balanced throughout the year that was lower. Now, that being said the third quarter because of the seasonality in Europe tends to be a little bit softer for us in dispensing. What I can say about dispensing generally is we feel pretty comfortable that business has leveled out and we have gone out aggressively gone after costs and as we look at it today it’s on an annual basis, it's got relatively attractive and stable margins and very, very good cash generation. So I think what you will see in the fourth quarter is something kind of consistent with our history.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.:  In terms of the profit margin?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Profit margin in overall kind of organic growth rates that normalizes.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.:  Okay.
Heath A. Mitts:  Walt, as you recall the first half is always much bigger in dispensing than in the second half.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.:  Right, but there is that seasonality.
Heath A. Mitts:  And you see that that this is a business that volume has a huge impact in terms of the way it levers up and levers down, so in terms of where we finish the year and the full-year operating margin rate for the segment we’ll still be in the mid to high teens in terms of profitability in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, it's going to be up some, but some of that's more tied to the restructuring actions that we are doing more so than we are anticipating some big bump in volume.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: 
 :
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, we’ll come back out. We’re not in – we’re not finished, right, with our restructuring activities. We will continue through the fourth quarter, and when we come back out with our 2012 guidance, we’ll add some color around.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. So in the fourth quarter, there will be a similar charge, the $2.9 million?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I wouldn’t – I’m not going to try to quantify what the charges in the fourth quarter will be.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay, and then a last one. The interest expense was a little bit lower than what I was looking for and I wondered is this the run rate that we – I can’t remember if this is the run rate or is there refis that’s going to happen on some of the debt?
Andrew K. Silvernail: We’re still planning to go out here in the fourth quarter with a public bond, the 10-year note that we talked about in the last earnings call.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Timing is a little [TBD], almost week-to-week as we keep an eye on the bond markets, making sure we go in at the most attractive point for where IDEX resides. So we would anticipate some higher – some moderately higher interest expense in the fourth quarter.
Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And you have a question from the line of Jim Lucas with Janney Capital Markets.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks. I want to come back on one clarification, Andy. When you were talking about the – my first question, the 2012 drivers on the softening side, you said there were three. You highlighted Europe, the NIH funding. What is the third driver?
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think the third that’s the overall international growth has ticked down a little bit too. If you look at the emerging markets, they were exceptionally robust as we saw in the first half of the year. And don’t get me wrong, they’re still very, very attractive, but certainly they have decelerated a little bit.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. Then, big picture, on the early prepared remarks you talked about the three year strat plan being completed. As that is completed, could you give us some additional color of what came out of that three year strat plan, any major changes?
Andrew K. Silvernail:  I wouldn’t call them major changes, Jim. I think that the most important thing that came out of the three-year strat plan is the laser-like focus on the six strategic platforms within FMT and HST, and those have been in placed for a long time, they’ve been build out for a number of years. But really, focusing and executing on those platforms both organically and inorganically, a very strong focus on the emerging markets, a very strong focus on filling in technology and channel gaps and really kind of executing the business model around that, that is absolutely the most important thing that came out of strat plan.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Andrew K. Silvernail:  Well, I want to thank you all very much for your time this morning. We’re excited about the end of our third quarter, and our execution of the year-to-date results, and we anticipate continued success throughout the year. And thanks again for your continued interest in IDEX.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Heath Mitts – Vice President and CFO Larry Kingsley – Chairman and CEO Mike Yates – Vice President and CAO
Analysts: Robert Barry – UBS Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Wendy Caplan – SunTrust Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co. Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Brian Meyer – Robert W. Baird Chris Wiggins – Oppenheimer Mark Barbalato – Vertical Research Partners Walt Liptak – Barrington
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kristine, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IDEX Corporation Q2 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Heath Mitts, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Kristine. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our discussion of IDEX second quarter 2011 financial highlights. Last night we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending June 30, 2011. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our company website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Larry Kingsley, our Chairman and CEO; and Mike Yates, our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. The format for our call today is as follows, we will walk through our view of the business as we complete the first half of 2011. We will then discuss our second quarter company results and our four business segments including an update of the recently closed CVI Melles Griot acquisition and finally, we’ll wrap up with updated outlook for 2011. Following our prepared remarks we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 800-642-1687 and entering conference ID 66065698 or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin a brief reminder this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today’s press release and in IDEX’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll now turn this call over to our Chairman and CEO, Larry Kingsley. Larry?
Larry Kingsley: Thanks, Heath, and I’m going to start on slide five. We had a good quarter. Demand continues to be strong and we’re executing well in this environment, most importantly though little over 80% of our exposure to markets that are growing nicely with secular trends that point towards continued expansion. There are some areas of concern, namely, U.S. municipal spend and the soft market for our Dispensing equipment, but that’s consistent with prior expectations for the year. Our global expansion continues, emerging region growth has been just fantastic and as a function of good underlying economies but also very strong IDEX market penetration. Our global margin profile is similar to the more developed western markets. So we are now realizing consistently strong margins irrespective of geographic location, as we indicated we would start to see in our last quarter call. And we’ve efficient -- effectively managed costs and have taken selective price actions that have now preserved variable margin for the full year, when you combine that with volume leverage and operating productivity. We’ve realized organic flow-through that’s incremental margin on incremental organic sales of nearly 40% through the first half of the year. And on the acquisition front, we’re right in our sweets spot. We’ve deployed over $450 million of capital to target in strategic and proprietary transactions so far this year. We announced and completed the CVI Melles Griot transaction in the second quarter with current annual revenues of $185 million. CVI tremendously enables our optics and photonics platform within the HST segment. And our balance sheet is in great shape and our pipeline of potential deals remains very strong providing us with the confidence that we can complete and integrate more strategic transactions this year in both the FMT and HST segments. So with the continued expansion of the company, we’ve made forward investments in leadership positions to enable the new growth platforms. The team we have in place now, that’s corporate, segment and platform leadership absolutely have the ability to grow the enterprise. I’m going to turn to slide six and we’re going to jump right into the results. Sales were up 20% that was up 8% organically. Our Q2 reported EPS was $0.60 and Q2 adjusted EPS was $0.62, that’s up $0.12 or 24% over the year ago quarter. Q2 adjusted operating margin of 18.2% was up 130 basis points from the prior year, productivity was strong with solid operating leverage on the growth, you’ll see as we go through all the segment detail, just strong financial performance across the company with the exception of free cash flow though which was $46 million not stellar. We would naturally expect free cash to be greater than our net income as you know. Year-to-date, we have increased our raw material and component inventory to avoid material inflation and to ensure that there were and are no disruptions from the supply chain. But that’s really only supports a portion of the increase in inventory, the remaining increase is not intended process driven or is it IDEX acceptable and the team is focused on driving improved performance. I expect the cash conversion to significantly improve in the back half of the year and I think the free cash number might consider a bit nitpicking but we should and we will do a lot better. If you move over to slide six, I’m going to cover the segments beginning with Fluid and Metering, for the quarter orders were up 20% that was up 14% organically. Sales increased 22% for the quarter up 16% on an organic basis. Operating margin of 19.6% was up 180 basis points from the prior year. I’m just really pleased with the FMT results for the quarter and the first half of the year. For the first half, FMT’s sales and orders have grown just under 20% and operating income was up 33%, compared to the first half of 2010. The headline concerns regarding muni budgets and lack of allocation to water and wastewater projects in the U.S. have not tremendously impacted our business. The FMT segment performed well across virtually all end markets in the quarter and for the first half. And again, global markets are substantially outpacing the equivalent U.S. markets. We now expect FMT to deliver double-digit organic growth for the full year with continued margin expansion. Now on to Health and Science, orders were up 30% for the quarter, organic orders were up 4% and it’s important to note that adjusted for large programmatic orders, compared to the prior year, in other words, it’s the year-over-year OEM blanket order timing, we would have achieved organic orders growth in the high single-digit range. Sales increased 36%, up 10% on an organic basis. Adjusted operating margin up 21.6% was up 130 basis points from the prior year and like FMT, HST sales execution continues to be just outstanding. We continue to gain share on customer platforms that’s both new and existing as we have discussed in the past, our expanding presence in life science application is an ongoing great story. In the quarter we achieved another significant win in the field of genome sequencing, an important new segment with very important customer for us. In addition, our optics and photonics platform within HST is focused on similar kinds of opportunities within life sciences and it’s already well underway toward executing a solid success story. And our [Seals] business within HST is also achieving great growth across multiple attractive life science and other instrumentation product markets and we’ll grow this platform both internally and acquisitively. So our expectation for the full year is double-digit organic growth coupled with significant acquisition growth and operating margin will continue to expand as we scale business. I’m now onto Dispensing and orders in Dispensing were down in 11%, down 21% organically, sales were down 12%, down 21% organically. Operating margin of 28.7% is up versus the prior year primarily due to the gain on the sale of some real estate in Italy in this segment. Excluding this gain, op margin would have been 20.9% though which is obviously still very respectable performance given the current volume and again, a testament to the great job that we’ve done to drive structural change in the business. Dispensing marketplace in North America remains soft and Western Europe remains okay. Opportunities in Eastern Europe and Asia are great but again we’re working off a small base there. At current sales levels for the segment, we’ll likely generate an operating margin range quarter-to-quarter between 10% and 20%. Also as you know, the second half is always lower than the first half due to natural seasonality, so full year margin this year would most likely be in the mid-teens. Again, the team continues to execute very well and has adapted to the new temporary reality of the markets that we serve. They do expect new customer programs to substantiate gross now – grow, excuse me, less than a year from now. And finally on the Fire & Safety, this segment continues to performance well. Orders were up 13%, up 8% organically. Sales increased 8%, up 3% on an organic basis and operating margin of 23.9% was up 200 basis points from the second quarter last year. For the segment in total, the growth is really coming from our ability to expand into new markets and applications. International growth should be very robust for a long time to come. We always talk about Band-It, one of the businesses within the segment and how they expand in certain market because it’s illustrative of innovation coupled with consistent execution and I think it’s easily identifiable. Band-It recently developed a proprietary new product and tool to enable field service of power generation plants. Band-It’s new product replaces costly welding processes associated with cleaning and replacing heat dissipation and shielding devices in those plants. And the team captured representative wins in the facilities in Europe and in Africa immediately following introduction that’s again a testament to their market clairvoyance kind of from idea to action. So turning on to the next slide, we’re going to change gears here and talk about CVI Melles Griot. I’m going to walk you kind of quickly through the financial impact of the CVI Melles Griot acquisition as we now integrate it within HST and that integration is well underway. CVI becomes the cornerstone of our optics and photonics platform within HST. CVI’s target end markets are life science and other OEM instrumentation end markets. CVI’s market leadership position combined with our global presence is already enabling key wins and I’d really like to commend our new leadership and the broader team at CVI for their efforts thus far is going well. CVI will contribute about $0.07 of GAAP EPS in the back half and this is inclusive of purchase accounting amortization which will be about $12 million annually. So from a cash EPS standpoint it will be about $0.12 accretive in the back half that excludes the non-cash inventory step up the charge about $3 million that you have in the Q2 numbers and $13 million in Q3. In short, we believe that CVI will perform at least as well as we have anticipated and discussed at the time we announced it and held the crawl. The optics and photonics platform has similar growth and profit flow-through characteristics to the rest of HST, so with that we should see $0.15 to $0.20 of GAAP EPS in 2012 or about $0.25 to $0.30 of cash EPS as a result of CVI’s joining the group. So I’m now moving on to slide 12. As you can see, we provided you with a bridge from the first half of this year to essentially our forecast for the back half, using the first half adjusted results as our starting point. We are forecasting strong incremental volume of $26 to $33 million, which yields back half EPS, that’s incremental EPS of $0.05 to $0.11 that is partially offset by the seasonality and Dispensing I just mentioned. You could see the CVI impact with incremental sales of $84 million in the EPS contribution of $0.07. Now we’re planning to take advantage of the current interest rate environment and we expect to issue additional debt late this quarter, which will increase interest expense in the back half and impact EPS by about $0.05. And so as you can see, we expect full year revenue to be just under $1.9 billion and EPS in the range of $2.40 to $2.46 and again, that excludes the CVI inventory charge. And so if you go to the next slide, we expect Q3 EPS to be in the $0.60 to $0.62 range, Q3 organic revenue growth will be about 8%, Fx will have a positive year-over-year impact on Q3 of about 3% and again for the full year, organic revenue growth will be in the high single digits. EPS we’re taking up to $2.40 to $2.46, that represents 21% to 24% growth rate for the full year. Adjusted operating margin for the company on a full year basis will certainly exceed 18%. The 2011 tax rate is anticipated to be 32%, full year CapEx will be between $35 and $38 million. So, with that, we’re going to open the call to questions. Operator?
Operator: Yeah, sir. (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Robert Barry with UBS.
Robert Barry – UBS: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Larry Kingsley: Hi, Robert.
Robert Barry – UBS: Congratulations on a very solid quarter.
Larry Kingsley: Thank you.
Robert Barry – UBS: Question on the CVI impact next year $0.15 to $0.20, does that consider all the incremental impacts of the deal including incremental financing costs?
Larry Kingsley:  Yeah. That includes everything and again, that’s the GAAP EPS number, Robert.
Robert Barry – UBS: Right. And I was just curious how to think about the change in your guidance. Looks like you were -- if I’m just thinking midpoint-to-midpoint of the old versus the new guidance, it looks you are a few cents ahead in this quarter. Now CVI is going to add $0.07 -- to that an incremental 10 -- slight midpoint to midpoint, it looks like you are raising it about eight. If there is something incremental that’s a head wind or how should we think about that?
Larry Kingsley : Well, if you go back to that bridge, obviously, really the only range there is EPS -- incremental EPS is generated on the organic volume which you can see, so you could choose to take somewhere higher along that range if you want to. And you do have, as I called out that interest expense, of a nickel in the back half. Robert, I don’t know if you have the bridge in front of you but we are planning to go out with some additional debt late in the third quarter which will have an impact in the second half, primarily the fourth quarter. That new debt just taking advantage of the interest rate markets and terming out some of our existing bank debt will have an impact the other way ands that is included in our guidance assumption. That is to the tune of about $0.05 in the second half of the year.
Robert Barry – UBS: Right. Okay.
Larry Kingsley : To your earlier comment, the question regarding the 2012 impact, the $0.15 to $0.20 is the true CVI impact to the company next year on a GAAP basis. So meaning that’s inclusive of the $12 million of additional intangible amortization. We will, as we guide for 2012, we will have higher interest expense next year, not necessarily specific to CVI but more so as we are taking on additional debt in the fourth quarter that will calendarize for full year next year. We have not called that what that it is as we are not prepared to give the rest of our 2012 guidance.
Robert Barry – UBS: Right. The new debt that you are taking on, did you say that you are going to use it to replace existing debt?
Larry Kingsley : That’s exactly right. We are using it term out about $350 million of our current bank facility and there is an incremental impact from that albeit we’ll get good 10-year interest rates.
Robert Barry – UBS: Gotcha. Okay. And then I guess just finally, I wanted to dig into FMT a little bit more. Looks like some really good momentum there. I was wondering if you could just give a little bit more color on what you think is driving that. And in particular in the chemicals area, we’ve been hearing a lot about potential opportunities in US chemical infrastructure build to -- given all of the cheap gas. That’s probably more in the future, but I was wondering if you could comment on that as well? Thanks.
Larry Kingsley: You are on it, Robert. I would tell you though that what we are seeing against the existing profile that drove that 14% for the segment for the quarter and as you remember a bigger number in the first quarter, it’s pretty broad based. We saw healthy orders and we think we continue to see healthy orders in certainly the chemical end markets but also energy. Ag is doing fantastically well. When you go right through it all of the food looks quite good right now for us. The piece that is somewhat anemic relative to the rest is water which you would expect, but even water is growing for us. And if you break it down, there is a pretty different story for the US portion versus the international piece and when you do the math, it’s something like 7% of the company revenue exposure is for US water. So that’s kind of the trouble area, if you will, within FMT. Everything else is quite good. To get back to your question on where it’s coming from, what’s within the chemical end markets, so far what we’ve seen is the US chemical orders have been largely MRO. There is not much big project activity in that. The international portion of what we are seeing out of chemical for FMT has been much more project driven with continued expansion and more projects on the books right now. So if there is infrastructure expansion and the word is that there is some coming in 2012, in the US that would be a layer on top of what the current profile would suggest.
Robert Barry – UBS: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Larry Kingsley : Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo: Hi, good morning.
Larry Kingsley : Hi.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo: Hi. Can you just -- I know you touched on the acquisitions a little bit. Just a little bit more color in terms of the pipeline, maybe pricing, what you are seeing out there right now?
Larry Kingsley : Sure, Allison. I think frankly for us, it’s almost never been better. We’ve got a number of ongoing very solid proprietary transactions in various stages and we can afford to be really choosy as to which ones we chase. The strategic focus is, as I said in the last call, I think still short term executing on very key HST acquisitions, but we also have some very attractive FMT things that we think are high likelihood of getting close this year. So you’ll see us between now and the end of the year continue to generate some very, very nice returns on some very meaningful strategic elements to both FMT and HST. I’m not going to comment very specifically on pricing, Allison, for maybe obvious reasons, but we are very pleased with what we are finding.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. And then just on the orders, I know all the concerns with [FlowNomics] can you just talk about the progression of orders maybe three -- quarter and maybe touch on July, if you can?
Larry Kingsley : On a company wide basis, orders -- organic orders increased through the quarter, so a little less linear than we’ve seen over the last few quarters. What we are seeing generally speaking right now is that still a fair amount of volatility and a lot of desire operationally to place orders later with the assumption that we can fulfill or any good supplier can fulfill. So there is hesitancy, in many cases, to place blankets and we see those as some of perturbations on what you find year-over-year, HST being certainly the primary example this quarter. I do think though that we are starting to fall into a little bit more normal book-to-bill kind of environment and so while things are compressing slightly right now in the middle part of this year because essentially working off bigger order commitments in Q4 and Q1, we -- what we see Allison looking into the back half is that you get to a little bit more of a normalized order and sales relationship and not to go too far into this, but our internal forecast still supports the same kind of perspective that we have for HST at the beginning of the year and an improved one for FMT.
Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo: Great. Thank you.
Larry Kingsley:  Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Wendy Caplan with SunTrust.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust:  Hello. Good morning. 
Larry Kingsley : Hi, Wendy.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust: You know, Larry, I was looking back this morning and at some of the peak margins that you posted notably in FMT and HST and back in at the prior peak in 2007 they were at 21%, 22%. Can you -- is there any reason why we can’t get back there and given that an additional part of that question – you’ve cited that you are making growth investments in your business, which of course from a strategic standpoint makes a whole lot of sense. But is that going to keep us from getting back to those peaks or how should we think about that?
Larry Kingsley: Wendy, start with the reasons for as why we perhaps wouldn’t get back to there is one, we are growing internationally much faster than domestically and a lot of companies are obviously struggling with realizing margins in emerging markets at the same kind of rates that they have seen historically in the developed markets. We are not. We are actually seeing really strong margin as a function of basically the same business model and we are very pleased. I would tell you I’m really happy with what we are seeing year-to-date and what we have going forward coming out of the fastest growing markets around the world in terms of P&L profile. So that looks good. When you get right down to what other impacts you have to organic flow-through in this environment you still -- if the economy does grow you still have the potential for inflation adversely impacting the performance and we historically had always been hovering around kind of 200 bps or maybe just 200 bps of price per year off of relatively stable material incoming costs. We are not quite back to that formula yet, but it looks like we are coming back to it. In the quarter we were -- price was probably about 130 bips year-over-year for the base business and as I said in the remarks, we think we have got material costs well in hand now for the full year. So there’s a little bit of improvement necessary to get back to that kind of incremental flow-through math that we saw pre ‘09. The infrastructure or internal IDEX SG&A investments aren’t going to inhibit our ability to get back to peak margins at all. The only thing when you link about the company all up that certainly does impact it is the degree of acquisition content that comes in at any given point in time because of the amortization math that comes with that. So, in a given quarter, you are going to have the impact of chunks of acquisitions that come in a GAAP EPS form that are certainly much lower than the rate that you could see out of the base business.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you so much. And one more question. Given -- I think you called that the mix to macro view or something like that in your press release last night, as you look at sort of scope the world here, your world, are you making contingency plans for a downturn for something more dramatic than what we are seeing at this point? What are those and what’s going to make that happen? Are you on that path at this point or holding off or how are you thinking about that?
Larry Kingsley : What we are doing, Wendy and we’ll talk more about it next quarter, but we are simultaneously going after internal footprint costs at the same time investing in the business. So, I think the requirement now for leadership is to be somewhat schizophrenic. We are aggressively investing where we think the profile of the business needs to be. At the same time, we’re certainly aggressively going after costs to make sure that we can support the investments. So, you’ll continue to see us go after what our, you know, all of the cost components and certainly going after the western world pretty aggressively to support what we want to do to go to the higher growth markets.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust: Okay. Thank you very much, Larry.
Larry Kingsley: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Graham with Jeffries.
Scott Graham : Hi. Good morning.
Jefferies & Co.: Hi. Good morning.
Larry Kingsley:  Hi, Scott.
Scott Graham : Hey, one housekeeper and one more Broad question. How much of this $3.7 million of acquisition expenses was in FMT versus HST versus corporate? 
Jefferies & Co.: Hey, one housekeeper and one more Broad question. How much of this $3.7 million of acquisition expenses was in FMT versus HST versus corporate? 
Heath Mitts: Scott, this is Heath. It all resides in corporate.
Scott Graham : All in corporate. Okay. That probably answers my next question. Historically, we go back in time, we see the corporate overhead running in there sort of 2.5 to 3 range and now we’re kind of running in that 3 to 3.5 range and this year actually kind of more towards the 3.5. Should we kind of expect that because of acquisition related expenses or is there something else going on there?
Jefferies & Co.: All in corporate. Okay. That probably answers my next question. Historically, we go back in time, we see the corporate overhead running in there sort of 2.5 to 3 range and now we’re kind of running in that 3 to 3.5 range and this year actually kind of more towards the 3.5. Should we kind of expect that because of acquisition related expenses or is there something else going on there?
Larry Kingsley:  The actual, I’ll say fixed overhead of the corporate piece has not changed markedly over the past couple of years. It’s really tied to specific transactions when we are active in a diligent phase or a completion phase of those deals. So what you are seeing here year-to-date have been very specific to the deals that we’ve closed this year, ATFilms, Microfluidics and CVI.
Scott Graham : Okay. So given your comments about the pipeline in the second half in 2012, we really shouldn’t see that number come off much on a percent-to-sales basis?
Jefferies & Co.: Okay. So given your comments about the pipeline in the second half in 2012, we really shouldn’t see that number come off much on a percent-to-sales basis?
Larry Kingsley: It’s going to be very specific to timing of when transactions get completed.
Scott Graham : Completion, I see. Okay. Then, I guess, the last question would be and you know, kind of a housekeeper at least for me, you guys are still in that maybe this is more of a question for you Larry $20 million, $25 million of productivity costs take out in 2011, that’s still on track?
Jefferies & Co.: Completion, I see. Okay. Then, I guess, the last question would be and you know, kind of a housekeeper at least for me, you guys are still in that maybe this is more of a question for you Larry $20 million, $25 million of productivity costs take out in 2011, that’s still on track?
Larry Kingsley: A big picture, yeah. I think -- what we’re sorting out again in a fully disclosed sense here is how much backdoor material cost inflation is still inherent within the material or procurement portion of our annual savings plan and needs to get netted out of what we are seeing in the way of total strategic sourcing savings. And so that math is a little bit different now than it was in the good old days.
Scott Graham : Understood. That was all I had. Thank you, both.
Jefferies & Co.: Understood. That was all I had. Thank you, both.
Larry Kingsley:  Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Your next question is from Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Market.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Larry Kingsley: Good morning.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Could you -- just back on the sales question again, specifically on HST on the organic number and I wanted to make sure I understand your commentary on the answer to the question, the core sales or the organic sales rate on that business in particular is kind of is down about a 4% rate down from 8, down from, you know, higher about that. Obviously, it’s comping harder. But what is your expectation? Are we kind of entering a normalized mid-single digit core growth rate for that business or where do you see kind of core growth rate out over next 12 or 18 months HST?
Larry Kingsley:  We’re still, as I said, we are still assuming HST core growth rate at double digits. Could it slip a point? Perhaps. But it’s, you know, it’s still pretty close to what we’ve talked about in essentially year-to-date. I wouldn’t get overly hung up on what you look at in the year-over-year comparables for HST. As I said, in the prepared remarks some of that’s blanket timing. There’s probably 3.5 points of blanket timing when you look at year-over-year. And when we look at sequential orders for HST, Q1 to Q2, not radically different than the order profile that we’ve seen historically, so that trend is not any different. And I think that if you look at the -- kind of the sub-segment breakdown of the end markets, we certainly expect very strong performance out of all the life science exposure. And basically, everything -- the only question I’ve got as we look forward is what’s going to come out of that medical capital equipment portion of HST that we serve? That’s where we’ve seen more and a movement of the blankets, the OEM blankets than we had anticipated. So we’ll know more certainly a quarter from now. But we’re not expecting it to terribly adversely impact HST for this year, nor for that matter going into next.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. And on switching gears, the Dispensing business -- obviously, with more acquisitions it becomes a smaller and smaller piece of the business, less and less core. What are your thoughts on that business if it doesn’t become divested at some point of rolling it in under something else so it doesn’t, so it’s not always standalone business any more?
Heath Mitts: That could happen. 
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Next question is from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc: Good morning. A couple questions. First, Larry, can you give us a little more granularity? Your organic sales growth was 8%, I believe, in the quarter. Can you talk about what the U.S. growth rate was, year up in emerging markets for all of IDEX kind of bracketing around that 8%?
Larry Kingsley: Yeah. Essentially, U.S. growth rate for the company was about a third of the rest of the world, simple terms, a third of the faster growing markets. And I think that profile is pretty close to what we’re going to see for the full year. Think about the U.S. growing at kind of the 4% range organically, the rest of the world growing three times that pace and emerging markets growing off the charts.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc: And how would you characterize Europe then as well?
Larry Kingsley: Europe is actually good. In total, northern Europe for our market and for our content is positioned as very strong. And we don’t have very much that we think is diversely impacted in southern Europe. Even our Italian business has got pretty strong global position so a good chunk of it gets exported. So I think, for us, for the full year, Europe will be a pretty healthy story.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc: I mean, you gave some detail around kind of what you were seeing, developed markets, emerging markets on the chemical side of FMT. Can you do the same for the energy side of the business and fold into that, you know, MRO versus project?
Larry Kingsley: Sure. We saw a better project content in energy in the first quarter than we saw this past quarter. But we’ve got nice things on the docket frankly right now for the back half of the year. So I don’t know if I’d assign trends to any of that as much as it is, just some of the things that we’ve got that we’re working on. Strong international growth, very strong, U.S. would follow that same pattern I just spoke to with respect to the whole company. Again, we’re midstream. So we’re not going to see the super high organic contribution that the companies have got more upstream content are seeing here for the short term. We tend to see a better performance in down markets given where we play and not such -- so much fantastic upstream content, high growth in the cyclical portion of the market that you’re seeing right now from that respective area.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc: Outside of maybe some of the buy ahead you did from a large or component standpoint, can you talk more about the inventory issues that sort of impacted the free cash flow number and whether those have been resolved and kind of what led to that, I guess?
Larry Kingsley: Yeah. Sure. So as I said, maybe just to help you with some math. Think about, we probably should have generated a free cash number in the quarter of 55 million or better. So you’re bridges 55 to 46 as a minimum, potentially, that’s entirely inventory to keep it simple. There are other very small puts and takes but it’s basically inventory. And that comes down to from what we did over that 90-day period to about half of that roughly was understood, known, even approved in many cases in advance as investment to make sure we locked in capability and capacity, where we thought we were facing some shortage. And another good chunk within that, understood and predetermined half was to achieve appropriate pricing given what was pretty volatile, particularly metals commodity activity earlier in the year. The other few million now that I spoke to that is not stuff that we predetermined and planned for and frankly, wasn’t good process was, I think, a bit of overreaction on the various folks throughout the company seeing tremendous volatility in both demand patterns and ability of the supply chain to support that, to ensure that we didn’t miss our on-time delivery commitments to our customers and we were bidding entirely very hard through the first quarter making sure that OTD for the company was at a minimum of 90% to customer request if not shooting for 95%. So I think we got a tab, kind of overreacted, if you will, with respect to how we make sure that was satisfied. If you look at the back half of the year, I think you’ll see a more typical IDEX free cash equation generated and that will allow us to achieve certainly much stronger performance. We already -- I think we’re going to see it here in Q3 and in Q4. So there’s no mystery as to what we need to do. It’s just a, kind of a, bit of counter measure required due to the overreaction from early in the year.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc: Great. That’s helpful. Thanks Larry.
Larry Kingsley: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Meyer with Robert W. Baird.
Brian Meyer – Robert W. Baird: Hi, guys. If I could start off with a question on HST orders, kind of revisit in the commentary in the sequential pattern. You mentioned, it’s not that different than normal. And I guess, I just want to clarify that. Is that kind of what you would expect to see just seasonally, just a little bit flat to down organically?
Larry Kingsley: Yeah and again, you have to go back to when it was normal because it goes back a couple years now. But typically, HST is blanket heavy earlier in the year and so you see that book to bill strongest in the first part of the year. It flattens out through the middle part of the year and tends to get a little stronger in the back and fourth quarter.
Brian Meyer – Robert W. Baird: Okay. So you’re clear than you’ve not real seen any change in the tender from your major customers on that side in the outlook?
Larry Kingsley: No. Again, the life science OEM customer base is still talking very strong demand. Again, we’re gaining share pretty quickly globally and so even if their numbers are mid-single digit, I feel confident that we can achieve double digit. The only portion of the HST space I think is one we got to keep our eye on is some of the medical, kind of the dental, capital equipment markets that we serve principally it’s out of our guest product line. Those are coming in a little lumpier than we would like right now, still strong book and turn but lumpier performance relative to what we saw the first part of the year.
Brian Meyer – Robert W. Baird: Got it. Make sense. And then, just one more I guess on the growth investments specifically relative to FMT, is it possible to kind of back into what may be a more normalized incremental margin would have looked like if you kind of account for the growth investment and then I guess, kind of, related to that, what is the expectation going forward. I assume that number is kind of the growth investment sustainable, but I guess let me know if that’s not the case?
Larry Kingsley: Well, let’s see. How’s is -- I’m thinking about the best way to answer that question. I think, you just ought to assume that FMT is going to continue to expand margin based on what looks to be good mix here for the next few quarters, good leverage. They are getting nice flow through and I don’t see any reason why that changes too tremendously.
Brian Meyer – Robert W. Baird: Fair enough. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Larry Kingsley: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question is from Chris Wiggins with Oppenheimer.
Chris Wiggins – Oppenheimer: Good morning.
Larry Kingsley: Good morning.
Chris Wiggins – Oppenheimer: Just a couple of quick ones. First one, you noted some pricing action in the quarter. I was just wondering if you may have seen any pull forward from customers ahead of the price increase?
Larry Kingsley: Most of the price action started in February and we’re well in place going into the quarter. So you wouldn’t see a sales impact in the quarter that was a pull forward from Q3.
Chris Wiggins – Oppenheimer: Okay. That’s helpful. And just last question I had, just wondering if you could provide some color on your businesses and the strength of your businesses versus your expectations. And I guess, what I’m trying to get is when you look across all of your different businesses, does it look like it’s more of a mixed bag now where some are running below plan, some are running better than plan and most of them are kind of running in line with your expectations versus may be a couple quarters ago where it seems everything was kind of beat and raise. Is that a fair characterization?
Larry Kingsley: Yeah. I would say that I think we feel good, very good about where the businesses are, generally speaking relative to plan and relative to the market trends that we see. To give you some color, so if you go back to the fourth quarter and earlier in the year, we called out -- we said roughly 80% of the end markets we thought would be quite strong, 20% not so great. That’s better versus worse number is improving. So what’s not great is North American water. That’s about 7% or so of the company. Fire which is -- or the U.S. portion of that which is 3% of the company and Dispensing if you think about and can give me all these kind of pro forma thinking about with CVI included but Dispensing probably you know, down to six or so in the third quarter. So you add those up and you get to whatever that is, 15, 16 points on the top line for which I think it’s not good. But we knew it was going to be not good. What’s improved and we feel incrementally better about is the breadth and health of what we’re seeing out of FMT.
Chris Wiggins – Oppenheimer: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Larry Kingsley: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Barbalato with Vertical Research Partners.
Mark Barbalato – Vertical Research Partners: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I wanted to get a little bit more color on price cost. It sounds like you guys were capturing more price than you were realizing cost on raw materials. Can you just give us a little bit more granularity?
Larry Kingsley: Actually, no. It came in for the quarter pretty close to what we’ve assumed, what we’ve seen changed from the earlier portion of the year is that volatility in most of the commodities that comprise our material cost structure have somewhat -- it’s kind of subsiding and it’s going to be, I think, a little better frankly in terms of total costs as we work our way through the back half than what our internal plans had assumed but not tremendously different. The areas that we’re still seeing material cost inflation and even still some slight risk of availability are specialty plastics, it’s the fluoropolymers or fluoroplastics that we buy that are used in pumps and valves and both FMT and HST and also in some of our seals products and those are still areas of concern. We buy, you know, really magnet material for mag drive pumps and by way of our motor suppliers and those prices are still going to be high for the full year but that’s really all off a small portion of our total spend. I think on the input side, its stabilizing is the bottom line and it’s not stabilizing in a bad way. I think it’s now more forecastable for the back half and I think it helps with certainly what we see as a good cost position for the current base for the rest of the year. On the price side, we’ve achieved pretty close to what we had planned and as I said in the quarter, up about 130 BIPs and that’s probably representative of what you can assume and model for the back half. So I think that we’re, kind of what we thought we were and we’re in pretty good shape.
Mark Barbalato – Vertical Research Partners:  So the back half of the year should be close to parity on price costs?
Larry Kingsley: Yeah.
Mark Barbalato – Vertical Research Partners:  Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Larry Kingsley: Sure.
Operator: Your final question is from Walt Liptak with Barrington.
Walt Liptak – Barrington: Hi, thanks.
Larry Kingsley: Hi, Walt.
Walt Liptak – Barrington: Hi. Okay. So I got on the call a little bit late but I wanted to ask about -- and thank you very much for the second half bridge. When I look at the organic volume, the 26 million to 33 million and if I’m adding the numbers right, it looks like you’re expecting organic volume growth of about 4% in the back half.
Larry Kingsley: Before you take out Dispensing. 
Heath Mitts: Walt, this is Heath. This is the incremental amount over and above Q1 or I’m sorry the first half, the incremental amount over and above the first half. So whatever the first half organic assumption is plus this would get you to an organic sales rate. So our assumption set for the year for the company is that organic revenue will still be in the high single digits.
Walt Liptak – Barrington: Okay. Great. And I got on the call a little bit late and it’s probably easier doing it right now. Could you run through the organic orders by segment, just the numbers?
Heath Mitts: Sure, I’ll take you real quick. Fluid and Metering is plus. Let me get the right sheet. Fluid and Metering orders were up 14, Health and Science, they were up four, Dispensing down 21, Fire & Safety up eight.
Walt Liptak – Barrington: Okay. Great. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: There are no further questions. I’d like to turn the call back to management to continue the presentation and for any closing remarks.
Larry Kingsley: Okay. Well, thank you very much. Thank you for joining. I think we’ve -- by way of the prepared remarks and the questions basically covered it very completely. We’re in great shape as we look from this point through the back half of the year. The revenue looks strong and we’re achieving great throw flow through as we would have expected. So thank you for joining and we look forward to talking to you through the course of the quarter and on the next call.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-20 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Heath Mitts - VP of Corporate Finance Larry Kingsley - Chairman and CEO Dom Romeo - VP and CFO
Analysts: Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Tom Brinkman - BMO Capital Markets Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Walt Liptak - Barrington Research
Operator: Good day and welcome everyone to the IDEX Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Heath Mitts, Vice President of Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, sir.
Heath Mitts: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter 2009 financial results. Yesterday, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending September 30, 2009. The press release along with presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on your company website, at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Larry Kingsley, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dom Romeo, Vice President and CFO. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with an update on our overall performance for the quarter, and then provide detail on our four business segments. We will then wrap-up with an outlook for the fourth quarter of 2009 and a brief update on innovation. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 888-203-1112 and entering conference ID 2354138, or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our Chairman and CEO, Larry Kingsley.
Larry Kingsley: The majority of our end markets have stabilized and we're seeing some of those markets now beginning to improve. Overall, our third quarter results were very strong, and accordingly, we raised our full year guidance to $1.44 to $1.46. During the third quarter, we experienced the benefit of a pick up in global infrastructure spend in the energy and water businesses, and several of the product categories otherwise across the company are also seeing better order rates. The shorter cycle businesses are seeing early signs of a return to growth. Conversely, we expect that some end markets will remain slow for the foreseeable future. The chemical end markets, the paint producers, the Dispensing business, which is the retail capital equipment for paint and a couple of others will be flat to down sequentially in the coming quarter. Daily order rates clearly indicate that the worst is behind us, and while still erratic, they are trending upward. However, we do anticipate that many of our customers will shut down for two weeks at yearend, and therefore, we are assuming a shorter quarter from a comparison standpoint. Our operating performance through the bottom has been very strong. We've improved our customer service levels, protected our margins and we continue to generate outstanding cash flow. Full year adjusted operating margins should be 15%. Full year free cash should exceed 150% of net income. As I mentioned during last quarter's call, our new products and market initiatives are on track, and I'll outline a few of those examples of our organic initiatives as I wrap-up. In general, though, coming out of this we are in great shape to realize profitable growth as our end markets continue to improve, our balance sheet is strong and we have the organizational bench to acquire both domestically and overseas. I'm going to turn over to slide four, the one that's titled Q3 2009 Financial Performance. For the quarter, orders were down 4% and that's down 9% organically. Sale were down 12% and down 17% organically. Third quarter adjusted operating margin of 15.2% was down 290 basis points with the revenue decline, but the impact of lower volume was partially offset by the ongoing cost containment and structural actions that we've taken year-to-date. The adjusted EPS of $0.39 for the quarter was down 25% and free cash flow and IDEX quarterly record was $78 million. Year-to-date, our free cash flow to net income conversion is 175% and our working capital management has been just outstanding. Again, our operating teams have responded well to the challenges and we look forward to continued progress as our strong cash generation facilitates our future growth. Overall, I'm pleased with our performance despite the challenging market conditions. We've been able to deliver solid profit performance as a testament to our ability to maintain a flexible cost structure as we continue to focus on expanding market share and reinvesting in the business. Now I'm going to flip over and walk through the segments. For the Fluid and Metering segment, orders were down 1% in the quarter. Organic orders were down 12%. Sales decreased 8%, that's down 19 on an organic basis. Adjusting operating margin of 16.8% was down 390 basis points from Q3 of '08. With regard to the FMT end markets, as I mentioned earlier, our energy business is benefiting from strong international demand in the areas of both power generation and in the oil and gas segment. Sequentially, we expect to see improvements in the fourth quarter, and we expect global project activity to drive growth as we move into 2010. Our water business, also as a segment, is also seeing some very nice sequential improvement. As you know, our business model consists of projects that address regulation-driven activity associated with wastewater treatment. Many of them have been bottlenecked awaiting federal funding, the impact of which has been slow to reach the market. However, we did see some improvement in municipal funding releases during the third quarter. Additionally, we expect growth to be further supported by continued global project activity. As a result, we anticipate that modest sequential growth will be the case for the fourth quarter and its good news on the horizon here. At the other end of the FMT market spectrum, our sales to the chemical end markets again were down the most in the quarter, and we expect the chemical markets to be down slightly sequentially as we go into the fourth quarter. This business has stabilized and we're seeing the very beginning of increased daily order rates here as well. In summary, for the Fluid and Metering segment, we are pretty bullish about the short and long term in the energy and water pieces of the segment. We are taking a little bit more of a wait-and-see posture for the rest of the segment. Turning over to Health and Science, the Health and Science segment totals orders were down 1% for the quarter, and that was down 7% organically. Sales were down 8% in total and down 13% organically. Our core analytical instrumentation and life sciences business, which represents about 60% of the segment, was down just slightly, while the remaining more industrially exposed HST businesses experienced a significant year-over-year decline that's north of about 20. Operating margin of 20.1% was only down 120 basis points compared to the prior year, and that's entirely due to the lower revenue. For the fourth quarter of 2009, we expect that the HST segment will be flat to growing sequentially. The core HST businesses should see modest growth, while the non-core, more industrially expected portion of HST is expected to be sequentially down just a bit. For the long term, our core Health and Science business will benefit from increased NIH and other federal government sponsored spend for research and development. Our OEM customers in the segment are anticipating an acceleration of demand as we head into 2010. We continue to invest in new technology to enable next-generation instrumentation development. The bottom-line is that we're well positioned in the markets we like, the ones that we're serving in the segment and we expect reasonable growth as we head into next year. In Dispensing on slide seven, total orders in the quarter were down 1% organically. They are up 3%. Sales decreased 19 and organically sales were down 15%. Operating margin of 1.2% was down 180 basis points compared to the prior year due to the lower revenue. Unfortunately, underlying market conditions in the segment in both North America and Europe remain soft. Last quarter, we spoke about the national market drivers that dictate system upgrades or replacement. Those drivers are the new paint chemistries and the color combination that are initiated by the paint suppliers, but they're also the requirements that are driven by the machine users to enable ease of use. While we are supplying system upgrades retrofits and replacements as a function of those new paint products, order activity in the US retail channel continues to be challenged and the European market is still pretty sluggish as well. As we move into Q4, we expect further sequential declines, primarily due to the lack of significant retail projects over the next couple months. While we do not foresee any big short-term programs, the overall market drivers will continue to support upgrade requirements and replacement activity, and we're confident that the cost actions that we've taken to size the Dispensing business, positions us very well to ensure profitability and strong cash generation. The business, even in this environment, to put in perspective, is positioned to achieve mid teens operating profit on a full year basis. I'm moving now to Fire and Safety, slide eight. For the quarter, total orders were down 14%. That's down 11% organically. Sales were down 19%, organically down 16. Operating margin at 24.4% was down just 90 basis points compared to last year, primarily due to lower volume. Global product demand for rescue tools drove performance in the third quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect rescue tools to grow sequentially due to strong global activity, most notably in China where the disaster management continues to be an emerging focus and the area of spend within their central government. The new products that are working well in our adjacent markets have also enabled us to gain share in total and to further expand our global footprint. Fire suppression experienced a slowdown in order activity as anticipated due to the municipal budgetary constraints in North America. For the fourth quarter, we expect that the North American fire market will be further challenged as a result of continued pressure in the muni budget. As anticipated, we saw improvement in the third quarter for BAND-IT in the segment due to new project wins and share gain. The band clamping daily order rates have also improved. For the fourth quarter, we expect band clamping markets to grow on a sequential basis. In total, for the segment, for Fire and Safety, we expect very modest growth sequentially in the fourth quarter. Moving on to slide nine, our guidance, we expect again that full year EPS will be in the $1.44 to $1.46 range. Full year organic growth is projected to be down approximately 15%. FX at current rates will have a negative impact to sales of approximately 2%, and then acquisitions add back 5% to 6%. Adjusted operating margins should finish the year at approximately 15%, as I said. Our earnings projections exclude the estimate for additional severance of about $0.02 in the fourth quarter. Our full year CapEx will be 24 million to 25 million, and we will continue to convert cash very well in excess of 150% of net income. For the fourth quarter, our EPS range is $0.35 to $0.37. Within that, organic growth will be down about 12. We expect FMT, HST and Fire and Safety to be flat to growing modestly sequentially and Dispensing to be down versus the third quarter. As far as other modeling items, our Q4 tax rate should be anticipated at 34%. Again, to be clear, we've seen order rates in most of our non-project type businesses improve over the past few months. We're not anticipating a slowdown, but we are also taking a view that at yearend, a number of customers may take two weeks as shut downs, hence, the view of the fourth quarter. Now, before we go into Q&A, I'll take a few minutes just to characterize the current state of the company. Across the company, our new product initiatives are on track and our ability to move quickly through a number of restructuring initiatives set the stage for 2010. Our focus, as always, is innovation to enable organic growth and then capital deployment to acquire new growth opportunities. We think we're in great shape relative to most of our competition. Due to the course of the recession, we continued to invest in R&D and in new market development. On a year-over-year basis, our R&D spend in '09 will actually be up 10%. In Fluid and Metering, we continue to grow our global presence in the energy markets through a variety of new initiatives. Our Systems Group in Europe is winning skid-based applications in developing markets and in the reconstruction regions fair. We've also further developed our military end segment by way of some turnkey systems capability that can be shipped in to serve energy distribution requirements, and our relatively new Middle East sales team has succeeded in winning several roles, both energy and water projects in the region. The new leak detection products and services enable us to differentiate our capabilities to go after capital programs that are aimed at water conservation, so good news that I think portrays a good 2010 for energy and water. In similar form within Fluid and Metering, capital spend in the food and beverage industry is projected to grow nicely over the next three years. We've introduced a suite of new pump technologies that enables efficient clean and place service advantages to the end users of our products, and we position the products again to incumbent technology that requires up to three times the time to service those systems. In our Health and Science segment, the analytical instrumentation, biotechnology and in-vitro diagnostic markets continue to require faster throughput, higher precision and improved accuracy. The pharmaceutical industry is investing increasingly in biologics versus the small molecule research and production. One of the key elements to enabling efficient sample processing in the large molecular or protein-based research applications is the ability to operate at very high pressures. High pressure always enables better separation and faster sample throughput, but it's even more critical in these emerging pharma and biotech applications. The new IDEX product development both is aimed at new component development, but also integrated solutions that enable up to 18,000 PSI performance for these systems. We've talked before about our Integrated Solutions Group. Here, again, the ability to work with leading instrumentation providers by helping them solve for their issues with the fluid path is improving their product design and it's also decreasing their time to offer new product to the market. Also in the Health and Science segment, our Semrock business, it's had success with the new BrightLine Multiband fluorescence filter sets. These are award winning filters that enable life science customers to simultaneously excite and capture high contrast optic overlays of up to four different fluorescent images, and thereby, they save significant experimental time and expense. Semrock is expanding the number of fluorescent dye combination that can be imaged in a white light microscope system and recently launched a new set of multiband filters specifically designed to unlock the resolution capabilities of laser-based fluorescence. The point here is not to run you through a laundry list of product innovation, but just to give you a sense really of the following. We haven't stopped innovating. We continue to believe that niche market development is one of our core capabilities. It's never been more important than now to position us well as the economy returns. Our view is that having a very broad end market exposure but tied to a clear core competence allows us excellent maneuvering capabilities as we move forward. The company is focused on strengthening our exposure to the BRIC countries, but also on the other developing countries of the world. As you know, we have a global footprint, but it's also a very flexible manufacturing model. We don't have to spend months tooling up or configuring operations or supply chain to get at new opportunities. We, again, continue to invest in new product. New sales, be they from adjacent segments or new geographies, basically should flow through the existing cost structure at a very profitable incremental rate. If you think about it, the point is the economy is recovering and we think some end markets will outperform others next year, some countries will as well for that matter. Our strategy is to migrate capital in all forms to take advantage of the best growth opportunities, which we will. I am going to get off my soapbox here. Operator, we're going to open the line for questions around the quarter and also our outlook for Q4.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Mike Schneider with Robert W. Baird.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: I think the most encouraging aspect to me is the Fluid and Metering orders this quarter being down just 1% on a year-over-year, and when 3Q last year was a pretty good quarter. I realize energy which presumably is liquid controls and then the water businesses you mentioned are stronger, but, do you sense that this is more distributor-related, is it project-related, any color you can give us. Then I guess presumably orders in Q4 are going to be positive, just again how sustainable this is and your gut feel for the underlying strength of the business, or indeed is it just unique projects coming through?
Larry Kingsley: Mike, it's a combination of the two. We did see a broad-based order bottoming certainly in the quarter and daily rates improved pretty nicely from the distribution base in the US and in Europe during the quarter. Some of the improvements though later in the quarter and orders did come from some of the larger projects that I spoke to, referred to anyway that came out of regions of the world that we haven't historically served. Probably I want to think about those as not one-off because there's more to follow. Frankly, it comes down to the ability to serve some of these larger programs with the energy suite of products, the liquid control suite of products, which includes Toptech as you probably remember. Couple years ago we wouldn't have been under position either bid on some of these and frankly not only we successfully bid, but we're winning. If you want to model it economically, I think you'd say that some of what you're seeing reflected in terms of organic orders in the quarter is, there's a decent, solid foundation, the process across the segment to the distribution base and the smaller OEM base, but some of the spikiness, the improvement we saw late in the quarter did come out as a specific projects and we think we'll see some more of those to follow as we move into new year.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: In the water projects that you've seen, are these domestic or European? Secondly, are these projects that you were in touch with already late last year that were shelved or indeed are these new [ROKs] coming out?
Larry Kingsley: The water projects have been on the radar screen for some time. We've been tracking the ones that we're seeing as wins now for better than nine months. The wins came out of a combination of the US and the Middle East, actually. There wasn't any significant project, water project wins in Western Europe in the quarter, but we are seeing again in this case, the acquisition of ADS with leak monitoring and protection being the biggest differentiator, opportunities to bid on programs that historically our water business wouldn't have participated in. We'll see not just some service revenue out of these but good product pull-through from the FMT product content as we get more of these. If you think about what's happening domestically in the water projects, for the most part what we're seeing is federal dollars replacing local and state dollars. In some cases, there's a little bit of incremental spend versus what the local or state allocation has been, but it's not federal incremental to the project dollars that had been planned either on the local or state basis.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Just on flow through; if you look sequentially your flow through was only about a negative 5% and the revenue decline of about $13 million, obviously very impressive. Can you just describe what's different in the cost structure looking from Q1 to Q2 when you did over 40%, even over 50% incrementals on the way up sequentially, and then now just down 5% on lower seasonal revenue in Q3. I'm curious as some of the moving parts that would have benefited Q3 much more than Q2.
Larry Kingsley: It's the continuation of the cost actions coming out through the course of the year. On a year-to-date basis, you'd see in both quarters, obviously sequentially more impressive even as you just said from Q2 to Q3. The body of the cost coming out is structural actions that we talked about. This is not one-time furlough kinds of activities that add back in 2010 or for that matter whenever we see the revenue line, pick up again. These are integrated plans where we get both SG&A saving as well as direct cost improvement. I think we're also seeing a little bits of benefit from material cost improvement through the course of the year, but the bottom-line is that cost actions taken ought to play it pretty nicely as we go into the next year.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Conceptually now, if we look out several years into this recovery, your revenue peak last year just shy at $1.5 billion. If you were to re-achieve that rate in whatever year we forecast, what do you believe the permanent cost reductions have been to get there? If you were operating again at $1.5 billion, how much do you think you've taken out permanently from the cost structure?
Larry Kingsley: We still refer back to the numbers that we've talked about on a year-to-date basis. Earlier in the year, we talked about a target of 40 to 45. We are getting every bit of that, certainly toward the high end of that. Clearly, bottom-build identified cost improvement in structural on a current basis of 45, and we are still working obviously to optimize where we stand going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: It feels that FMT might have the best kind of recovery prospects next year. Just first comment, maybe if that's fair, but the other part of the question is, as markets recover how do we think about the outgrowth dynamic there relative to whatever the markets do?
Larry Kingsley: I would just say maybe in reverse order to the two parts of your question. I think the operational execution is in very good shape. I'm very pleased with how we're doing. You could see it reflected both in the P&L and working capital progress in the quarter, for that matter, year-to-date. I think the way to think about us all up is growth dollars flow-through very profitably at this point. Not to say that we're not going to continue to invest in the business, but again where we've achieved the savings this year it's been structural. It hasn't been temporary '09 actions that come back in the form of 2010 in the case of almost everything we've done. The segment-based recovery in 2010 I would tell you, I think, is on a rate basis probably led first by HST, then FMT simply from the standpoint that, as I said in our prepared remarks, the couple of the FMT end markets will lag, chemical being the largest. We'll start to see some signs of good profitability from the chemical producers depending on product category, but I think their need for capacity-based expansion, which drives the capital spend, which is what we are all about, lags probably six to nine months. We don't expect that FMT across the board has an early 2010 strong growth start. I think that energy and water within FMT, a little more than half of the segment, will have an early strong start.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Just looking at the very strong margin performance sequentially at HST and FMT, are we thinking completely right sized here and the kind of the volume differential over time is really the exclusive driver at this point?
Larry Kingsley: Essentially the short answer is yes. We're going it continue to always work some of the issues that help us with optimizing our footprint globally. By and large part for modeling sake, I think you can view current cost and the numbers that we just talked about prior question as a way to think about how we go forward sequentially.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Lastly just given a lot of the cost sizing this year across the segments, can you compare the degree of operating leverage that you'd expect?
Larry Kingsley: Pretty ratable. When you think about the actions that have been taken and you can see that in the sequential numbers too, both up and down. I think that the leverage on the upside will be basically right down to the business unit level in many cases. Within the segment depending on product margin mix more than leverage from a sequential sales growth standpoint, we ought to see pretty nice margin pick up if and when sales do grow in the respective businesses.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Tom Brinkman - BMO Capital Markets: This is actually Tom Brinkman standing in for Charlie Brady. Just wanted to ask you some things about, I guess, the Dispensing equipment. Is this the level of sales and profitability we should expect going forward about this rate or are there some unusual items that impacted the quarter?
Larry Kingsley: If you think about dispensing somewhere between the second quarter and the third quarter is the way to think about the business going forward. It's always been a lumpy business and there is a seasonality trend, and then, typically, you are not, this is one in the business. I wouldn't assume that the Q3 sales rate is certainly not more than a short-term view of the business. The way to think about the business all up is that it's always by way of project activity seen sequentially $10 million, for that matter, this year even $20 million quarter-to-quarter top-line moves. What you can see obviously when you look at the business is while the third quarter doesn't reflect steady state and full form from a cost out position that even at this pretty low sales level the business is better than breakeven. You can also see where sales sequentially picking up, flows through extremely profitably, for that matter, it's a good cash generator. Probably the other way to think about it is, if you look at year-to-date sales for this segment, it was about 104 million or 105 million. When the operating margin is mid teens, if you think about that, it's probably a pretty good profile for where the current P&L is within the business. Even on a sales volume that were annualized, if we were lower than that, I still think low to mid teens operating margin and great cash generation is the way to think about it.
Tom Brinkman - BMO Capital Markets: I apologize if you touched on this, but I didn't catch it. I was wondering where the restructuring charges were focused this quarter and what additional actions you may have planned?
Larry Kingsley: They are within each of the segments and the go-forward is kind of cleanup is the best way to characterize it. There is work to be done to finalize some of the things that were initiated through the course of the last 12 months. By and large, the bigger area projects are kind of already under belt. There is little bits of work to do in all the segments going forward.
Tom Brinkman - BMO Capital Markets: You mentioned, in term of municipal budgets, that fire suppression has been down and is expected to continue to be down, but water has seen some activity from the federal stimulus dollars. We takeaway from that the federal stimulus dollars are not having a significant impact on fire suppression, only on the water side?
Larry Kingsley: I would say, first, for sure, federal stimulus dollars are impacting water positively. As I said, not to confuse the subject, that what we've seen thus far is the projects that we've had on our target list for the last 12 months that were either locally funded, state funded, sometimes there is kind of regional project, we've seen federal dollars come in and replace those in many cases. In some cases, there's been a bit of positive. There's been an incremental spend in terms of project size as a function of the federal dollars coming in. The same is true for that matter in the UK and selectively across the Continental European country markets. We think water is going to continue to be a targeted area, priority area for spending for that matter. It's been called out in some of the US federal original stimulus package. On the fire truck side, there is not a bucket identified for equipment spend per se. There is ongoing federal money that's targeted toward equipment and we do anticipate that there will be some spend, say, that we have equipment purchases and for that matter constructing fire houses, which will necessitate equipment purchases and things of this sort. In the short term, particularly as we look through the rest of this year and early into 2010, we don't think that we'll see a large federal-based equipment spend opportunity in the US in particular. Hence, the comments about nothing federal in subsidy form there to what's going on at the local level.
Tom Brinkman - BMO Capital Markets: Last question, just geographically, where are your expectations for recovery in Europe in terms of the timing versus North America, or how the end markets outlook is?
Larry Kingsley: On an IDEX view of the world, it's tracked pretty closely. We've seen Europe actually bottom kind of in sync with the US and generally outside of the UK things stay pretty decent. It's not an issue of how far it's lagging other than the UK and that's a comment that I would make essentially across all the segments.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll now move to our next questioner, Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: Couple of questions on HST, first obviously you saw very nice sequential margin improvement in that business on slightly higher revenue. Can you talk a little more about the margin dynamic and sustainability there in the quarter? Then Larry, when do you expect the more favorable NIH budget to sort of flow through and begin the core business from IDEX in 2010.
Larry Kingsley: The team did a great job, Q2 to Q3 as you can see. Where it came from? Essentially it was two areas; one continued cost out, so same team as previously mentioned with respect to the entire company. They did a nice job, particularly in the non-core side of the business, getting costs out such that its margins weren't a real drag on the segment, and we'll see that sustained. Frankly, any improvement to the sales rate on the non-core side of HST will continue to true that up in the 20% operating margin range, so very, very good cost performance out of the team. Also mix was good, frankly, in the quarter and so now you see those sequential sales dollars generating huge margin move. Some of that is mixed and we always see within the segment sequentially that margin can move around, 150 to a couple hundred basis points, even in typical economic times. I do think though that the team with the actions taken, again, structural has the opportunity to generate, obviously in this case better than IDEX, but IDEX like operating margins on a go-forward basis. As far as the NIH spending and when we see that start to flow, I would say our customers should start to see that towards the end of this year. We by the early part of 2010 ought to be benefiting from volume rates, principally around some of the targeted areas for academic and for other forms of institutional R&D spend that the government again is focused on, and for that matter other federal governments around the world. We think that we'll see early 2010 buoyancy out of the federal dollars aimed at research and development.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc: One final question; you had indicated in your prepared remarks that your thought is some of your customers might take two weeks shutdowns at the ends of the year. I guess I am trying to get a feel for what would be sort of the normal scenario, and if there is specific end markets that you are really referring to when you address that concern?
Larry Kingsley: What we've heard thus far, Matt, from a number of OEMs and it's earlier in the quarter than would typically be the case, particularly for a broader set of OEMs that they may take the last two weeks of the year to shutdown. I think, we've got to see how that plays out right now, and you have to do some kind of a calendar, what that looks like on a sequential basis for that matter, if it's pertinent on a year-to-year basis to see how many less days there are in the quarter, but it could play out that there are four to five less days in the fourth quarter than typical or then you would think about on a typical comparative basis. I think that it's an appropriately prudent way to think about the tail end of the year where people are already thinking about shutdown to realize that the number of days available to ship is likely impacted. Beyond the OEMs and some end markets, we also think that some end users may take that time where they don't typically have the opportunities for shutdown to gain efficiencies because they don't have the number of days and the strength to do so. We'll see some of that very tail end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walt Liptak with Barrington Research.
Walt Liptak - Barrington Research: My question is on Fluid and Metering. I wondered about your comments about energy prices and strong global markets. I guess if you can compare energy to water, you talk to your customers looking like energy is stronger and maybe to dive into your fuel retailing or wholesaling part of the business, are you hearing a pickup or are you seeing a pickup in that business yet?
Larry Kingsley: We don't serve the retail end of fuel, Walt. Replay is the another point of refinery down to …
Walt Liptak - Barrington Research: That's what I meant, from the refinery out to the retailer.
Larry Kingsley: What we're seeing is project dollars committed for a number of reasons, not just because the price is supporting of it, but its global projects more than US projects but also I'd say a decent foundation of US projects that are on the docket now for the rest of the year and headed into 2010. I think a lot of its IDEX execution, frankly, versus what are commodity-based swings or crack price based opportunities and what's going on in the downstream world. We're seeing pretty solid execution again out of the fact that we've got systems capability now that we never had historically. I would tell you that energy and water both look good. As to which one looks better, I think it kind of depends on how the federal stimulus dollars continue to play through in the water side. As we currently see, the whole developed world plus the newer opportunities like the ones that I spoke to in the Middle East play out, I think that we're positioned pretty nicely, frankly.
Operator: With no further questions in queue, I'd like to turn it over to Mr. Larry Kingsley for any additional comments and closing remarks.
Larry Kingsley: Thank you everyone for joining. I think we covered it pretty well in both the prepared remarks and the Q&A. Again, as we head into the fourth quarter, we see a pretty solid foundation of the daily order rates. It gives us good cause for optimism. At the same time, we see that the quarter might be a short one. With that in mind, we think that the economy is generally moving us in the right direction. We think that our execution will ensure that. The company focuses back to how do we grow, how do we deploy capital effectively, and as we head into 2010, we're in good shape. Look forward to talking to some of you through the course of the quarter and all of you again three months from now. Thanks.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Heath A. Mitts - Vice President, Corporate Finance Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott Mike Schneider – Robert W. Baird Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Scott Graham – Ladenburg Thalmann Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Thomas Britman (ph) - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the IDEX Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Heath Mitts, Vice President of Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, sir.
Heath Mitts: Thank you, Danielle. Good morning, and thank you for joining our discussion of the IDEX second quarter 2009 financial results. Yesterday, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending June 30th, 2009. The press release, along with the presentation slides, to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Larry Kingsley, Chairman and CEO, and Dom Romeo, Vice President and CFO. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with an update on our overall performance for the quarter, and then provide detail on our four business segments. We will then wrap up with the outlook for 2009 and the third quarter. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 888-203-1112 and entering conference ID 6940348; or simply log on to our company home page for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll turn this call over to our Chairman and CEO, Larry Kingsley. Larry?
Larry D. Kingsley: Thanks, Heath. Good morning, everyone. Before we get started with the slides, I'll give you a brief update on the market conditions that we are seeing and anticipating for the remainder of the year. First, as we discussed in our last earnings call, we felt we were finding the bottom in most of our end markets, and that was indeed the case. In general, we have seen a leveling off in demand, and while year-over-year results are still unfavorable, the majority of our end markets have stabilized. In our earnings release, you have probably noted that we took down the top end of our '09 EPS guidance from $1.55 to $1.45. As you will recall from our first quarter earnings call, our forecast assumption to reach the higher end of our EPS guidance assumes some level of second half recovery. We do not see a broad-based recovery at the present time. However, we have positioned ourselves very well through the counter measures taken over the past few quarters, and we'll be in a very strong position coming out of this economic downturn. And the restructuring actions required for us to achieve our earnings guidance are essentially completed. Our operating margins have been protected, and our cash flow is very strong. So while we lowered our top end of the EPS estimates, due to strong execution, we have raised our profitability and free cash flow estimates. Adjusted operating margins should end the year near 15%. We would expect free cash flow to exceed 120% of net income. Our new products are on track. Although we have undertaken aggressive restructuring actions, we have protected our new product and growth initiatives. Our customers remain our number one focus. We have maintained or improved our market share through the downturn. In general, coming out of this, we're in great shape for profitable growth as our end markets do improve. So now I'll jump into the presentation and talk about the quarter, and I'm on the slide titled Q2 2009 Financial Performance. For the quarter, orders were down 21%, and sales were down 15%. That's down 17%, organically. First quarter adjusted operating margin of 14.9% was down 320 basis points due to the lower revenue, offset by the cost actions taken. Adjusted EPS of $0.37 for the quarter was down 31%. Free cash flow was $50 million, which included approximately $4 million of restructuring related payments, and $6 million of pension contribution, which fulfills our full year pension obligations. Overall, as I said, I'm very pleased with the results of our restructuring efforts. Despite the top line pressures, we have been able to hold our operating margins in the mid-teens, which is a direct result of our inherent flexibility in the operating model. Our operating teams have stepped up to meet the underlying market challenges and quickly right-sized our cost structure while preserving the resources to support our growth initiatives. I am also very pleased with our cash flow. Since the end of the first quarter, our inventory is down 9%. We made solid improvements in our receivables. CapEx requirements remain very IDEX-like, which is consistently $5 to $6 million per quarter, mainly to support new products and cost-reduction activities. Again, our operating teams have responded well to the challenges, and we look forward to continued progress as our strong cash generation facilitates future growth. So I'll walk through the results by segment. I am now turning to the slide number 5. For the Fluid & Metering segment, the orders are down 17% in the quarter. Organic orders are down 24%, reflecting CapEx constraints that are present in most of the process and equipment markets. Sales decreased 12%, down 20% on an organic basis. Adjusted operating margin of 17.2% was down 140 basis points from Q2 of last year. The chemical end markets, which represent about 25% of the FMT segment sales, were down the most in the quarter. Going forward, or sequentially, we expect the major chemical end markets to be flat to down slightly in the second half of '09. And with regard to the other FMT end markets, water, which is also roughly 25% of the segment, improved in the second quarter versus the first quarter. However, much of our water business is still being constrained by municipal budgets that are anticipating federal assistance. So while we have seen a very nice increase in quota activity, we are only anticipating a moderate sequential improvement in the second half of '09. As you have probably read, the federal stimulus dollars have been slow to reach the market, and we are seeing the same, with projected stimulus impact coming late in '09, and more likely in 2010. The energy end markets, again roughly 25% of the segment, have experienced less toppling pressure due to global project demand. Again, we saw modest sequential improvement in the second quarter. Going forward, our projected activity that's primarily outside the U.S. will support second half sequential growth. So in summary, for the FMT segment, energy and water should see conditions improve, albeit modestly, in the second half. The other half of the segment, chemical industrialization and the products that serve some of the food and beverage end markets, may lag in recovery given the over-capacity and lack of demand from some of those end consumers. In our Health and Science segment, total orders are down 21% for the quarter; that's down 24% organically. Sales are down 15% in total, and down 18% organically. Our core HST business, which represents about 60% of the segment, was down slightly, while the remaining, more industrially focused or exposed HST businesses had a significant year-over-year decline. Operating margin of 15.7% was down 250 basis points compared to prior year due to the lower revenue. Our outlook for HST has not changed. For the second half, we expect our core HST business to be roughly flat versus last year. However, in the 40% of the segment, which is a bit more industrially exposed, we're seeing year-to-year declines, and they will be north of 20%. All in, for HST, we expect the second half of '09 to be flat versus the first half. For the long term, our core market focus for those fluidic devices than are used in R&D applications and clinical diagnostic applications continues to provide a powerful platform for growth, and we anticipate that end market demand for the new generation of equipment and our IDEX content from that equipment will drive our growth. So in Dispensing on slide 7, total orders from the quarter were down 34%, organically down 27%. Sales decreased 19%, and organically were down 13%. Adjusted operating margin of 21.9% improved significantly versus recent quarters due to cost reductions and higher revenue. In the second quarter, we experienced the higher volume of the fulfillment of a replenishment order in the North American retail channel. This project has been largely completed. Unfortunately, the underlying market conditions, though, for both North America and Europe, remain soft. During the second quarter, we saw demand in Europe drop off significantly. One bright spot in the States, though, is that the new paint chemistries – that is, the low PLC chemistries – the environmentally safe products that are being introduced, require updated dispensing capability, and we're beginning to see system upgrades, retrofits and replacements as a function of those new paint products. We anticipate that both North America and Europe sales will benefit from required changes. The short term, as we move into to the second half of '09, we are projecting sales to decline versus the first half primarily due to no large retail projects that are committed over the next six months. In summary for the segment, no big short-term programs, but the drivers will continue to drive, upgrade through replacement, and cost actions that we have taken to size the segment accordingly, positions us well to ensure profitability and very strong cash generation. Moving now over to Fire and Safety, I am on slide eight. For the quarter, total orders were down 21%, down 16% organically. Sales were down 20%, organically were off 14%. Operating margin at 22.1% was down 230 basis points compared to prior year, and that's almost entirely due to volume As anticipated, global demand for rescue tools and fire suppression products drove performance in the second quarter. In the second half, we expect rescue tools to achieve flat to modest growth sequentially due to continued international market opportunities. The rescue tools team has done a really nice job of winning market share through new products and applications, as well as leveraging their global distribution footprint. Fire suppression had a strong first half and is expected now to remain stable through the remainder of the year, although we are keeping a close eye on the municipal spend that is uncommitted to projects in the fourth quarter of this year. The band clamping market, again within this segment, appears to have bottomed out, and although it will be a couple of quarters until we see year-over-year growth, we do anticipate second half improvement for Band-It due to largely new product wins that we already have in sight. So overall for this segment we expect flat to modest growth sequentially in the second half of '09. Now I am going to turn our attention to Guidance. Slide nine summarizes our current view. Again, EPS and the $1.35 to $1.45 range, we feel our cost actions have ensured the bottom end of our range and they have positioned us very well. Organic grown down approximately 15%. FX at current rates will have a negative impact on sales of approximately 3%, and acquisitions add 6 to 7%. Moving forward into the second half, we expect FMT, HST, and Fire and Safety to achieve flat to modest growth versus the first half of the year, and Dispensing to be down in the second half. Adjusted operating margin should finish the year near 15% for the year, and our earnings projections exclude our estimate for additional cost actions of $0.02 to $0.03 in the second half of ‘09. As far as other modeling items, the tax rate is anticipated to be 34%, and the CapEx will be $23 to $25 million for the year. We will continue to convert cash well in excess of net income. For (inaudible), our EPS range is $0.33 to $0.37, and within that organic growth is assumed to be down approximately 17%. With that, we will open the line for questions, Operator.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) The first question will come from Jim Lucas with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: With regards to the strong cash that you are generating and balance sheet in good shape, could you talk a little bit from a capital allocations standpoint where the priorities are today and where the emphasis is on particular on the M&A side. What you are seeing in the pipeline, particular areas of focus, as well as have you seen any changes in the valuations that are out there?
Larry D. Kingsley: To restate and maybe quantify, we do think we are in great shape. The balance sheet, I think, as you have already noted, has us in a great position relative to coverage ratio with net debt to cap at just under 26%. We have that as a very solid foundation. Cash flow for the quarter is indicative of the fact that we are on top of working capital. We do not see huge CapEx requirements for the remainder of the year. As a matter of fact, we look forward to the year 2010. With just a little bit of visibility, we are really pleased, frankly, with where the cash position takes us. Plenty of capacity and capability looking forward. With regard to valuations on properties, there is a little bit of dislocation right now still on the market, I would say, and that is sellers' prices versus buyers' prices are a bit off. We do see that narrowing. We do have a number of very strategic things that we are working on right now, a couple of things that we are traveling for this summer. They fit right in the square of the target of what we are after for existing segment build-out. As we think about the strategy for capital allocation, essentially we are after where the cash is flowing now as this economy does return. We like the infrastructure position that we have built out, both acquisitively and organically over the last couple of years; more of that to come, including where we would go spend acquisitively. We like the initial position that we have put in place with respect to our Ag space, which we never had prior to a couple of years ago, so there are a couple of things that make sense to compliment our initial position that is acquired there. We also like the health and science space a lot, and there is some very interesting both organic reinvestment as well as acquisitive investments there. Again, a little bit of a current price dislocation, transactional price dislocation, but things narrowing to the point of where I think we will have opportunities between now and the end of the year. We are not going to peg a number of transactions or capital spend number for the remainder of the year. We are going to continue to chase the ones we like the most, and over the next twelve months or so, I think you will see the model at work.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Switching gears, with regards to stimulus dollars you mentioned on the water side — I think we have all noted how slow those dollars have been to flow down to the project level. Within HST, have you seen any increase in quoting activity there with the potential for NIH funding increasing?
Larry D. Kingsley: We have begun to see the beginning of it. There is new equipment that is likely to be purchased as a function of NIH budget increases. I was with one of our HST teams for a day last week, and certainly there are all forms of incremental spend that are being targeted, but we are seeing the beginnings of quota activity as a function of equipment buy, and that should start to ramp, we think, toward the end of the year.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: From a geographical basis, could you give us some color on what you are seeing in Europe and Asia, overall geographically or any particular markets, positive or negative, standing out trend-wise?
Larry D. Kingsley: Not a demonstrable difference for us in the quarter with respect to Europe versus North America, North America being a bit better when you take the dispensing replenishment order out; the base rate for the rest of the business was not hugely different. With respect to Asia, we did not see as much growth in Asia in the quarter as we would have liked. Some of that is a function of project specific stuff when we look at year-on-year comps. Looking forward, for the three regions, we are expecting that North America outperforms Europe for the second half and that Asia outperforms all of the above, but there is work to be done in all three regions to achieve a return to the sequential numbers that we talked about, or achievement of the sequential numbers we talked about in our prepared remarks.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks a lot, Larry.
Larry D. Kingsley: Sure.
Operator: Next we will hear from Mike Schneider with Robert W. Baird.
Mike Schneider – Robert W. Baird: Maybe first we can address the order rate of minus 22% this quarter. Can you give us a sense of what that would look like on a monthly basis, and indeed what they were relative to your budget?
Larry D. Kingsley : Relative to our budget?
Mike Schneider – Robert W. Baird: Your expectations.
Larry D. Kingsley: There are two elements to the organic orders in the quarter, Mike, and I'll let Dom give you the linearity after I get started here. One, there was the lack of a big dispensing order in the quarter. You had the dispensing sales in the quarter, but not the order that generated that sale. Two, from a comp standpoint, you had principally FMT, but also relatively tough comp, so that is the issue that applies when you look at the two that construct that organic orders number for the quarter. And the linearity, Dom?
Dominic Romeo: If you address Q1 versus Q2, and if you take out the dispensing order in Q1, it was a modest increase sequentially. In the quarter, orders were 101 in April, 107 in May, and 110 in June. We digged into that kind of buy, enterprise; it pretty much supports the commentary we have with regard to the second half, so a bit of a modest uptick if you take out the dispensing order that we booked in the month of March.
Mike Schneider – Robert W. Baird: Are you able, then, to adjust for seasonality there? Would a typical Q2 look like this with June being the strongest month?
Dominic Romeo: Typically, that is correct, Mike, it would.
Mike Schneider – Robert W. Baird: Drilling to HST on Jim's question, the NIH money, your customers in that segment, in the core business, are looking for, I guess, lesser single-digit declines in their business versus your earlier commentary, even going back to the beginning of this year of about minus 10 in that business. Have you raised your expectations at all, and is that in the new guidance, or can you give us some color as to why you still believe you are going to be down more than your customer forecast?
Larry D. Kingsley: I think we have yet to see all of our customer forecasts as a result of this quarter's calls. I think we should tune into those, but we have included the assumptions that you spoke of in our aggregate assumptions for the back half of the year. Within HST, we talked about some sequential improvement for the core business, which is obviously the NIH impacted element of the HST segment. That is offset by what we think on the other side, as you know, the GAST business, and some other non-core businesses where we think the industrial exposure and some of the commercial market exposure there will continue to be down, and maybe be down demonstratively. The NIH money is incremental to the natural spend rate. I do not think we are going to see it hit us in terms of our impact where we stand within the food chain until the very end of the year. It is with that in mind that we do not see a very big back half lift.
Mike Schneider – Robert W. Baird: Switching to dispensing, the margins here are very volatile, as usual, and when you are running at about this $30, $32 million quarterly rate, the margins are usually down in the low double-digits, and then once you peak over this 40, $45 million rate you are up in the 20s. Can you give us some sense now how this has changed with the Milan closure, and what we should be thinking about on a new-dollar threshold, because I presume seasonally dispensing will be down, especially with the absence of major programs. Are we back to the low $30 million rate and or low double-digit margins, or does Milan make that number substantially higher than we are used to?
Larry D. Kingsley: I do not want to get into break-even points for the business as a function of all of the costs that we have taken out over the last three quarters in particular, but there certainly is a lower break-even point for that business now, and the numbers that we can achieve on a $30 million top line quarterly assumption basis are a little better than what you have to stasis. Not demonstratively so, but a couple of points better.
Mike Schneider – Robert W. Baird: Put differently, what does Milan save you annually?
Larry D. Kingsley: It is about $5-$5.5 million. There is other cost action, obviously globally within dispensing.
Dominic Romeo: As you know, Mike, that is already in the Q1 and Q2 run rates of the margin.
Mike Schneider – Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc: In keeping with dispensing, Larry, should we assume — and I want to make sure that I understand the progressions first half versus second half — that we should assume the quarterly run rate in sales, in dispensing, to be more in line with what you experienced in Q1 for the remainder of the year? Is that accurate?
Larry D. Kingsley: That is accurate.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc: You mentioned in your prepared remarks that there are changes that will be occurring in certain paint chemistries that you believe will drive some replacement and upgrade. Is there any timing, any way you can quantify how much of your install base might be subject to that?
Larry D. Kingsley: The impact over time for both Europe and North America will be over 50% of the paint that is dispensed. The time horizon for which that takes place is probably two years or so. It has yet to be determined based on the specific paint chemistries how much of the equipment gets replaced versus upgraded. In some cases, existing equipment can get upgraded and other cases it needs to be fully replaced. In a very robust economy, I think nearly all of it would be replaced. There may be some thinking toward trying to upgrade versus replace until that economy supports the full replacement activity. In terms of how it impacts the numbers, we do not think over the next six months it is going to be huge. As we work our way into 2010 it should be quarterly, sequentially, a bigger portion of what we see driving sales activity within the segment.
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc: One final question on HST: During the quarter you experienced a pretty flat, sequential revenue run rate, around $74 million, margins were down a little over 100 basis points. Can you talk, sequentially, about what you experienced there in terms of mix, because it sounded like the non-core businesses were absolutely down more dramatically than the instrumentation side of the business. I am trying to understand what margin dynamics are at play there.
Larry D. Kingsley: The primary issue is volume versus mix.
Dominic Romeo: The margin from core versus the industrial are not too far off, so it is more of a volume-based decline than anything that mix ..
Matt Summerville – KeyBanc: Thank you.
Operator: Next we have Scott Graham with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Scott Graham – Ladenburg Thalmann: In terms of progression during the quarter, but maybe more specific drill-downs into some of your larger markets — you can skip water — but refined fuels and maybe even on the sanitary side of water, AI, DIY, and general manufacturing chemicals, can you talk about how those orders progressed?
Larry D. Kingsley: Let me give you some more anecdotal than quantitative by specific sub-end market. Let’s classify it into three tiers: good, okay, and still lagging in terms of recovery, and that would apply to both what we saw in terms of linearity in the quarter, but I think also what we are going to see for the rest of the year. Our energy business was robust in the quarter and improved nicely, and we continue to see a good second half, a lot of that driven by international activity, some project wins that certainly support that already, but also there is infrastructure spend associated with some of the refined fuels applications, even some of the LPC&G applications that might defy logic given the fact that some of that exploration is down. But on the downstream end of energy there is still a pretty decent international spend assumption that we have built into the second half, and frankly seen the evidence of that. I will skip water, because energy and water will lead FMT. Ag, we remain watchful on short term, but we think it comes back, certainly with the end of the year. The other good segments, the core health-care segments as I mentioned earlier, but that would also include thinks like dental equipment and bio-tech applications. Also within the good category, where we saw good performance during the quarter, where we will see good second half performance will be rescue tools. Again, nice international project wins there, and pretty good line of sight to some nice projects that we will see to the back half of the year. On what was relatively linear, we are not seeing current signs of big pickup, and probably not through the back half of the year; so the second tier, I would say food and bev is moving along, not dour, not certainly turning south, but not expecting to pick up anytime soon. Some of the big pharma spend we expect to continue to be flat for the back half. And then mixed signals and semiconductor right now, where we do sell some equipment into the semiconductors space, some of that is improving, changes in CapEx requirements as they retool and re-outfit some of their manufacturing, and other cases deferrals. I would say also in the okay category, and probably flat assumptions for the back half of the year would be Fire and BAND-IT from the prepared remarks, where Fire had a great first half; their back half looks good, but we are watching the last portion of their year based on how muni spend trends continue. BAND-IT has already seen a bottoming. We are not seeing a huge lift, but BAND-IT did start to see signs of some positive growth in the markets that they serve, and it is a pretty broad-based set of industrial markets in their case. On the ones that are lagging and that that we do not see coming back anytime soon would be chemical, as we said, and I would say more of the factory automation equipment applications that we do serve to some degree; those are going to lag for the rest of our end markets in terms of recovery.
Scott Graham – Ladenburg Thalmann: That is most helpful. It sounded like you are coloring that for the whole idea that second quarter is a little bit seasonally better than the first quarter, is that right? You discounted that within those comments.
Larry D. Kingsley: Not as much this year as last year, seasonally, but that is correct.
Scott Graham – Ladenburg Thalmann: The restructuring. I assume it remains that you are shooting for that 40-plus million linear progression in terms of the realizations. Is that fair, if we were to straight-line that?
Larry D. Kingsley: It is, Scott. I would tell you that the numbers are consistent with what we said in the last quarter call. The good news, I think different from most of all of the companies that we talk to out there, is that we're largely done. We move very quickly, very aggressively. The team does an absolutely phenomenal job. You classified what we are going to do going forward as more tweaking, and things that improve our structural position so that we can further leverage going forward as we grow. But for the heavy lifting, a lot of it is already under belt. Your numbers that you have, you can consistently model probably 30 to 35 million this year, and north of 40, certainly, as an annual savings that we will see out of the work done thus far.
Operator: The next question is from Christopher Glynn, Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer: Good Morning. On the operating margin guidance, 14%, 15% for the year, Larry, I think you emphasized 15% at the beginning of the call. This is where you were in the second quarter, and with dispensing kind of falling back, what do you see filling that in?
Larry D. Kingsley: Dispensing is about 10% of sales, and we are not saying that dispensing is going to fall back towards where it was in the fourth quarter of ’08 or the first quarter of this year; it will perform better based on the cost actions taken. It does not have to be a large lift otherwise to offset what is the lack of volume in dispensing.
Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer: At FMT, it looks like there was a bigger difference between the underlying and the (inaudible) this quarter than last. Did you have some incremental integration activities going on there? It looks like the acquisitions are a little bit more of a drag, and how does that go sequentially?
Larry D. Kingsley: In the release, we specify the restructuring that we incurred in the quarter. The acquisitions in terms of operating margin performance are a bit of a drag. We had to take the amortization in accordingly. Does that answer your question?
Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer: Is there any more inventory amortization?
Larry D. Kingsley: No.
Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer: And pricing on process instrumentation in general?
Larry D. Kingsley: In terms of our pricing or?
Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer: Industry pricing, is there any more competitive bidding for process work that you are seeing?
Larry D. Kingsley: We are seeing a bit more competitive activity in the open-bid environment, so on some of the municipal spend associated projects than we have historically. In the classical portion of the majority of the market structure that we serve, and by way of how we go to that market, I would say it is not any different than what we have seen historically. Price was a very little bit of a positive in the quarter. We are not assuming any help from price in the back half of the year.
Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer: Okay, thanks a lot.
Larry D. Kingsley: We are not assuming any help from price with that (inaudible).
Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks for the help.
Operator: And the next question comes from Walter Liptak with Barrington Research.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Hi. Good morning, everyone. My question, I would like to go back to HST and just ask the question another way. The operating profit was about $1 million lower sequentially, but the sales were roughly the same, maybe down a little bit. And I understand your comments about under absorption, was there something else going on there with mix or some other cost running through there that are not going to be in the back half of the year?
Larry D. Kingsley: No, Walt. Just the normal mix is how I would characterize it, but there is no abnormal cost increases or other items going through sequentially.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. And then I want to ask, you mentioned the $30-35 million run rate for cost takeout this year. On a quarterly basis where are you at? Are you at the full — if you take the cost out for this quarter, annualize it, you are in that range right now, or do you get a better cost takeout in the back half of the year?
Larry D. Kingsley: You get a little better from a full realization, but assume what you saw in the second quarter is indicative of where we are already positioned to achieve.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. And then in your guidance you don't assume a recovery which I guess in this environment is very prudent, but I wonder if there is something more behind that. Is there customer discussions? Is it just the corporate top-down view? How do you view the chances of a recovery?
Larry D. Kingsley: No. I would tell you, Walt, that nothing that is customer specific is anything of the sort. As a matter of fact, quote activity is actually pretty good and I think the way we would characterize it now is the same as we had the last call that there is a stickiness right now to getting stuff to the point of action, be it from a classical private sector form, the stuff we typically do, or in the open bit public project work that we do. And I think what we are going to find, frankly, is that there's going to be a lot of wait, wait, wait, and urgency to get things done pretty quickly. And we've talked a lot internally about how we need to be prepared for that. We are prepared for it in terms of resources to apply and also how we need to probably work through the course of the recovery here to build our skid and systems capability in some of the businesses. Because I think in many cases the customers are not going to want to wait to get systems fully deployed and so we are not going to be in a position where we can sell component products. We are going to be developing and selling more of a systems content and we are focused internally on how to take some of the available capacity and migrate it to that. So I think that we are taking a prudent approach by looking at the second half the way we are. At the same time there is nothing that is customer specific that are down in any way. Things appear to be okay. Not to get into too much detail, but when we look at the month of July thus far, things are certainly okay and when we look at 2010 we think at this point in the game that there's good opportunity for some of the end markets that we're in to come back pretty nicely.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. I hear you, but alright, let's say that in the back half the recovery doesn't happen. You mentioned that there's still some tweaking going forward on leverage. I assume that means that you're going to consolidate some operations, but if things get worse, how much more cost can you take out, or are you done with the real heavy lifting within the operations?
Larry D. Kingsley: Well, we can take out more costs. We do have additional levels, should we need to, that we can go apply. And we have got things that are ready for us to go ahead and work. However, the approach we took was let's get to what is the appropriate cost structure without impairing our ability to take share now or grow on the back side of this. So get right size for the environment, not spend what is the exit of this recession trying to continually consolidate, but get to a position that we can build and hide leverage with a little bit of growth to the bottom line. And if you look at where we are now, we do think that against a pretty broad base of end markets, we are not going to see further fall off generally speaking. Some little bit of sequential lift in the back half, some little bit of fall off, but in 2010, certainly for prognosis for improvement. And the cost structure is already largely there. The tweaking has to do more with, as you said, finishing out integration activities with certain specific plants and a couple small things that we think make sense to do that both improve our cost, but also improve our customer support capability. And with a little bit of sales growth we ought to see very, very nice flow through. So that is kind of the macro and IDEC specific view, I guess, of our operations.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Do you have a number for us on the percentage flow through?
Larry D. Kingsley: Well north of what we said historically. Historically, as you know, we said 35%. So we think that our opportunity for growth return is much better than that.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: So in the 40 to 50% range?
Larry D. Kingsley: Yeah. Exactly.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. Alright thanks, guys.
Operator: And next in queue we have Charles Brady with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas Britman - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. This is actually Tom Britman in for Charlie Brady. I just wanted to know about the sales mix within the Fire & Safety diversified product, how it turned out this quarter? You mentioned last quarter that it had an impact on margins, higher fire suppression a little bit lower, (inaudible) revenue, and I am just curious how that turned out this quarter.
Dominic A. Romeo: The mix was pretty consistent with what we saw in the first quarter in terms of a third, a third, a third, but Fire has had a pretty decent first half so actually if you think about our commentary first half second half, as Fire perhaps comes down we replace that with tools and with BAND-IT that we should see stable to maybe even improving second-half margins. Mix should be favorable in the second half.
Thomas Britman - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, good. And also, you had some upbeat comments about the outlook for downstream and energy markets in the second half on these international projects. Just curious if you could talk about what types of projects is it new refineries, overhauls, expansions, or non refinery work, and what your visibility is in terms of the duration of those projects?
Larry D. Kingsley: Yeah. Where we are seeing the best opportunities now, without getting into too much specificity for market strict reasons, but basically it is distribution of energy in areas of the world that are underserved today. So you can think about Asia and the Middle East, Europe, some centers where we think there are — and we know there are for that matter, good opportunities to continue to grow our presence. And the projects have already got dollars allocated to them.
Thomas Britman - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We will take a followup question from Mike Schneider with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Hi. Doug, could you just give us some sense on raw materials, where you are in your curve and cost of goods sold and is there additional benefit versus price coming in Q3 versus Q2?
Larry D. Kingsley: Mike, there is ab it of benefit in places like BAND-IT, but overall I would say the run rate in terms of ongoing is consistent with the second quarter. We'll still see our continued global sourcing savings which we discussed in the last call, but those have been fairly ratable over the first and second quarter, so I wouldn't expect to see a major margin impact favorable other than places like BAND-IT where we've achieved some decent buying in terms of the first half versus second half.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: And then on BAND-IT — Larry, I was intrigued by your comments about BAND-IT getting better during the second quarter. I guess I view that as the best leading indicator within your portfolio. Could you give us just some more color on BAND-IT specifically?
Larry D. Kingsley: If I said second quarter I meant second half, just to be clear. And that BAND-IT is a pretty good proxy for kind of base rate spend. It is both project and MRO based and we do not see a huge return to growth in BAND-IT, but positive sign. Some of that again is based on new products that we are introducing and some specific winds, but we think that BAND-IT, towards the end of the year are going to have a much better view of growth for 2010 in particular.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: And is that growth because of the new products or because markets are improving?
Larry D. Kingsley: A little of both, yeah.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, Dom, on the guidance, am I right that the methodology has changed somewhat? Q1 you were including the Q1 charge and expense, but excluding all future restructuring, and now the slides read that the annual guidance includes all restructuring expenses for the year, including going back to Q1?
Dominic A. Romeo: The current guidance excludes another $0.02-0.03, Mike. As Larry put it, we're still tweaking some of the potential additional actions. So I would think of it more of our commentary with regard to how we did the bridging last time with regard to the second half recovery. That 25 million and $0.13 on the Q1 chart is kind of the number so we have not seen that level of recovery at this point in the year.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: But the annual range now of $1.35 to $1.45, does that exclude the $0.05 of charges last quarter, that is the first quarter?
Dominic A. Romeo: Yes.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then finally just on incremental margins, I calculated at least, excluding acquisitions, it looks like it was about a 31% incremental or decremental margin this quarter. Do you have that number ex currency?
Dominic A. Romeo: I do not have it front of me, Mike, but the better way to maybe think about it is maybe if you look at sequential Q1 to Q2 and that is in that 40 to 50 — actually a little bit higher percent range on the uptake. So I'd look at it more that way as you look at the go-forward cost structure than going back to the prior year. But holding 31-percent on the decremental side with a 17-18% decrease organically wasn't exactly easy.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Indeed, and impressive. Thanks again.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue I'd like to turn the call back to Larry Kingsley.
Larry D. Kingsley: Okay, thank you and thank you all for joining. In summary we'd say we feel good about where we stand at this point, largely as a result of having completed the actions as we just described. We're at a good position. We feel good about the fact that the markets are stable with signs of some potential improvement coming towards the end of the year and into 2010 and I think the team has done a solid job with operating performance. And as you can see margin in a great place and cash flow for the quarter are just fantastic. And a good position now looking forward, certainly watching the economy, but also working hard to make sure that we guarantee our own success. Thanks for joining and we'll look forward to talking to some of you through the course of the summer and everybody at next quarter's call.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you all once again for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Heath A. Mitts - Vice President, Corporate Finance Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities Scott Graham - Ladenburg Ned Borland - Next Generation Equity Research Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the IDEX Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Heath Mitts, Vice President of Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.
Heath A. Mitts: Thanks, Mark. Good morning and thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX fourth quarter 2008 financial results. Yesterday, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three and 12-month period ending December 31st, 2008. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Larry Kingsley, Chairman and CEO; and Dom Romeo, Vice President and CFO. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with an update on our overall performance for the quarter and full year and then provide detail on our four business segments. We will then wrap up with an outlook for 2009 and update on our balance sheet and summarize our priorities. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay, beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes, by dialing the toll free number 888-203-1112 and entering the conference ID 1364347, or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our CEO, Larry Kingsley. Larry?
Larry D. Kingsley: Thanks, Heath. Good morning, everyone. As you know we were early in our assessment of the weakening economy, we took action through the second half '08 to reduce our cost structure. We realized $25 million of annual savings with $20 million of '09 savings associated with these actions as well. In addition, we continue to drive material cost reduction and productivity within our company-wide operational excellence strategy. We anticipate more than $10 million of '09 savings from specific supply chain initiatives with $5 million of labor productivity. Again, both of these are in addition to the restructuring associated sales. None of the actions taken will impair our ability to grow or achieve the strategic initiatives that build longer term shareholder value. As I'll highlight later in this call, we anticipate a soft first quarter as we realize the ramp up of cost savings on top of a slow Q4 and early Q1 order rate. As 2009 progresses, we'll reassess our view of the economic environment, our markets and the best courser for further cost actions to ensure a solid bottom line performance for the year. Thus far, our team has quickly identified required actions and very cleanly executed as necessary to adjust to the decline in order rates. We have a very good understanding of a cost structure, we have the ability to manage through these volatile environment. I'm now on a slide that's titled Q4 and Full Year Financial Performance. For the quarter, orders were down 3%, and sales were up 3%. The results in this slide are adjusted for the restructuring charges and the goodwill impairment charge and dispensing. Fourth quarter adjusted operated margin of 15.1% was down 270 basis points from Q4 '07, primarily due to the impact of '08 acquisitions. Excluding the impact of the acquisitions, adjusted operating margin was 16.3%. Overall, given the top line pressure, I was pleased with the majority of our businesses operating margin performance. Fluid & Metering, Health & Science and Fire & Safety; all held up quite well. Obviously, we're disappointed with the margin performance at dispensing and albeit only 7% of the company, the negative margin rate was certainly dilutive to the total company performance. Q4 adjusted EPS at $0.41 was down 13%. For the year, orders were up 9%, sales were up 10%. Full year adjusted operating margin at 17.5% was down 130 basis points from the prior year, again primarily due to the impact of the acquisitions. Excluding the impact of the acquisitions, adjusted operating margin was 18.2%. Full year adjusted EPS was up 4% to $1.98. And for 2008, free cash flow of just under $200 million, a record for the sales company was over 125% of adjusted net income. So now let's walk through the components by segment, I am turning to slide six. For Fluid & Metering, orders were up 11% in the quarter. Organic orders were down 8, reflecting a significant slowdown in November and December. Sales increased 21%, including 25% from recent acquisitions and a decline of 1% on an organic basis. Excluding acquisition, adjusted operating margin of 21.3% was up 110 basis points from the Q4 '07 number. We expect selective fluid metering end markets to remain slow throughout the first half of '09. Given the strength and diversity of our market content though and the stability of our customer base, we believe that we are well equipped to operate effectively in a challenging environment. Our long-term outlook remains very positive. We continue to diversify our business; nearly half of fluid metering is now outside the U.S. The three recent acquisitions added product capabilities and will enable increased market share. The integration process is going as planned for the three acquisitions, and they will be accretive to our top and bottom line this year. And we'll see a nice traction with our internal sales growth investments that we made over the past two years, particularly in Asia and in the Middle East, we made appropriate investments and otherwise to drive global expansion. In this turbulent environment, our team is focused on what they can control. New product launches are on track, and we've not had to reduce our investment, nor will we accordingly. In our Health & Science segment, total orders were down 1% for the quarter, down 4% organically. Sales were down 4% in total, 7% organically. The core HST business was effectively flat year-over-year. The impact to organic growth in the quarter from the run-off of two OEM contracts, which we talked about before, represented nearly 300 basis points organic growth. Q4 is the last quarter where we have the organic comp associated with those two commercial OEM contracts. Operating margin of 20.1% was up 130 basis points compared to the prior year. Our core market focus, the fluidic devices used in analytical instrumentation and clinical diagnostic applications continue to provide powerful platforms for growth, and we continue to anticipate growth driven by end market demand for our new generations of equipment, and increased IDEX content in these newer generations of equipment. We secured new global customer business in the quarter, which will bode well for the mid-term. Our Integrated Systems Group continues to grow and is now providing full systems to customer specifications. Our markets for life science equipment appeared to be more favorable than industrial CapEx in the short term. However, our OEM customers have indicated that they expect total instrument demand to decline moderately through 2009, with more significant slowdown expected during the early part of the year. And we anticipate our share gain in the segment will partially offset their unit volume forecast. In Dispensing on slide eight, total orders in the quarter were down 43%, organically down 37%. Sales decrease 39%, organically were down 33%. Margin was down significantly compared to the prior year, primarily due to the lower volume, and that's in both North America and in Europe. Recently, there has been some specific project activity within the North American retail channel which we believe will provide a nice lift to the current market trend. However, we still expect softness in broader economic conditions and lower capital spending in this segment, which will continue to impact demand for capital equipment within retail. To mitigate the impact of these challenges, we've taken appropriate cost actions to size the Dispensing business, and we're well positioned to address market conditions and ensure long-term improved profitability and strong cash generation. We expect that the North American and European market will remain soft through the 2009 year. And moving now to Fire & Safety on slide nine. For the quarter, total orders were down 10%, down 4% organically. That's primarily due to our band clamping order rate late in the quarter. Sales were down 3%, organically sales were up 3%. Operating margin at 23.9% was up 210 basis points compared to the prior year. We continue to be the leading provider of superior technology providing our customers with robust and easy to operate equipment that will continue to drive share gain in this environment. Global product demand continued to be strong at the project level. We expect this trend to remain positive through the entire year, and that will drive growth in this environment as well. We are monitoring the domestic municipal market closely and expect flat to modest growth to continue through the first half of '09. The band clamping business, which is about a third of the segment, has slowed with the decline of manufacturing and spend in energy projects. We don't anticipate a return of strong growth in this portion of the segment for '09. In total, within Fire & Safety, we will continue to perform relatively well, with flat to low single-digit growth rates, generating very sound margins. So moving on to this year, based on our current knowledge, our '09 outlook is for $1.50 to $1.80 of diluted earnings per share. This range is based on the assumption of organic growth being down 6% to 10%. FX at the current rates will have a 3% adverse impact to sales. The incremental impact of acquisitions will add 5% to 7% to the top line and $0.05 to $0.08 to EPS, that's includes of intangible amortization expenses. And finally, restructuring will add $0.16 EPS in '09. Given the weak orders at the end of last year, we are anticipating Q1 EPS to be in the range of $0.32 to $0.38 based on that organic revenue for the quarter. And that is then down in excess of 10% year-on-year. The effective tax rate assumption is 34%, CapEx is projected to be $25 million or so in '09 and we expect another very strong year of free cash generation. Before I wrap up, I want to provide a brief update on our balance sheet. Our debt ratios and debt structure are in great shape, with no financing requirements until December of 2011. In addition, we've taken advantage of the interest rate markets to lock in some very low rates and our debt for the next three years. We had a very strong year of free cash flow in '08. In Q4, we were able to repurchase 2.3 million shares of our stock and we'll continue to be opportunistic with our share repurchase program. And that's to augment our primary cash deployment strategy. Our primary focus will continue to be to deploy cash in a disciplined manner on acquisitions in attractive markets. And we will continue to evaluate proprietary bolt-on acquisitions in '09 with the intention of securing good strategic additions to the company. So in summary, while the economic outlook is uncertain and clearly we anticipate a much more difficult organic growth environment, the combination of the cost actions already completed and the contribution from the new acquisitions last year has set us up for solid performance in the short-term without jeopardizing our long-term strategic execution. Internally, we're focused on what we can control. We continue to execute on our new product developments and we're satisfied with our geographic build out, and we're focused on making sure that we execute our operational excellence initiatives to achieve both the material and labor productivity saving as planned. So certainly, we're taking a sober look at the general outlook and I'm confident that we will with those assumptions in mind deliver solid performance in the face of challenging market dynamics. So with that, we'll open it up to your questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. (Operator Instructions). Our first question today will come from Jim Lucas with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott: Hi, this is Ryan MacLean on behalf of Jim. I just wanted to go through the Fluid & Metering segment real quick. Larry, you mentioned that there were selective end market difficulties. I was wondering, if you could do go into a little bit more detail as to what it is that you are seeing down there?
Larry Kingsley: Sure, Ryan. I'll take the question in two parts; one what we have seen from Q4 through the other part of Q1, and then one and secondarily, what we see through the body of the year. For what we've seen over the last several weeks, there has been a relatively dramatic slowdown in the water and the chemical segment. We see positive signs of projects now fraying up in the water segment and we do anticipate that we'll see some nice improvements for the course of this year, and that's somewhat irrespective of what comes out of current federal funding mechanisms. On the chemical side, which is, if you added up, in the neighborhood of about 10% of total company sales, we expect that to be relatively low in the new project side through the entire year. We'll still see some MRO spending. And then beyond that, what's in Fluid & Metering, I think it will track plus or minus around the GDP numbers. So, two big issues from last several weeks perspective are kind of bottleneck and project funding associated with water and certainly with chemical. We expect water to improve, we don't expect chemical to improve all that much at least as far as we can see forward right now, everything else is kind of plus or minus what we expect.
Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott: And I guess on the petroleum side, is that much change there?
Larry Kingsley: No, you don't care. And we talk a lot about the fact that where we are in petroleum or energy in general is not upstream, so we don't cycle up or down heavily with exploration activity as others do. We work downstream, and we're more in the logistics of getting energy to market. So we think that CapEx maybe certainly softer than it's been the last couple of years, but it's not a fall off the cliff situation at all.
Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And then just switching a little bit to the $25 million of CapEx that you spoke about. I was just wondering if you could kind of detail or go into a little bit about out of that $25 million, what kind of growth projects you are still focusing on.
Larry Kingsley: Sure. The bulk of that $25 million will go toward tooling still and we will talk little bit later in the year about a planned facility expansion in the region that we think represents a great growth opportunity. It will be little premature to go there now. But on a percentage of that total CapEx, over half of that is still focused toward product and manufacturing sales growth.
Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, thank you very much.
Larry Kingsley: You bet.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Schneider with Robert W. Baird.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Hi, guys.
Larry Kingsley: Hi, Mike.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Larry, maybe just some specificity on your water comments because I guess I've not heard of water projects being freed up since the first of the year. Is it something unique yourselves or maybe you could just give us some example of things that have actually been kicked off again?
Larry Kingsley: Well, I'm not going to go into specific municipal project for the obvious reasons, Mike but what we've heard just in the last couple of weeks is that there is no funding in place for a number of state-based municipal-based programs that we were participating in with our new acquired businesses that are ADS and Europe over with IETG, but also on the some of the plant-based worked for fresh water spend, we are seeing certainly more positive signs than we would have spoken to at the very beginning of the year. So, I am not going to, at this point every week is a little bit of a different story and we're all live in volatility, but certainly things are trending positively right now with respect to some of that project activity in the U.S. and abroad.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: So these are projects that you would have expected this in your revenue in Q4 and launches in Q4 that did not launch and now appear to be restarted here in January already?
Larry Kingsley: Like in water, some of it is backlog that we had that we would have seen flow through to the revenue line through the course of Q4 and in this quarter that is still there, not cancelled, it's just pushing. Others are projects that we know are approved within their respective authorities, they are going to be funded and we expect that they will at some point related to this quarter or through the course of the spring.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then in terms of this volatility, because you give yourself such a substantial amount through the distribution channel both here and globally, can you describe, I guess the status of what you saw as Q4 unfolded in your distribution channels and then what specifically has happened week-by-week now and throughout January?
Larry Kingsley: First of all, I'd say the issue of work downstream inventory is today and what's bottlenecked flow through either the distribution channel or the OEM base or in some cases even a dealer network, is somewhat specific to each of the segments, not just the IDEX segments but the end markets. What we've seen is where OEMs do take some stock, instrumentation builders for example, they're obviously closely managing inventory and they turn down that dial quite a bit through the course of the fourth quarter. In the case of the Fluid & Metering segment, the summer distribution is obviously gotten a bit more concerned with monitoring their relative inventory levels and distribution is 40 or 45% of sales for Fluid & Metering, which again is half of our company. And then selectively otherwise around the company where we've seen I'd say some portion of the slowing associated with what's downstream in inventory, whether it's actually in distribution or somewhere in the food chain.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: And what have you seen thus far in January from those same channels?
Larry Kingsley: What I'd say to you right now is I think it's too early to call in terms of how much sequential improvement we'll see through the course of the quarter and '09. I think that we are going to still see pressure through much of the first quarter, but then that does purge through the first quarter. We should see some lift as we head in without frankly a lot of consumer demand or macro economical.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And I guess on pricing, what do you think you issued on January 1 what's baked into the guidance in terms of net price for the year and I think the obvious question is in this environment, why do you expect to hold any price at all?
Larry Kingsley: The short answer to your question, Mike, is that the assumption that's built into what you have in the way of guidance is flat pricing. And then to the longer portion of how we'd answer the question, some of the pricing lift is that the function of pricing actions taken through the course of '08 which you get the full year impact down in '09. And also a portion of that lift comes from the fact that as you know, we're highly customized products. So, we tend to pricing that on a per project for customer basis. So, there still is a price component that's positive as a function of doing so. The offset to that will certainly be relatively strong competition in some standard product areas and I'm sure all of us will see that through the course of the year. I think a flat price assumption is conservative to realistic in terms of how we bake it into our overall profit thinking.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you.
Larry Kingsley: You bet. Operator: And next, we'll hear from Wendy Caplan with Wachovia.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Good morning.
Larry Kingsley: Hi, Wendy.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Hi. Questions on your operating margin implications or assumptions for '09, you enjoyed wonderful incremental margin during volume uptime, revenue uptimes. What should we expect, what are you expecting in terms of decremental margin during top line downtime?
Larry Kingsley: Well, Wendy why don't I -- let me start and then we can jump into as much detail as you want to. Dom can piggyback what I have to say, but if you look at the way that we guided on a down 6% organic assumption translating through the $1.80 of EPS, that you could make the argument for that's slightly conservative and that we could do better than that given the components that I spoke to, with restructuring our employees with certainly a typical lift of what we'll see in the way of incremental savings from material cost and labor productivity. But then that net calc on the upper end of the range translates to what's the incremental percentage Dom, about 23, 24, 25%. And in the bottom end of the range, you could, I would say making an argument that it's pretty conservative and that we shouldn't have any trouble at all protecting the bottom end of that range. That frankly, we feel very comfortable with.
Dominic Romeo: And Wendy, maybe the other way to think through this if you get into it by segment as Larry mentioned I think the relative profitability in the quarter of FMT, HST and FST was very good, once you impact the amortization of intangibles. So obviously the dispensing cost recovery actions that we put in place are key to that. And I think if would add it all up, $1.80 of EPS perspective, we are not going to give you the operating margin details at this point, but our margin rate relative to the last low is 300, 400 basis points higher than the historical low. So I think the relative profitability of the company is still very strong. So almost have to get into it by segment to look at the pluses and minuses. But when you look at that, you find that it's a very strong performance, not only for the quarter but as we look at the upper end of our guidance for next year.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Thank you. And in Fluid & Metering, you mentioned water projects specifically. But on the chemical side, or in other process end markets, are you seeing cancellations or delays of projects?
Larry Kingsley: We can call them cancellation of projects, delays the projects, yes, in chemical. And I would say not cancellations nor significant delays right now in downstream energy nor in food or pharma. But still the project component of the total sales expectation is anticipated to be lower, capacity is certainly quite a bit down, in chemical in particular. And I think that we'll see a stronger portion of our sales content, the MRO through the course of '09.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And on Dispensing, obviously a small piece of the business, but distracting given the loss suffered in the quarter. Is this the time that we are kind of looking at this business and making a strategic assessment or do we have confidence that the losses will lessen or go away in the near term?
Larry Kingsley: Again, short answer is yes, but it's yes universally. Well, we are always strategically looking at all the businesses, if you think about its contribution to the company; it's 7% of revenue, not huge impact. At the same time, this business will be profitable in '09. It will generate great cash and so, is it going to be the growth engine for IDEX short term, absolutely not. There aren't any planned acquisitions obviously around the segment. At the same time, the team has done a super job getting cost out and going after new business and we expect that will translate into some sequentially improved numbers relatively short term.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thanks, Larry. And one more question, is there any opportunities from any of those Fed stimulus programs that we should keep our eye on that might benefit IDEX as you know of today?
Larry Kingsley: That's a great question, Wendy. What I can tell you is that we have come through our known backlog with ADS and the stuff that we see in water in general, to see the kind of the lineated stuff that is so called shovel ready and that gives funding more quickly. And we feel pretty good frankly about that work translating into incremental revenue, it's very difficult right now to lay that into some kind of a schedule, where we as management could track at or we could articulate to you that you've got a similar lift of x percent accordingly. And I think the administration has got to figure out how they are going to do this out and everybody is in line to get their piece and from that we think that we will see some nice because we do have some shovel ready stuff, some nice impact but I think it's don't count your chickens too early.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks Larry.
Larry Kingsley: You bet. Operator: Next is Scott Graham with Ladenburg.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: Hey, good morning.
Larry Kingsley: Hi, Scott.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: How you're doing Larry, Dom, Heath, Harold, how are you guys?
Larry Kingsley: Good, Scott. Good to hear from you.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: Hear you guys on a line here and I know that we pretty quickly moved Larry and John toward doing a restructuring and taking out cost, I guess my question is several fold from that. Number one is, with the sales now I think looking weaker than what perhaps we were all thinking maybe even three months ago. Is there an opportunity now to expand the scope of the restructuring and is that under consideration?
Larry Kingsley: Well, I would tell you that one, we executed the plan according to what we thought made sense given the top line environment at the end of last year and I was, as I said in the prepared comments, very pleased with the team's ability to get it done, and frankly to deliver right to the number. So it's hats off to our operating team for doing just a super job. When we look at the environment now, we certainly still have levers that we can and pull and we're looking at what makes sense. Obviously, we're not going to impair our ability to grow, so we want to do things that make sense structurally for the company and yeah, sure, we can do things that are if necessary that will help us improve our cost position further. And I am very confident frankly that the team is going to be able to pull off just as nicely as they did through the course of late Q3 and all of Q4.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: The second question off of that same one is, Larry, you talked about 10 million of supply chain, 5 million of labor, incremental to the restructuring. Where does that overlap, if anywhere, with your typical 20 million of productivity and is that 20 million of productivity still on the table for 2009 even if it's inclusive of those numbers?
Larry Kingsley: Essentially, Scott, it's 15 million, the 5 and the 10, as the substitute for the plus or minus 20. And the reason for that is that getting labor productivity when your top line is soft is a more difficult task and all good operators certainly know that. And secondly, that you do capture some of that labor productivity pieces of it in the restructuring. So, now you can't unfortunately have your cake and eat it too. And that's where we are at this point. We believe that 5 million for labor productivity is very achievable. And then on the $10 million associated with supply chain initiatives, I think that's also very achievable. That includes some time for current material cost to work its way through our inventory. And we are going to see I think a pretty nice recapture with where commodities are headed through the course of '09. So, we are not assuming the same direct translation on material cost down that you're seeing on some of the metals prices for example, or on energy cost and how we get the 10 million. And in the back half of the year, we could see again a little bit of improvement if things do remain where they are.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: So the supply chain, are you saying Larry that includes raw materials deflation or we are talking about two different buckets here where there is only the natural raw materials deflation that you benefit from, and then supply chain is something you're doing structurally?
Larry Kingsley: The two really aren't separate from the way we do our accounting. The supply chain initiatives are incremental savings that we get out of global resourcing varieties of products by way of using our organization principally out of China and India, but also with what we're resourcing to places within North America and Europe. And the initiatives at this point that are integrated within our plan stack up to that $10 million number, same kind of accounting that we talked about historically with respect to how we think about it. And then the only point is that yes, somewhere between what happens with material cost in total, there could be a little bit of a margin opportunity through the course of particularly the back half of the year.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: Helpful, thanks. Now, two final questions for you. We have seen in FMT declines in net operating margin attributable to acquisition now, you'll admit obviously for some time. It started in the first part of... actually in the fourth quarter of 2007, and it has continued on really through today. I guess my question is Larry, is this a situation where we maybe need to go back to these acquisitions and revisit them from an integration standpoint because the margin that you're taking on these things are pretty significant?
Larry Kingsley: No, not at all, Scott. Actually, if you look at the comments that I made here with respect to the fourth quarter, that was with the assumptions of just the '08 acquisitions that flaunt in the prior year comparison. If you look at X acquisitions we're at 21.3% for the segment, which is up 110 basis points. So that's not take you away from your question, that's the real IDEX year-over-year operating performance. Then there is two pieces that bridge between the 17.5 and 21.3, that's the performance of the acquisitions made in '08, so let me get back to that to your point, and then end the impact of amortization. On the pieces, the performance most all of that was in the fourth quarter, a bit of a one-off associated with some higher cost and anticipated in a project with ADS within water. And so that won't in anyway repeat, and those are pretty large projects. In the breakdown of which piece of that is amortization associated, roughly is...
Dominic Romeo: About half of the margin.
Larry Kingsley: About half of the gap.
Dominic Romeo: For the quarter.
Larry Kingsley: for the quarter. And as you know, as we roll forward, we certainly don't go back and excuse acquisition impact beyond those typical initial quarters where they do have a year-over-year impact and we get to on an integrated basis, FMT like margins basically within the plans that we set forth for the ones that we are acquiring.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: Now, it's fair enough, all right. Last question is this that the first quarter organic sales assumption is minus 10, full year is minus 6 to 10, which if I had my math right, that assumes that we're expecting things to be a little bit better in the second half than in the first half. And is that, Larry, based on some of the comments you've made about some of the visibility you have with OEM projects and assignments in winds or was that more of an easy comparison thing or is it both, just may be color that for us if you would?
Larry Kingsley: The short answer, Scott is that most all of that is some things that we know, we have some pretty decent visibility into that are going to sequentially pick up. So if you go back to my earlier comments, some of that we think is inventory as it works its way through the system, some of that is known projects that we are seeing activity on now that we think will be in a position to talk about fairly shortly and some of it is just the overall segment level expectations, that we are going to see based on known demand, it's a combination of new project and MRO spending.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: Very good. Well, thanks a lot for that detail. I appreciate.
Larry Kingsley: You bet, Scott. Take care.
Operator: Ned Borland with Next Generation Equity Research has a question.
Ned Borland - Next Generation Equity Research: Good morning, guys. Just looking at HST, you said that you have some new business wins. I am assuming that it sounds like it's going to be kind of flattish from an organic standpoint early on. But if you could just walk through how expect some of that new business to ramp?
Larry Kingsley: Yeah. We are not going to quantify expectations now for what we see for the segment for the year beyond what we've already talked about. We'd say the following that the bigger instrumentation OEMs have put forth forecasts which talk about unit volume being down 6, 7% or so. We have bottom built some assumptions in terms of content in the systems, so, for the mix of customers and then the mix of platforms that we have in the customers that allows us to think we offset some of that unit volume decline that the market is forecasting. And on top of that, we did close some nice new business in the fourth quarter internationally that will have an incremental little bump to it for us, and we don't have the comps associated with the large commercial OEMs that we did through the course of 08, which was all of that was 400 plus... yeah, 450 basis points of headwind growth.
Ned Borland - Next Generation Equity Research: Okay. And then on the restructuring savings expected, I mean taking up the savings expected from the line, can you give us sort of a breakdown of what the percentage is per the non-dispensing segments and where you see the savings?
Larry Kingsley: No, I don't think we're going to go there. We, through the course of the fourth quarter, did integrate another facility in Fluid & Metering. So the next largest consumption of the restructuring cost and also the larger benefit will be Fluid & Metering, but then it's pretty well spread across actions taken through the company.
Ned Borland - Next Generation Equity Research: Okay, fair enough. Thanks.
Larry Kingsley: You bet, Ned.
Operator: Walt Liptak with Barrington Research has our next question.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Good morning, everyone.
Larry Kingsley: Hi.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Hi. Question on the acquisitions for Dom. What was the fourth quarter cash outflow for acquisitions and the 2008 total?
Dominic Romeo: Fourth quarter cash flow for acquisitions was about 181 million.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay.
Dominic Romeo: I think that will be our cash flow statement event.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Right. And then total rate?
Dominic Romeo: What was your other question?
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: For the full year?
Dominic Romeo: Full year, closer to 400 if you look at the full year. It gets a bit on the cash flow statement, as you know we funded ADS right at the end of the last year but the total proceeds for acquisitions in the year were about 400 million.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. And you mentioned in your commentary, Larry, that the acquisitions, obviously were still part of the IDEX strategy. What should we expect in terms of 2009 and I guess looking at the different factors, pricing and I guess everyone's EBITDA is sort of suspect at this point, how should we think about your activity for this year?
Larry Kingsley: Yeah, sure. Well first, the list of acquisitions is still long. There is a number that we would like quite a bit from a strategic fit for the company that we would want to make at the right price at any point in time. And we look at those first and foremost. If those acquisitions don't have a good visibility to their next 18 to 24 months, then we are going to discount what we think the businesses were and obviously several of the conversations we're having are of that order right now. Certainly, what we are going to benefit from is and what we are seeing, I think this play out through probably the middle part of this year is folks giving a bit more realistic with respect to the price of their business and this is going to represent, frankly, a great opportunity for us to move into some businesses that pretty attractive prices that we are going to see some fantastic returns on. So, in terms of quantifying impact of acquisitions incrementally to the 09 numbers, we don't do that. We don't typically forecast that, so, I won't. But I think you ought to expect M&A activity that's not fairly similar to what we've averaged over the last few years and it will be a bolt-on kind of acquisitions that we can make sense of more likely than it will be large new repositioning strategies that frankly, those I don't make a lot of sense unless you have a completely good grip on what's going on in this business.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Right, okay. And in your Fire & Safety/Diversified segment, the organic revenue held up pretty well and even orders are holding up okay. But you mentioned that you are watching municipal markets, I presume that's North American Fire & Rescue. We've heard about tightness in municipal budgets, what do you think I guess some of your municipal products?
Larry Kingsley: Walt, first remember our business is a global business and the growth continues to get driven out of emerging country markets and we saw nice funding continue and still continues to those federal programs where they're buying best tools and decontamination cans and all the guns that go onboard of various different fire fighting apparatus. And so that global picture right now is actually pretty good. In the U.S., it's kind of counterintuitive to some degree that it's not bad either, and backlogs are actually reasonable within the apparatus builders. And we see pretty positive performance out of the mid-sized truck builders right now. And there is frankly still a fair amount of the municipal spend in the U.S. being dedicated to Fire & Safety all up. I'll ask Dom...
Dominic Romeo: Yes, right here, right now the OEMs are holding it, actually held them pretty well throughout month of December and the order rate is very much into fairly solid. I think the other thing to mention is this is the enterprise where the last couple of years we've done the most with cost to get cost out of the equation and you obviously see that in the margin rate. So, we are fairly well positioned on the cost side as well.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay, got it. Thanks very much.
Larry Kingsley: Sure, Walt.
Operator: Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets is next.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning.
Larry Kingsley: Hi, Charlie.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Just based on the FX impact, the exchange rate you are using, is that as of the end of the quarter 12/31 or is it a more recent exchange rate?
Dominic Romeo: As Larry mentioned, that assumes the rates in effect, so in regard to the 2009 guidance that negative 3% assumes rates stay where they are...
Larry Kingsley: At the end of January.
Dominic Romeo: At the end of... yes.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: At the end of December or end of January?
Dominic Romeo: Basically, at the 130 or so range for the euro is the flops here.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. And with regard to the Dispensing business, in your prepared comments you mentioned telling along opportunity in the retail. Could you just explain on that, may be give a little more granularity of what that would entail?
Larry Kingsley: We have very high expectations that there is going to be some commitments to fairly large replenishment activity here very shortly, and I won't get more granular than that for now.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Will that be among several customers or a large customer?
Larry Kingsley: At least one.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Fair enough. Can you just remind us your debt covenant level ratios where they stand? I know you are well above that, but just so we have that information?
Dominic Romeo: Yes, 3.25 for the coverage ratio, as you see from the chart we're well below that. We've got plenty of capability planning to the close to being initiative this point in time.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Again, one final question and I'll get be back in the queue. On the inventory levels, they are obviously up in the Q4, but you made some acquisitions. If you were to back out acquisitions that you made, where would that inventory level have been, would it have been down in the fourth quarter?
Dominic Romeo: If you look at the fourth quarter, we did realize a bit of a reduction, but if you look at it on annual basis, almost the entire 214 that we report versus the 177 is all acquisition. So when you look at turns and that sequence of events, we are relatively flat on turns as well year-over-year.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Great, thanks very much.
Larry Kingsley: Sure Charles.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Good morning.
Larry Kingsley: Hi.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Just wanted to go into a little review of the customer concentration by segment, don't know what the best way to talk about it is, maybe top three approximation by segment?
Larry Kingsley: Okay. I am not going to quantify it. But to tell you, again on relative basis, our highest concentration is in Health & Science. And then you, for top three get to similar levels of concentration for Dispensing and Fire & Safety on a global basis. And Fluid & Metering is thousands of customers. Top three for any of the segments does an aggregate tally to more than been about 15%, 12% actually.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay, 12%. Great, thanks. I had to add, with there literally every other questions been asked.
Larry Kingsley: Sure.
Operator: Next we'll take a follow-up from Michael Schneider with Robert Baird.
Larry Kingsley: Hey, Mike.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Guys, just on the low end of guidance, you made it clear you are comfortable with that number. I guess I am trying to figure out what gets you there because as I run the math, it looks like if you do not account for the 19 million, 20 million in savings from restructuring, you are assuming a decremental margin on that 10% organic decline of something around 170%. And what I've done there is taken the top line down by 10% organically, added in 100 million from the four acquisitions yet to contribute in 2009, and it looks like again you're assuming a very dramatic number in decremental margins. And even if now you add back the 19 million, you're still over 100%, so the $1.50 number on minus 10% seems almost inconceivable. I am wondering what gets you there. Is it something more than minus 10% organic, is it something about the acquisitions or is it something within the cost structure that we should be aware of that gets you there? Or indeed is this just your worse case estimate?
Dominic Romeo: Mike, the way I described it, and I didn't follow your acquisition scenario. There is nothing in the acquisitions, you may have double counted the way you think of that. But think of the 1.50 as absolutely how you describe, it's kind of the worst case. And I would also say that we've got plenty of available cost action to avoid that kind of a scenario, but obviously this is the book end. I think the 1.80 we can all do the math, and the negative 6 and see how the productivity and FX and acquisitions play through. And once you go to negative turn, obviously there would be another set of discussions around cost actions that give a bit circular at the 1.50 as you might guess relative to another repositioning action. So, I think your points are well taken, but we felt the need to kind of show that bottom, but that bottom is truly a bottom that we think we could avoid with cost actions which fundamentally is in your logic when you think about flow through and how the companies operating model would work.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Great. And the flow through on the way up in this tough cycle has been 35% to 40% ex-acquisitions and currency pretty consistently. So I know Q1, its somewhat of a below that for everybody, but as we get into Q2 and inventories at least somewhat normalized throughout the system, production rates are presumably back up to that base rate of demand. Is there any reason that decremental margins, again ex-acquisitions and currency wouldn't be the reverse of that plus 40 and or minus 35 to 40? And again just coming at this question, different direction, because the assumption in the low end is two or three times that number?
Dominic Romeo: I think Mike your points well taken. I think it... once you get to I guess anything call it normalized growth, but if you get to that negative 4, 5% versus a negative 10 as you might guess, the productivity equation is much different. So yeah, I'd expected to see our Q2, Q3 and Q4 margin as it expand sequentially from Q1 absolutely.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you again.
Larry Kingsley: Thank you Mike.
Operator: And Scott Graham with Ladenburg has a follow-up.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: Yes. Question for you, Dom, on the cash flow statement, can you tell us what for the full year or the quarter doesn't matter, can gross cash from operations was, the change in working capital and then cash from operations?
Dominic Romeo: Sure. We'll issue this with our Q and our K. Let me do the quarter only, Scott. Cash flow from operating activities was roughly 54 million. Within that, we realized about 9 to $10 million reduction in working capital, primarily receivables. We spent about 9 million of cash on plant, property and equipment in the quarter, which translates to the 45 we show in the release.
Scott Graham - Ladenburg: Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to our host for any closing or additional remarks.
Larry Kingsley: Well, we just like to thank everybody for joining the Q4 '08 call. We'd also like to thank you for your interest in our company. I'd like to again acknowledge the really strong work done by both our corporate team and our operating leadership through the course of Q3 and Q4, really just fantastic work done to I think properly position us for where we think we are now and undoubtedly in really good shape to execute well through the course of '09. So we'll look forward to talking with you all three months from now, if not many times in between. Thanks very much.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference call. Thank you for joining us today.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Heath A. Mitts - VP, Corporate Finance Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and CEO Dominic A. Romeo - VP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the IDEX Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Heath Mitts, Vice President of Corporate Finance. Mr. Mitts, please go ahead, sir.
Heath A. Mitts - Vice President, Corporate Finance: Thank you, Rufus. Good morning and thank you for joining us, for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter 2008 financial results. Yesterday, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months period ending September 30, 2008. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Larry Kingsley, Chairman and CEO; and Dom Romeo, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: we will begin with an update on our overall performance for the quarter. And then provide detail on our four business segments. We will then provide an update on the recent acquisitions and restructuring initiatives. And we'll wrap up with the outlook for 2008 and the fourth quarter. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 888-203-1112 and entering the conference ID 1429642, or simply log onto our company homepage for the webcast replay. As we began, a brief remainder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn this call over to our CEO, Larry Kingsley. Larry?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Heath. Good morning all. A quick summary of our operating performance for the quarter; third quarter orders of $353 million increased 8% from last year, sales of $365 million increased 9% from last year, organic growth was 1%. Operating income was down 4%, reporting operating margin of 16.7% was down by 220 basis points from last year, driven primarily by the impact of the restructuring related charges, associated with previously announced restructuring initiatives as well as the impact from acquisitions. Excluding the impact of the restructuring charges and acquisitions, operating margin was 18.6%, down 30 basis points from prior year. EPS was up 4% to $0.49, and excluding the impact of the restructuring costs, diluted EPS was up 13% to $0.53. Record free cash flow of nearly $68 million, was up 26% from last year. For the year, we're well on our way to exceeding $200 million of free cash flow or over 120% of net income, which is a record for the company obviously. So now, we'll walk through these performances by segment. For the Fluid & Metering segment, orders were up 21% in the quarter, sales increased 80%, 13% from recent acquisitions, and 4% on an organic basis. Operating income of $34 million with a 9% increase from last year, operating margin of 20.1%, was down a 180 basis points from Q3 of '07, excluding the impacts of acquisitions, operating margin was 21.5% or down 40 basis points from Q3 of last year. And that's largely due to mix within the segment. While our overall results for FMT were good in Q3, it's clear that some of the process industry and segments are slowing. So accordingly, we're taking appropriate cost actions. At the same time, our end market content has improved over the past few years. And based on our exposures, several factors lead us to believe that we can outperform the general process control market. One, with the completion of iPEK and IETG, we now have $200 million of revenue in the water, particularly the waste water services portions of our FMT strategy. Two, our energy business, primarily a liquid controls group, continues to leverage strong channel penetration, and the build-out of the refined fuel infrastructure. And three, nearly half of fluid metering now is outside the U.S and we're seeing nice traction with our international sales growth investments that we've made over the past two years, particularly in Asia and in the Middle East. And we've made significant sales, marketing and engineering investments to drive the ongoing global expansion. And now turning to slide seven; in our HST segment, orders were down 2% for the quarter, sales were flat, were down 4% organically. Operating income was up 3%. Operating margin of 20.7% was up 60 basis points compared to last year. Our core market focus as you know is the fluidic devices that are used in analytic instrumentation, clinical diagnostic applications, as well as the medical devices and key components used in medical equipment. We continued to anticipate core business growth, driven by end market demand for new generation equipment. The equipment that is... it's required for about the microliter, and the even the nanoliter applications in biotech, drug discovery and in the clinical environment. With the acquisition of Semrock, which we just announced yesterday will add product contents and applications expertise, again in the analytical instrumentation and the clinical spaces. With our continually driving product platform and integrated solutions approach, we expect positive organic growth in '09. In dispensing equipment on slide eight, orders in the quarter were down 27%, sales decreased 17% and organically we're down 21%. Margin was down 760 basis points, compared to prior year, primarily due to the lower the volume of both North America and Europe. As noted in our October 6 earnings release, our update deteriorating economic conditions and lower capital spending in the segments resulted in an order reduction for capital equipments within retail paints and coatings. In addition, we've been informed by a major retailer of their decision to use the competitors dispensing equipment in their current equipment replacement programs. We expect that the North American and European markets for this segment will remain soft through '09. To mitigate the impact from these challenges, we've taken appropriate cost actions to size the dispensing business for the expected volume softness, both in the USA and in Europe. So we're not pleased with dispensing segment performance that we've already taken action to ensure that the segment's profit will improve and continue to provide strong cash generation to IDEX. Moving now to Fire & Safety on slide nine. For the quarter, orders were up 9%, sales were up 15% and organic sales were up 30%. Operating margin at 25.3% was up 190 basis points compared to last year. As you know, we provide the pumps, the valves, the control devices as well as the full set of systems for fire suppression. We also manufacture a broad line of rescue equipments used in first response and in industrial applications. And lastly, we include our band clamping business in this segment. The three fire suppression, rescue and band clamping each contribute about a third of total sales in segment. For the quarter, our rescue tools business grew at double-digit rates. We anticipate that the rescue tools business will continue to perform well in a challenging environment as we continue to drive innovation and grow internationally. Demand from the developed countries to the new developing markets continues to be strong. The band clamping business continues to perform well, driven by demand for infrastructure related applications. Here again, we anticipate reasonable growth driven by good end market exposure and continued served market expansion. As we expected the fire suppression market is stable, while we're keeping a close watch on the domestic municipal market, demand in the global market continues to remain comparably stronger. During the quarter, the segment expanded nicely in Asia. In total for the segment, we anticipate mid-single digit organic growth driven by continued expansions in the band clamping and the risk at tools businesses. So, I'll now turn to acquisitions. We completed four acquisitions over the past three months, which will add annualized revenues of approximately $130 million, and approximately $33 million of EBITDA. On October 1, we completed the acquisition of Richter, a leading provider of corrosion-resistant pumps, valves, and control equipment. Richter's expertise is that its proprietary Teflon lines product range. The corrosion-resistant Teflon line, pumps and valves are preferred substitutes to exotic metals. The demand for corrosion-resistant process equipment continues to grow. And it rates that are higher than the overall process industry. Based on more stringent safety and environmental standards, and the heightened environmental awareness in China, India, Russia and Brazil in particularly. Headquartered in Kempen, Germany, Richter also has manufacturing in Asia. Richter's capabilities will further enable us to serve demand and specific chemical and other processing industry applications while enhancing our global position. So, Richter adds $53 million of revenue and expects to be accretive to earnings in '09. Our outlook on the global water market remains positive. The fresh water shortage and the need for portable water continue to drive demand in the developing nations, while the regulatory requirements in the Western world for pollution prevention are dictating continued municipal and industrial spend. At January, we acquired ADS, if you remember, that extended our water and waste water services offering. And we continue to build on that base. In October, we acquired two companies specialized in waste water services and infrastructure analysis. The first of the two acquisitions, iPEK is a leading provider of remote controlled systems used for infrastructure analysis. iPEK manufactures state-of-the-art imaging, sensing and data cataloguing devices, which are used to assess physically use and condition. iPEK has annual revenues of approximately $26 million and is expected to be accretive, again, to '09 earnings. IETG, the second in the waste water space, is a leading provider of flow monitoring and underground utility detection and mapping services. With IETG's expertise, we are able to offer our customers an end-to-end manage solution ensuring optimal network efficiency. IETG's presence in the UK and European market will enable us to extend our footprint supporting the expansion of deepwater, wastewater platform within the fluid metering technology segment. IETG has annual revenues of approximately $25 million. And again, it's expected to be accretive to '09 earnings. So with the addition of both iPEK and IETG we're extending our geographic footprints. We've added core product and service capability as part of our wastewater strategy. Now, we just closed the acquisition of Semrock. Semrock is a leading manufacturer of optical filters for the biotechnology and life science markets. The new available imaging techniques that are used in molecular analysis enable detection, identification and observation of biological and chemical activity and optic filters enable the selective transmission of light, which enables that microscopic fluid analysis. Semrock's expertise in this market will enable us to continue serving the growing demand for fluidic solutions, extending our offerings with existing OEMs, and provide us with significant new access to new opportunities within the health and life sciences markets. Semrock's products are purchased as part of the original equipment design, but there are also replacement devices that are purchased for post-OEM purchases once the equipment is installed. Semrock is headquartered in Rochester, New York, and has annual earnings, excuse me, revenues of approximately $20 million. And we, again, expect it to be accretive next year. As previously announced, we've begun the process to close manufacturing operations in the dispensing segments Milan facility. In addition, we've initiated companywide plans for management, administrative workforce reductions, as well as additional facility consolidation. The projected savings in costs and operating expenses resulting from these restructuring activities is expected to be between $15 million and $17 million annually, beginning in 2009. The company expects these actions to result in restructuring-related charges, totaling approximately $15 million, over the second half of '08. These costs are inclusive of the estimated $5 million to $6 million relating to the Milan facility closures. So we now wrap up with outlook for the full year and the fourth quarter. Based on the results and the assumptions we just reviewed, we anticipate full year growth rates at 10% to 11%. Organic growth is expected to be in the low single-digits. Acquisitions will contribute 7%, FX is assumed to contribute two. Based on that volume range, our adjusted EPS estimate is $2 to $2.04. For the fourth quarter of '08 we anticipate total sales growth of 8% to 10%, of growth driven primarily by the impact of acquisitions. Organic growth is projected to be down slightly driven by dispensing's anticipated performance. Based on this, we estimate the fourth quarter EPS will be between $0.41 and $0.45 per share. So with that we'll take a break and open the line to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. And for our first question, we go to Mike Schneider with Robert Baird.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Good morning, everyone.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Mike.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Maybe we can start with Larry with the Fluid and Metering division. The orders for the quarter, do you happen to know what the organic rate was? And then can you give us a sense of what changed the most notably since last quarter, because orders were up 11% organically last quarter?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Let me give the numbers Mike. I just want to make sure organic orders were six, and to give you a sense for end markets Mike was that second half of your question?
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Yes, just so the orders did decelerate from plus 11 last quarter to plus six this quarter. Just what was the most notable change either by business segment or marketing and any details on why?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, sure. Well, let me take a step back Mike; think about the breakout of this FMT by end markets. Because I think that gives us a broader perspective too looking forward, the three biggest segments, end markets that we serve within Fluid Metering are refine fuels and gases, what we typically refer to as energy. Water, which is mainly waste water as you know. And then you get chemical, which is they're all in aggregate about 75% of FMT's end market exposure. We continue to see a very strong demand of the energy end markets. We continue to see and have pretty good visibility toward very strong waste water performance. The only water market's softness that we've seen is in some of the lower priced pumps that are used in the associate residential and some of the later commercial applications for water treatment that goes into the boiler applications and things of that sort. And in chemical, which chemical orders did come down a bit in the quarter. Now, we think that they are not going to continue to degrade; they actually look at though they've flattened out. But that represents the largest sequential order decline Q3... Q2 to Q3. Beyond those three large segments, FMT is exposed to essentially Ag, which remains decent. The pharma and food segments and food was... did soften a bit from Q2 to Q3. And we don't think that, that likely will continue either as we look out into 2009. So, if you look at the overall process environment our overall FMT exposure there will be different end market performance expectations as we can go out planning and assumptions set for '09. We think more of the same as probably the likely outcome or energy remains comparatively strong waste water and particular the water portion again is strong. Chemical, we think, will be probably positive end market growth but not hugely so. And then the other smaller segments again, positive but not hugely so.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: And then just the backlog level in fluid and metering, given that orders again, were up 11% last quarter, up 6% this quarter. And yet organic growth was only up 4% this quarter. It looks like you must be building substantial backlog or is there some other phenomenon occurring?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's just building a little bit of backlog Mike. And so no, there's not a huge order push-out phenomenon that's tied into those sequential numbers.
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Mike, you also have the impact of ADS being out for this year, which does have a longer backlog but that's on the acquisition side as we book keep orders.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just a question on HST, and then I will get back in line. The core business you mentioned remains resilient. What was the core business up this quarter? And then can you talk about gas and the other portions of HST and just what's going on sequentially there?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The core business did remain strong for the quarter. And again, let's take a look maybe broader perspective on the entire segment. As you all remember we... in the third quarter, essentially finally some OEM [ph] impact on a comp basis that we have within HST. There is just a very, very little bit of trailing comp impact in the fourth quarter. The third quarter headwind associated with those commercial OEM contracts that we've been subsetting for the course of this year was fairly substantial. It's more than 600 basis points of growth for the segment. So, if you pull that out without delving into all the various subset with HST, you'd see positive growth in HST of maybe about 3, 3.5, 4%.
Operator: Any further questions, sir.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: No. Thank you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: And we go next to Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, thanks and good morning. Just to have your comments on FMT in some of the process market slowing, could you just give a green Larry, where you're seeing that slowing?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sorry HST or FMT?
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: FMT?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. FMT again, we saw between Q2 and Q3 quarter rate slow in the end-markets of our chemical process applications. And we did see the same in some of the commercial food applications and in some of the OEM equipment prototype to residential applications or things that are going to cycle I think more so with the construction markets. Other than that, we saw energy again very strong. Water, particularly the waste water pieces strong, Ag remains strong. And most of the other smaller segments are a mix of, down sequentially but still remain in positive growth territory.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: And with regard from the dispensing and the decline you saw in the quarter, has that stabilized subsequent to the end of the quarter or has it gotten any worse?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Dispensing basically sell-off end of August, beginning of September it was principally zero. There is a number of things impacting dispensing, some of which is financing for equipment both here and Europe. But, also dispensing always been a pretty lumpy business and there aren't any large projects right now that we're betting on. In terms of how you would run-rate dispensing out of Q3 forward, we don't think it gets worse on a year-over-year basis. But we are not assuming any immediate kick backup. And the major components to that are there aren't as many major programs other than the retailers or new equipment right now in total. New store openings are obviously way-off. And we think that where cash is key, the smaller retailers are going to preserve their capital, and they're probably not going to spend in the short-term. As a possibility that given pent-up demand, we could see some of that return at some point, little part of next year, but again not seeing any further deterioration, but certainly not expecting any immediate kick back-up.
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Again Charlie, Larry our prepared comments... our Q4 guidance is for 20% decline in dispensing. So, it's fairly consistent with what we've experienced in 20% plus, consistent with what we've experienced in Q3.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And just one last question, I'll get back n the queue. With regard to the acquisitions you've made, specifically iPEK and IETG, to what degree any, do they rely on municipal or government types funding for the projects that they are selling into?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It's a great question. Charlie, now the reason that we like ADS, iPEK and IETG is that those businesses are service models that are... those are funds that are spent ahead of the major capital outlay. And then typically use to determine the capital outlay. And so, we don't see the same potential impact as where perhaps major capital programs may get delayed because these things typically are at a programmatic basis, get spent out of the current funding basis. So, we think that whether it's a municipality looking at just understanding their infrastructure requirements in preparation for major outlay or to determine if that can be spent now or later that the funds associated with the ADS, iPEK and the IETG business model will remain fairly strong. The indications that we're seeing now out of ADS, which obviously we want longer since January this year, certainly support that. So again, we don't thing we're going to see the dramatic impact if there is ongoing constraint around capital outlay from major projects as some of the others were associated with that major equipment production.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: And for our next question, we go to Ajay Kejriwal with Goldman Sachs.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, gentlemen.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ajay.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Upload the restructuring initiatives here, wondering if you could talk about that time line, when these actions will be completed and thoughts on whether there could be more down the line or you feel good about the cost structure post the restructuring?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Ajay, if you look at what we've already initiated, obviously we are aware we're in a relatively uncertain environment, we decided to go ahead and not understanding what the '09 top line opportunity look like. But certainly not assuming all dim and bloom either, just to get ahead of it on the cost side. And so, the $15 million to $17 million of cost actions that we essentially have already initiated, we believe will be largely complete by the end of the year with some trailing impact into the first part of the first quarter will set us up very nicely for all of '09. So, if you want to think about the impact here on an EPS basis, we should hopefully get $0.15 or so out of the cost actions that are already well underway for '09.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: And these actions put you on a good footing versus your real economic environment for 2009?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Based on the way that we are modeling, again within the unknown, these cost actions... well, you think about frankly the combination of the acquisition impact, the EPS next year, the cost action impact to next year, we think that the price versus material inputs equation for next year will be a net positive. We think with what we know now that we are doing the right thing structurally to set ourselves up for a good '09 EPS insurance plans if you want to call that.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Great. And maybe some more color on dispensing on the loss of that contract. What was the issue? Was it pricing, was it product features, and are other there contracts that could be at risk, maybe some more color around that contract.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, sure Ajay. Essentially, it was commercial decision. It was decision by one of the U.S. retailers to go ahead and use someone else's equipment. There is, for a number of reasons, we can't really get into a lot of specific comments. And, there are some other issues that play here in the dynamic of the project itself. But, it was basically a decision by the customer to use a competitor's technology that we, for commercial reasons we're calling.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Right. And what about your assessment or threats or risk with other contracts in the U.S.?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No. We don't see there. This thing is been a still over that are associated with Ajay.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Well, thank you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: For our next question, we'll go to Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, thanks. Can you just review again, the allocation of the restructuring actions besides dispensing, where else they are taking products?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't broken them out outside of dispensing Christopher. So, the answer is we would leave it on a companywide basis using the $15 million to $17 million of companywide inclusive of the Milan and things.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And, a little bit on... any specificity around the degree of accretion from the acquisitions or color on there, historic growth rates or market penetration share, things like that?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In the analysis for Semrock, we gave you the EBITDA and the sales as we saw the run rates of all four businesses. We won't have a view on intangibles for a few weeks yet. So, we'll have to guide on that later. But the growth rates are excellent. And as Larry mentioned, these are great fits with our existing portfolio. So you get a good feel for the revenue and the EBITDA in the Semrock release.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Go next to Walt Liptak with Barrington Research.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Walt.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: And I may have missed this, but the organic orders, could you go through the four segments, and tell us exactly what the order growth was per segment?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Walt, 6 or 7 for FMT. If we look at HST, remember, we've got the impact of the contracts that were actually this year, so the organic growth rate, there is about negative for dispensing, down 25% to 30%, and our FSD up 7% or so organically.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay and --
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The growth rates for orders followed are our sales growth rates by segment plus or minus.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. And then just a couple of more quick ones. The European economies have declined rapidly. I wonder what the outlook is for the Fire & Safety division. As we look out, I mean, are there growth initiatives that... is that more Asia driven? Can you keep your international part of the business growing next year?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Walt, what we're seeing now in the way of growth is essentially coming out of the lesser developed country markets for the most part. We're seeing some of the markets that we've talked about in prior calls continue to spend on both the fire side and particularly on the rescue side. So it's Middle East, Asia, Eastern Europe, and we're very well positioned there now. As you remember, we acquired Tingley [ph] and really afford, and that gives us the great position to serve Asia, but also great cost platform to serve some of other emerging country markets. The rescue tools business out of the two continues to see new country marketplace orders that have historically never done so. And then piggy-bag those with expense hence they work their way around the country by regions. So we think that the lesser developed country markets will remain quite strong. Europe, on a municipal spend basis is slightly comparatively better than the U.S as Western Europe. And we think also that remains pretty good. So, now we are expecting huge things out of our fire suppression side as we look forward. We are seeing stable market. On the rescue tool side, we still have hopes for a very nice positive growth contribution as we look into next year.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. Okay, and then lastly, if I could just ask sort of a leading question on 2009. You kind of set it out saying that you've got this... the benefits in 2009 of $0.15, accretion from acquisition, better price cost. Are you looking for an up year in earnings or would you expect an up year in earnings in 2009?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Just to be clear, Walt, what we're saying is some $0.15 accretion as a function of the restructuring costs in these cost savings, excuse me, the cost savings associated with restructuring activity as we head into '09. Acquisition impact would obviously be above beyond that and probably figure $0.10 or so accretion for '09. Something in the neighborhood. The EPS target at this point is obviously a function of organic growth. We're early in our business planning process for '09 but we don't expect to certainly see a down year on the EPS line. Based on the three components that I mentioned, the cost savings that are essentially money in the bank as we head into the beginning of the year, the acquisition impact which should be very solid and I think pretty well already done and doesn't include obviously '09 acquisitions. And then the price versus direct material equation that we're anticipating for next year, just those three on top of even Q4 run rate EPS gets us to a little bit of EPS growth. So I think that even conservative base rate modeling without understanding top line for '09 completely yet. But with some pretty known components already, nicely set up for next year, we feel good about at least EPS preservation if not decent growth.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. That sounds great right now. Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: For our next question we go to Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Couple of questions, what will drag be in the fourth quarter for HST on those contractual roll-offs?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The minor, couple of 100 basis points.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then with respect to dispensing this... the development you had with one of your customers is more competitive bidding process. I guess going forward what's your strategy and your response going to be, if this is now more of a permanent thing with this customer?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Matt, we're not trying to dodge the question. But put simply there is elements of where we stand at this point, with the competitive dynamic that we can't really speak to in lot of detail. With regard to our customer relationship remain strong, and we continue to work with the customer. We continue to sell them equipment and service equipment for them. And we expect a long relationship.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Historically, I think you guys have done somewhere in the range of 2 to 3 points of price per year. Are you thinking for 2009 you will be able to get something similar?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: For the last few years, we've gotten between 170 and 220 basis points. So, not quite three points on price but more like 180-ish. Next year might be a slightly more difficult environment, but again on the cost side, particularly material inputs, it's going to be, we think, a much better equitation. So you probably... if we had to guess, we are early in the process and preplanned. But now price might be a little more difficult next year. Costs will be no better. And the other thing to remember, we are a customized product business. Most everything we do is engineered to a customer specific requirement. And therefore... and we probably won't see a commodity like relationship to price that would affect us in any dramatic way. So it's perhaps the case that we see a little less upside, but not a dramatic negative impact as a function of overall commodity pricing that we're seeing.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: We go next to Mike Schneider with Robert Baird.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Larry just some follow-ups and maybe first on HST. Again, could you just call on specifically what the core analytical businesses grew in the quarter, so we can separate kind of the OEM hit from what's going on in the core business that you've focused on?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: 4% organic, Mike.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: 4%. Okay. Also --
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: A little better than that.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: So, if you scrub then the OEM contract, divestitures or endings [ph] is or however you like to phrase them. So even the core gas and industrial businesses grew in the quarter?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then you say you expect positive organic growth rate for HST in 2009. Can you give us your assumption as to recession, no recession for I guess, imbedded in that forecast?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Current degree of economic uncertainty gets us to what we said in my prepared remarks, wouldn't go in anymore. Specific comments I think it at this point Mike. But we are largely banking on the fact that we've got customers that are going to develop new platforms. They've already got specific launch plans. We're on those platforms. We see new volume opportunities that come out of what content for a platform, under some of the newer stuff coming out. So the adverse impact is going to be their unit volume, and that's the part that's obviously harder to determine at this point.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: And if you assume those unit volumes decline at your customers for the core businesses, in line with the economy.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't assumed that our customers in total, in that core HST space are going to see equipment volume increases. That's all up, that assumption probably hasn't down slightly with our content increases.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, the boost from the OEM contracts in 2009, just on comparisons stamp, do you have a dollar amount, or a percentage point boost that growth rate that HST actually benefits in 2009?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For the full year Mike, I'd say it's about 3% or 4%, maybe 5%.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just a question on HST, the rescue tools business growing very nicely as you mentioned on international orders in particular. Have you seen any cancellations domestically or any signs indeed that tighten municipal budget here or broader, having an impact in existing programs?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The domestic sales are flat to up very slightly and we have seen a couple of cancellations. And that would be... only I think couple more than we've seen typically in a quarter. So it's not a massive concern out of any of the domestic municipal spending programs for rescue tools. As you know on the fire side and overall truck demand has been down now for a few quarters. And so it's not continued to deteriorate that's been down versus historic run rates. Rescue tools continue to be a pretty important purchase item and something that gets budget clearance quickly out of the municipality, that's the global comment, not just the U.S.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay and on the acquisitions, the D&A levels for the deals, I presume you're still finalizing the figures. But can you give us a rough sense of what we should assume for the four deals and as far as incremental D&A on an annualized basis?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Mike, at this point, we can't. You could run rate your own model based on our track record but obviously with completing the last three and the last week or so we're still little early in the process so that the EBITDA that we've given you in the current announcements where we are right now. So we'll advise on that when we talk next time.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: In ballpark terms, would $10 million of the $33 million in EBITDA be roughly DA?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike I am not going to let you tune me down right now. We're really too early in the process but you can run rate the typical... our internal assumptions are the typical run rates of prior acquisitions. These are all very high cash flow generating companies with low capital. So there is a fairly substantial analysis to go through the customer list and the intangibles as you know.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then on interest expense, what run rate are you assuming for dollars of interest expense in Q4 guidance?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We haven't gotten that prescripted yet Mike, other than the fact, the acquisitions will be probably breakeven once we look at the incremental interest expense and the impact of intangibles. And again, it may whittle a little bit just based on timing.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Then maybe a different way to attack, it is the $233 million in cash here on the balance sheet, how much of that is left after paying for the final deal here with Semrock?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: About $50 million Mike.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And should we assume you maintain that rate and just pay down the revolver then going forward?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That would be a correct modeling assumption Mike.
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Michael Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. All right, thank you again guys.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet Mike.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Wendy Caplan with Wachovia Securities.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Thank you. Good morning.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Wendy.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Historically IDEX has been a collection of primarily book and ship products with some exceptions including dispensing, which has been more project related, you mentioned lumpy, somewhat longer lead time segment. So, it's somewhat surprising to me and somewhat confusing that that was the business that was called out as being an issue for the quarter. Can you share with us, which part of European slowing, fewer programs in terms of retail programs, lots of the contract was the surprise? And I guess the follow-on question would be, what degree of confidence that... do you have that your visibility is better today than it was, say, three months ago?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes sure, Wendy, let me come back at hopefully comprehensive regi [ph]. First of all, it's really not a much longer lead component to dispensing versus IDEX. Now it is more of a project-related business. But the book to ship window for that business is still relatively tight. And we're at... as you know, very good at turning what is that lumpiness operationally. So, we don't typically see more than a couple of months worth of actual bookings visibility to project associated shipments. What the trail-off in the third quarter, and during the quarter, as I said toward the end of August, we weren't sure in Europe that it was first... the typically European seasonality or there really was some financing associated constrains around purchasing. But there was essentially two things in Europe; first, that we believe that where the smaller customer didn't have access to financing or inclusive of leasing capability, they have deferred the purchase. And therefore they are running on an aging equipment fleet for the time being. Now that won't continue because at some point, the equipment doesn't work, you've got to replace it. But they are limping along short-term. The other European piece that as you remember the paint companies buy the equipment and then they allocated out in many cases to the wholesale or retail channel as part of a comprehensive contract for the actual paint supply. And the paint companies pulled in their associated purchase strings too in the third quarter in Europe. So, we saw them pretty quickly pull them in that. We think there is some opportunity for some of that to relax as we give into the middle part of next year, but same dynamic applies. They are using in many cases in those applications, equipments that perhaps over than it should be. And the same replacement math that we've always talked about applies, is just whether or not short-term they get by. In the U.S., we not expected a lot other than new store openings components for the year for that matter in the quarter. But there is nothing there that's been better buoyancy either. So we haven't seen any new store openings. And of the major retailers, most of them have at least short-term plan down on their CapEx. We know that some of them are already planning for continued spend maybe at a very slightly reduced rate versus where they were first half of '08 as they go into the first half of 2009. But it's primarily when the smaller guys in the U.S., who, again, have seen some very unexpected financing constraints that manifested during the quarter that has held-off on their purchases and that drove most of that. The customer agreement, sorry, the customer contract that I spoke to just a minute ago without going through it all again in detail was not a large part of our assumptions set for the quarter. So, that wasn't a big surprise. It had a lot more to do with just the... those folks that have made a cash decision to push something out we think we assume short-term kind of limp along on what they've got.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: So, just to kind of understand this a little better, I mean I know that you had talked about the small guys in the U.S., so that wasn't new news. And, so it's primarily the fact that Europe didn't recover the way it might have after a vacation filled August slowdown that led you to kind of raise the flag on this segment?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The largest portion of the Q3 in quarter change and book to ship rate came out of the smaller and mid size European customer commitments. And, that combined with the fact that in any business you always have offsetting elements. There was not an offsetting element otherwise within global dispensing during the quarter. So, yes, your point is correct.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: And for their other situations across IDEX that you expand, look across all the businesses that maybe could portend future issues like this in terms of your maybe I'm sure hope is not the right word. But that you are seeing some weakness, but you don't... you are not quite at the point to pull the plug in terms of aggressive cost cutting or, do you think that you are seeing it all? Is that a fair question, you know what I'm saying?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I know what you're saying. Wendy, I think that the biggest difference between dispensing and the rest of IDEX is that some portion of the dispensing customer base does require financing to buy their equipment. So, it's a different kind of purchase than what you see anywhere else in the company. We basically, typically, are either a new equipment or an MRO type of purchase. And as you know Fluid Metering is combination of the two as are the other segments. So, there isn't a dynamic of someone seeking financing to buy the equipment now there is there are the discretionary nature of the timing of the purchase as there is in dispensing. So, do we have complete grip on '09? I'd say, no. I don't think the world does at this point. We've gone ahead and plan for reasonably conservative organic assumption set, based on what we see right now and put us in good cost position. And we always are going to be closely watching what we think is happening. If we need to get more aggressive on cost, we remain capable of doing so. But at this point, we think that the remainder of the company doesn't suffer the same kind of short-term potential issues because there isn't a purchase dynamic like there is in dispensing around that both the financing requirements as well as the discretionary nature of the timing of the purchase.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay, that's fair. Thank you. And finally in Fire & safety and Diversified can you... are you making the assumption that the mix should continue to remain favorable towards rescue tools and banded?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, yes.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet, Wendy.
Operator: And we go next to the Jimmy Kim [ph] with RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to get some clarification on your guidance. By my math, if you have Q4 sales going up by 4%, that gets you to the low end of your '08 revenue guidance of 10%. And I think the guidance you gave for Q4 was 8% to 10%?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right, Jimmy. Without getting too specific, I think you got... the top line guidance we've given includes the recent acquisitions as well. So, you kind of got to do the math on what we've announced in terms of the four acquisitions for the quarter. And that I think is the bridge on your top line commentary. The currency side of this is largely flat year-over-year, maybe a bit of the drag. So, that the balances and assumption on organic, and I would tell you at this point, we've looked at organic and there is a range in our assumption set. But I would all get into descriptive, that's the combination of those events that result in the low and top end of the range.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, expect maybe flat currency and probably double-digit acquisition?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. That's actually what's on the slide. It's 8% to 10% in total acquisitions, 10% to 12%.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions on our roster. Therefore, Mr. Kingsley I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you. Let me just follow on couple of questions that were asked, and make sure a couple of points are clear. Definitely, the economic outlook, certainly on a macro basis is uncertain. We clearly expect that the organic environment will be more difficult as we go into next year. And at the same time as we've talked about and quantified, the combinations of actions that are already in place and underway, get us off to a great start with cost, actions that will largely be complete, as we enter the new year, so well ahead on that side. And, the new acquisitions, which will have a nice positive impact next year as well. The other thing that we didn't talk about too much or as much in the call is our balance sheet is in fantastic shape. Post these transactions we have plenty of capacity, should we choose to continue as we enter into the New Year with $220 million of capability available, plus the free cash that we'll generate through the course next year which... now just, if you look at run rate this year, plus a little bit of improvement irrespective of the organic assumptions that get you to somewhere north of $220 million of free cash generation, even more than that next year in all these acquisitions. So obviously, we've got plenty of balanced sheet capability at this point that continue to execute our strategic growth plans. That being the case, we really think that it becomes more of a buyers' market as we head into the year and that it sets itself nicely or continuing to execute the things that we've got in our proprietary file. So, in general and in summary, I'd say we don't take a fairly sober look at the general market, and with the unknown as the assumption, we planned in a very appropriate fashion to get that cost now, to set ourselves up nicely for next year. And, we think it's a very appropriate planning assumption set as we now work through the mechanics of understanding '09 and a lot of detail. I want to thank everybody for joining. And we look forward to seeing you off soon.
Operator: And again, ladies and gentleman, this does conclude the IDEX's third quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. We do appreciate your participation. And you may disconnect at this time. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Heath A. Mitts - VP, Corporate Finance Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and CEO Dominic A. Romeo - VP and CFO
Analysts: Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ned Armstrong - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome everyone to the IDEX Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President, Corporate Finance, Mr. Heath Mitts. Please go ahead sir.
Heath A. Mitts - Vice President, Corporate Finance: Thank you, John. Good morning and thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX second quarter 2008 financial results. Yesterday, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months period ending June 30th, 2008. The press release along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company's website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Larry Kingsley, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dom Romeo, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. First, Larry will update you on our overall performance for the quarter across our company and four business segments. Then he will take you through our financial results for the quarter, and Larry will wrap up with the outlook for 2008 and the third quarter. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 888-203-1112 and entering the conference ID 4450651, or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll turn the call over to our CEO, Larry Kingsley. Larry?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Heath. Good morning. Now, a quick summary of our operating performance for the quarter. Orders were up 19%. Sales were up 15%. EPS was up 10% to $0.56 and we achieved record free cash flow of $61 million. Our business units performed well, and our acquisitions are contributing to our growth and our profitability per our expectations. Overall, we are pleased with our performance for the second quarter. If you look at slide six, as in the past quarters, I do this slide to summarize our end markets. The top of the chart here depicts our organic capability and market growth environment, our global position, and our business development focus. In the same order as depicted in the chart, our innovation led organic capability remained strong across the board. We are well positioned in the current economy. Our global position continues to improve. In fact as we look into the back half of the year, on the reassuring elements to our bullish thinking is the very strong international order activity, particularly from emerging country markets. So, we do think that some of the U.S. segments will remain slow or even continue to soften a bit, but that will be more than offset by a strong international order book. Our business development activity is never been better. Our focus to build out Fluid & Metering and Health and Science is first priority. The acquisition environment and our deal flow are both good. And I'll walk through the Q2 '08 performance and outlook by segment. I will start on slide seven with Fluid Metering. The Fluid & Metering grew 26% in the second quarter with organic growth of 8%. Our outlook for the market is continued strong growth. The global end markets of energy, chemical petrochemical, water treatment fluid and pharma are all healthy. We launched a number of new products in the quarter, both domestically and globally. I'll focus on couple that we've already taken orders for, but more importantly those that we think have the potential from major long-term impact. Fluid & Metering introduced the bulk storage automation system as part of our continued evolution from a pump component offering to full solutions, leveraging our Toptech software technology and a liquid controlled experience with fuel terminals automation. We are now applying derivative products for other high value fluid inventory management solutions. The market here includes environmental reclamation, both chemical handling and other fluid transfer applications, where inventory verification is becoming increasingly important. In the quarter, we won several new applications for this product. Auto Wins [ph] is a system for ConocoPhillips to provide automation and remote monitoring capability for verifying the processed water removal that is a by-product associated with natural gas wells, and natural gas storage facilities. This system provides for validation that the material has been removed and the corresponding reconciliation that the material has been properly disposed. So, the strategy here is to expand the range of both plant automation include inventory management products to serve the markets, where the regulation of, or the value of the fluid inventory requires similar verification. In Fluid & Metering, we also introduced two new wastewater products in the quarter. First, is a wastewater pump station monitoring system that enables remote monitoring of municipal and industrial pump station events. The new system integrates wireless communication for expanded control capability. The system will be used to qualify the needs for infrastructure upgrades and to ensure that completed upgrades are performing to expectations. The second product, the FlowAlert, is a wireless remote alarm that is configured as a network measures events anywhere in the infrastructure. So as an example, this product will be applied to immediately recognized change of flow level at a wastewater system to signal malfunction, overflow rather change in status. Both products will be used as part of the regulated data login requirements associated with wastewater environmental compliance. In Fluid & Metering, we also continue to drive aggressive pump innovation through our roadmap as well. We introduced a new stainless steel gear pump for epoxy resin applications. We anticipate that this product will be well received in international markets; in fact the first large customer commitment was in China from a prime circuit board material manufacturer. So, the results of both the targeted new product introductions and our channel expansion overseas, Fluid & Metering continues to grow significantly in Asia and other emerging markets. In the quarter, we posted major new customer wins in China, Southeast Asia and the Middle East. Let me now turn to Health & Science now. Our markets are performing well; total growth was 6% for the quarter driven by strong performance in analytical instrumentation in the clinical diagnostics and biotech segments. Customer demand for integrated fluidic solutions in Health & Science continues to grow. Our expanding system solutions capability allows us to help our customers design their entire instrument based on our micro fluidic experience and our proprietary capability. Again, in light of new component design, they represented very good singles and doubles, but here, again I'll focus on some of the more transformational products. During the quarter, we introduced an integrated pump valve system that supports low flow rate mass spectrometry applications. Mass spec is used to identify physical, chemical, and biological properties in various compounds and our substance dumped here is used to enable continuous calibration for sample preparation in process with the mass spec equipment. The user benefit is faster throughput for sample analysis in the lab. Our first commitments for these products have already been placed. As mentioned, more of the rapidly growing segments here is the biotech industry. Biotech requires micro volumes in slow measurement solutions that didn't exist just five years ago. Continually smaller sample sizes and vibration free operation are increasingly required for microanalysis. So we have worked with some of the leading biotech OEMs to establish a system that is pulseless in operation, and thus it eliminates some wanted interference. So here again, is the combination of our technologies that enabled vibration free operation at very low volume transfer rates, just a few micro liters per minute. The benefit for the user is an analysis capability by the way of improved accuracy and this system can be scaled for different instrument applications where vibration free operation is critical to the process. We continue to develop new micro fluidic components subsystems to meet next generation Health & Science challenges so accordingly obviously we thought very good about core growth here. In Dispensing on slide nine, we achieved 14% total growth in the quarter. Organic growth was three. Within the segment, the European business which is roughly 60% of the segment has experienced modest growth. In North America, given the residential and commercial construction market outlook, we continue to expect small retail channel to remain soft or keep an watchful eye in the timing of the large retail replenishment programs, which are tied to CapEx commitments. So, while growth here is just slightly lower than previously expected, Dispensing remains a strong global high-margin nice cash generating business for us. As noted in the earnings release earlier this month, we initiated the phasing of our manufacturing operations within the segment in Milan, Italy. This operational footprint consolidation is part of Dispensing's global product road map in capacity utilization strategy. It will generate about $3 million to $4 million of annualized savings. The impact of the resulting restructuring expense as well as the expected offsetting facility divestiture proceeds will be discussed with the third quarter earnings release. I'll move on to Fire & Safety now on slide 10. Total segment sales growth was 6%. The Fire & Safety segment performed well in the quarter, while the domestic fire suppression market was soft as we forecasted. Our international business performed extremely well. Remember that the segment is comprised of on vehicle fire suppression equipment, rescue tools and band clamping devices, each of which contributed about a third of the segment sales. For the remainder of '08, we expect continued very strong international markets while the domestic fire suppression market has actually stabilized. Our rescue tool business continue to expand globally with major order growth generated from China, Korea, Dubai, Ukraine, India, markets across South America and several other emerging country markets. The band clamping business is also performing well. We continue to win new business based on our expanding product base and systems that address oil and gas exploration, rig and shipboard applications, underwater pipeline installation and repair, and other new infrastructure applications similar to the Fluid & Metering business. As we continue to expand our customer base geographically here as well, in May we received our largest single order for band clamping systems, from Europe actually, could be used in deepwater offshore pipeline applications. So, again the three businesses each contribute about a third of the segments sales. In total, we anticipate the overall segment to achieve the high single-digit organic growth for the second half of '08 with international growth in rescue tools coupled with global growth in the band clamping business, more than offsetting domestic market softness. So, with the understanding of our markets, I'll now go through the Q2 financials. And we are on slide 11. Second quarter orders of $402.2 million increased 19% from last year. By segment, organic order growth was as follows. FMT posted an increase of 11% in the second quarter, Health & Science was up 1%, Dispensing was down 3% and Fire & Safety was up 10% in the quarter. Sales increased 50% in total, organic growth was 5%. By segment, organic sales growth was as follows. FMT posted an increased of 8% in the quarter. Health & Science was up 1%, Dispensing was up 3%, Fire & Safety was up 2%. Turning next to operating margin, reported operating margin at 18.6% was down by 140 basis points from last year. As you can see from the slide, the year-over-year impact was driven by the impact of acquisitions, which is driven by the intangible amortization expenses as part of the purchase price accounting. Currency impacts, which flow through to op margin at lower rates, and the combination of product mix, higher incentive compensation accruals, and some selective material price increases specifically within Dispensing, and I will walk thorough these components by segment here over the next few slides. Income from continuing operations was up 10%. EPS was up $0.56. That's 10% higher than last year, net versus our guidance of $0.53 to $0.56. The second quarter effective tax rate was 34.9% and again the full year rate will be in the 34% to 35% range. Turn next to cash flow; for the second quarter, free cash flow of $60.8 million was an all time high, and increased 4% versus last year. For the first half of '08, free cash flow increased 18% to $83 million. Not to mention in the release for the full year, free cash flow is expected to exceed net income by 10% to 20%. Within the segment, Fluid & Metering continues to post solid financial results and it's really well positioned as I mentioned. Orders were up 30% in the quarter, 11% on an organic basis. Sales increased 26%, 16% from recent acquisitions and 8% on an organic basis. Operating income, nearly $35 million was a 15% increase from last year. Operating margin of 19.5% was down 190 basis points from Q2 of '07. Excluding the impact of the acquisitions, operating margin was 20.9% or down 50 basis points, that's largely due to mix within the segment. Health & Science for the quarter, orders were up 6%, sales was up 6% as well and that's 1% organically. As we mentioned in our release, growth in core analytical instrumentation, the IBD and biotech markets as well as acquisitions drove strong performance in this segment, and operating margin of 18.4% was flat with prior year. In Dispensing, orders in the quarter were up 8%; sales increased 40%, organically that was up 3% as I mentioned. On margin, the 25.3% was down 330 basis points compared to prior year, and that was due to the impact of both foreign currency and material price increases. And then on page 18, Fire & Safety. For the quarter, orders were up 15%, sales were up 6%, organic sales were up 2%, operating margin at 24.1% declined 80 basis points compared to last year and that is mix within the segments. So, I'm going to move on now to our outlook on slide 19. Our business model is working for us, even in the end markets that are bit slower we continue to innovate and drive share gains. While organic growth was solid in almost all regions, our international market growth was excellent and our forecast is for continued strong growth. Productivity is tracking ahead of plans for the year, for both labor and material and while we did see isolated areas of material inflation, we generally offset those with strategic sourcing savings and with isolated price actions. So, we'll continue to focus on tight cost controls and our thought process improvement and restructuring for realizing savings where it makes sense. At the same time, we continue to invest for growth in the markets that have very positive outlooks. The more recently acquired businesses are performing very well, integration plans are largely on track with our expectations. Our strategy to increase exposure to the global faster growing infrastructure markets is working. And the new potential acquisition opportunity set now is very good. Again, we will build on our fluidic strength with the acquisitions that we have planned for the back half of this year. We are forecasting a growth rate of 13% to 15% for the full year. Organic growth is expected to be between 3% and 5%, acquisitions will contribute 7%, FX assumed to contribute 3%. Based on that volume range, we tightened our EPS estimate at $2.12 to $2.18 for the full year. For Q3 '08, we anticipate total sales growth of 14% to 16% with organic growth in FMT and Fire & Safety at high single-digits and HST and Dispensing in the low single-digit. We anticipate acquisitions will contribute 7%, and FX is assumed to add 3%. Based on this, we estimate the third quarter EPS will be $0.53 to $0.56 per share. So, with that, we'll open the line for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Mike Schneider of Robert W. Baird.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Good morning, guys.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Mike.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Just some questions on the outlook. First, congratulations on a nice quarter. In Dispensing, it looks like the total organic growth rate forecasted for the year was ticked down by just one point from 4 to 6 to 3 to 5. Is that primarily just a slightly lower outlook on Dispensing?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It is, Mike. Basically, we are assuming that we are going to continue to see relatively soft domestic markets spend out of the smaller retailers and that some of the CapEx programs with the large retailers may push a bit as well. So that's built into the slightly lower organic assumptions for the full year.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: And the large CapEx programs, have you actually seen project delays yet or you are just being conservative and anticipating them based on the market?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we have seen some delays.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, the margin in Dispensing, you mentioned raw materials hit you seemingly quite hard this quarter. What pricing actions have you taken and should we see the benefit of those in the second half?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: First, maybe on across company comment, we actually did in the quarter realized both the cost mitigation actions as well as selective price actions essentially offset material on across company basis. Within Dispensing, sheets deal was the primary culprit what we saw fair amount of increase that we couldn't recover which generated a portion of that 330 basis points year-over-year. The back half of the year will probably recover some of that again both cost but also a little bit of price. On a company wide basis, we feel very comfortable that we're in good shape relative to material margin based on the actions that are already in place.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, just on the other side, so acquisitions, it looks like you actually took your forecast up a bit, what acquisition is driving the growth, is that Iso Tech or just a collection of them?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: ADS, as you know we acquired right at the turn of the year continues to perform very well. So we had a little bit of an improved outlook there associated with wastewater segment.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you. I will get back in line.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Couple of questions. First, can you talk about the mix you encountered in FST during the quarter? As I recall that fund banded in the rescue tool businesses tended to carry higher margins or may be suppression was a little lower than segment average?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Matt, that's a correct statement. And actually, we've seen the benefit of that the last quarter and couple of quarters prior. The issue within Fire & Safety was really mixed within the three components this quarter really, where we didn't see a strong margin contribution from the two that are typically a little bit higher. However, I would tell you that we don't think that's part of a trend rate. As a matter of fact, as we look into the order book, I think we will see a nice contribution as a function of mix as we look into the back half.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And just a follow on to Mike's question, have you actually put in place a price increase in Dispensing for the back half of the year, is something been announced in the marketplace?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There really aren't price book actions within Dispensing. Dispensing is project-by-project pricing environment. So, there really isn't a phenomenon of take the price, price book up by x%. So, no, the answer within that specific product segment, there isn't an action that's across segment that would be similar to what you've seen in some of the other businesses. All I have said, we typically do see price opportunity as the function where we have material cost increase. So, on a project specific basis, we'll reflect those cost is how we think about the pricing specific to the opportunity.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Based on some of the design wins you've had, new products coming to market, I guess as we look out several quarters with respect to HST, do you anticipate as we move into next year, a pretty meaningful reacceleration in organic growth in this business relative to what you've seen in the last few quarters and I guess just trying to gauge your level of confidence there.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the short answer is yes. The core growth in HST, which is as we all know displacing some of the opportunistic OEM works have been sun setting through the course of the year is extremely strong and with the assumptions of those markets stay reasonably sound, I think we'll see very nice growth on an HST segment basis.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And, then just one more on FST and then I will back inline. Can you talk about what you saw domestically with respect to rescue tools and fire suppression, just maybe a little more detail behind the numbers there and the suppression business as I recall has easier comps in the back half of the year and I guess do you anticipate further degradation on those easier comps?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. As you remember, when we talked two quarters ago about our expectations for the domestic suppression business being down in the first half and then essentially sequentially flat in the back half, I think that still the order of the day. We are anticipating that the U.S. domestic... the U.S. fire suppression markets is fairly stable at this point. We are seeing pretty healthy order rates out of most of the truck OEMs now and we will watch it closely. But we don't expect that we are going to see sequential degradation. So yes, relative to easier comps on suppression, we should see some nice growth opportunities. Rescue tools is benefiting from very strong international growth from a number of markets that frankly we have participated in historically. So we anticipate that rescue tools will do well all up globally for the back half.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Alright. Thanks, Larry.
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Matt, that's... by the way that's all assuming our third quarter guidance where Larry mentioned that FST is expected to have a high single-digit growth rate for the third quarter.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: That's it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ned Armstrong, FBR Capital Market.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ned.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Yes. You've done a nice job of BAND-IT in expanding into new markets there, particularly the oil and gas; I know it has been very helpful to that unit's performance. Can you just go through some other applications that you're looking at that may not have really booked a lot of revenue yet, but hold promising prospects.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: BAND-IT, Ned is the tail of a very diverse application set as you know and the BAND-IT team applies both the combination of the IDEX tools and even a couple of BAND-IT specific tools to how they go about understanding where their product offers a differentiated and improved benefit to the customer. They've done over the last year, I would just tell you, a phenomenal job in analyzing and grounding, winning new business where we are now as you... I think you've heard us talk a bit about how we are doing banding applications for assisting jacketing installation and the process control environment. We are doing a lot of things that are associated with harsh atmosphere, environment application better in manufacturing and process in general. We've got some other on vehicle applications that we are not going to talk specifically about for market competitive reasons, that will generate very nice volume in the months to come. But the BAND-IT business, if you look at the revenue breakdown, it's the product of 100s of applications and a good chunk of those are growing nicely. So, it's not in any way dependent on upstream energy, down hole application or a sub-sea pipeline application alone. But those are certainly noteworthy right now given the nice volume that we are seeing there.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Okay, good. Thank you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ajay Kejriwal of Goldman Sachs.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, gentlemen.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ajay.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: May be couple of detailed questions to start with. If you could give us the flow through to the operating income line from ForEx for the quarter please?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Excuse me Ajay, from what?
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: From ForEx translation what was the flow through to the operating income line?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes Ajay, maybe the best place to start, let's go back to slide 12 and let us walk you through to kind of how we bridge out margin. If you look at the op margin of 18.6 as reported, acquisitions due to the amortization of intangibles was about a 60-basis point impact. And then if you look at FX and again that's a bit of a theoretical calculation, but currency at the current rate at 3% plus of growth, doesn't flow through the 18.6%, so I had about a 20 basis point impact year-over-year versus the 20% from last year. And as Larry mentioned, the 70 basis points on the slide is a combination of mix, also higher incentive compensation accruals and some selected material price increases. That 70 basis points is about $3 million. Each of those impacts was about $1 million each. So, the short answer is flow through ex those items is well above kind of our company average as expected from the price and the cost initiatives, but when you exclude FX and obviously acquisition and that 70 basis points from mix, incentive comp and material price obviously get the flow through. So, this quarter it's a bit of a longer to answer, the flow through has been achieved, but you've to look at the impacts in those buckets.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: So, the... just so I understand this, flow through on account of ForEx is mid single-digit?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, similar to that range. Again, it varies by country, but if you look at versus the 18.6, the way we look at margin rate, it is about 20 basis point reduction in our margin year-over-year.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it, great. And maybe if you have that readily available, growth by geography for FMT and Dispensing?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we did not currently goes through that. But my comments were essentially as far as it would go, but basically strong international growth, I'd say great growth in Asia, double-digit obviously. Double-digit emerging market growth, solid European growth and then not far trailing was our all of our aggregate domestic growth.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: So, you did see growth in FMT in the U.S., but would it be fair to say it was positive but may be below segment average?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mid single-digit.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Mid single-digit, very good. And moving to Dispensing, I know you've talked about restructuring in the past, but maybe if you could help us understand and maybe provide some background on why the need to resize the capacity now, is that you are seeing lower growth in Europe or is it some other secular trend?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's really Ajay, the function of both the long-term thinking for what we want to do globally with the product line. You probably heard us talk a bit about our global roadmap and our global scalable footprint for Dispensing, which allows us a fair amount of manufacturing flexibility, where we make the product against the global design, modular in both the mechanical structure as well as the power structure of the product. And when we looked at the games on productivity globally and the opportunity we have going forward coupled with the fact that we don't think we will need that capacity short term, this was an appropriate action to be taken. So, it's really consistent with our capacity utilization thinking of roadmap thinking and then obviously it's going to be really nice benefit for us for the first full year. It's a great pay back.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it, great. And maybe lastly, coming back to that pricing raw material question asked earlier, would you be able to provide the dollar amount of raw material headwinds in the first half or for the quarter?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it depends on not the... it's not but it depends on how you think about headwinds, because we really did offset all but the... what, it was 1.8 million or so of that?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Theprice on sales that was 2% for the quarter.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, so if you'd sell for, I think about P&L price first, 2%, which has been a pretty consistent number for us quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. Then cost mitigating actions essentially across the company other than sheet steel where we did take little bit increase in the quarter and also we saw some pig iron associated increase in some of the areas where consumers for pig iron for castings --
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: So, was raw material inflation above that 2%? Because you got pricing and then you got some productivity as well, right?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ajay, only within dispensing is where we called out the delta which is about $1 million impact for the selective material cost within dispensing. All the other units offset cost with the actions on global sourcing and or price.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And your full year estimate assumes pricing more than offsetting raw material inflation?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it.Great, thank you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good morning, guys.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi there.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Just got a quick question on organic order growth of 7% is obviously impressive given some tough comps you had. Is there a way to slice it based in different geographies if you have that numbers?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Now, again we're not going to go there right now in terms of how we look at it by geography. The short answer though just to maybe help you feel good about it, it was reasonably strong across the globe.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Alright. I guess maybe if I just look at the Dispensing side, I think you had said, Europe is about 60% of the business there, North America is 20%, it sounds like Europe seems to be holding in pretty well right now and North America has softened up. Just given all the macro environment data that's coming out of Europe, it sounds like they are starting to slowdown now just the way North America did a few quarters ago. Why the conviction and the confidence that Europe is going to keep holding in on the Dispensing side going forward?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Europe has been a fairly stable growth element to Dispensing for multiple years now. In fact we had fairly decent line of sight to the project activity there. And the case in Europe with the pink companies are planning to spend, so, no, we don't have huge growth baked in, as you can tell here by the way that put us to back half of the year for dispensing. I think we are just saying for dispensing, we are expecting flat to modest growth and that Europe will be stronger than North America. The emerging markets also though are growing pretty nicely for Dispensing, and we are seeing Eastern Europe, Middle East, some of the other country markets that haven't been using the automatic dispensing equipment adopted for the first time. So, some of that gets booked in Europe, which also provide us with a little bit of reassurance with respect to not being a slowdown at least as we can foresee at this point.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. And then in terms of the restructuring benefits of $3 million to $4 million in '09, is the essence at this point is going to be more sort of backend loaded into back half of '09 or would it be pretty evenly spread across 2009?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Pretty evenly spread.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Alright. And then just finally on the Fluid Metering side, I know on a year-over-year basis you kind of outlined the margin degradation was due to acquisitions and product mix. Just to make sure on the sequential drop that we had about 70 basis points, that was I assume primarily mix-driven?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, yes, essentially so.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Perfect, thank you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go back to Mike Schneider with Robert Baird
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Guys, maybe you could just address HST growth in the third quarter. In your guidance on slide 19, it says a low single-digit growth again. I'm curious, shouldn't the growth at least be reaching mid single or even upper single-digit growth at this point as we lap the two OEM contracts in the third quarter or is my timing wrong?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, your timing is off just a bit. The headwind that's built into that low single-digit comment that's associated with those two OEM contracts is actually fairly strong year-on-year. We basically don't lap that fully until the end of the year.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And just in terms of the acquisitions, you walked through some of the margin pressure that they created. Are there still lingering inventory write-ups that are passing through the P&L that we begin... that we shed as we go into the third quarter or is this just the lower embedded margin of the businesses that are acquired that's coming through right now?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, it is actually not inventory but the amortization of intangibles. So if you look at that 60 basis points for this company average in the current amortization that we discussed, it's amortization versus any inventory impact.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: So there is no natural step up in the margins as we go through the balance of the year, this is the run rate?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: For the balance of the year, correct. But as we move forward, we expect margins to naturally improve the way the rest of the company does. But the amortization will continue at that rate.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And Larry, could you address acquisitions? I know you guys have been active. You described the pipeline as good. That isn't exactly an exciting adjective. I am just... has something changed or if you meant more than that?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, I would maybe just to give you something more exciting than good, I'd tell you that the pipeline has never been better. We've got a good set of very nice proprietary deals and other transactions in mind for the back half of the year that we're working hard this summer on. And frankly, I think we'll be very pleased with our results at the end of the year in terms of the acquisition contributed growth and the strategic nature of how these fit for building out Fluid & Metering and Health & Science in particular. So, now actually I feel very good about what we can capitally deploy here between now and year end. I think there is some good stuff out there that makes a lot of sense. We're going to see them at IDEX like multiples that make sense for us and return models. They will be a real solid addition to that to the portfolio.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Thank you again and sorry to parse the words so closely.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, thank you, Mike.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we are going to go ahead and wrap up. I want to thank everybody for joining. Obviously, a very solid second quarter for IDEX in a way we are well positioned, we are thinking that the current economy and the environment looking into the back half of the year, we remain cost control focused, but at the same time we'd like to say we continue to invest in the businesses where we think we have got super growth opportunity. So we look forward to the back half of the way. Thanks for joining.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Heath A. Mitts - VP, Corporate Finance Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and CEO Dominic A. Romeo - VP and CFO
Analysts: Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets Scott Graham - Bear Stearns Ned Armstrong - Friedman Billings Ramsey Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Ned Borland - Next Generation Equity Research John Franzreb - Sidoti & Company Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs Charles Brady - BMO Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Brooke and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IDEX Corporation First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Heath Mitts, Vice President of Finance. Thank you, Mr. Mitts, you may begin your conference.
Heath A. Mitts - Vice President, Corporate Finance: Thank you, Brooke. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX first quarter 2008 financial results. Yesterday evening we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months period ending March 31st, 2008. The press release along with presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Larry Kingsley, Chairman and CEO, and Dom Romeo, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows: First, Larry will update you on our overall performance for the quarter, across our company and the four business segments. Dom will then take you through our financial results for the quarter, and Larry will wrap up with the outlook for 2008 and the second quarter. Following our prepared remarks, we'll then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll free number 800-642-1687 and entering conference ID 38180500, or simply log on to our company home page for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Larry Kingsley. Larry?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Heath and good morning everyone. I'll provide a quick summary first of our operating performance for the quarter. Orders were up 12%. Sales were up 12%. Operating income was up 11%. EPS was up 11% to $0.50, and free cash flow was up to $22.1 million, which is an 84% increase over last year. Our business units performed well, and our new acquisitions are contributing to our growth and profitability per our expectations. So overall, performance for Q1 of '08 was solid. If you look at slide 6, we've used this slide in previous quarter to summarize our current view of the markets, those that we serve, our position in them and also to summarize our plans for expansion. In short, our current view is relatively unchanged. The summary is one; as we've said, we're continuing to realize excellent growth in the markets that we've targeted and particularly those where we have acquired better organic growth capability. Two, our diversified end-market exposure and international content are serving us quite well. And three, a couple of our domestic end markets will experience slower growth as we've previously discussed, that's particularly the U.S. fire suppression market. All in, we anticipate strong organic growth in almost all of our industrial businesses and from our core health and science segments. Innovation and global sales investment will continue to drive the organic growth. At the same time where we've experienced some slowing we've gotten ahead of it and we've taken appropriate action. I'll now further detail our end market views as I walk through the Q1 '08 performance and outlook by segment, and I'll begin with fluid metering. Now on the next slide... slide 7. Fluid and metering grew a total 25% in the first quarter with organic growth of 5%. Operating margin was 20%. We continue to have a very positive outlook for the fluid metering end markets. The energy segments are very strong. Our water segments are doing just great. Agriculture food, most of the pharma, and most of the chemical process product lines are all forecasted to stay strong. As a matter of fact, those segments, more specifically, the refined fuels and gases, and that's both the fossil and alternative fuels, primary chemical and petrochem, water and waste water, ag, food, pharma now make up over 75% of the segment. ADS, the business we acquired in January, is doing very well. We have a solid order backlog which is driven by principally EPA regulations which are associated with waste water flow monitoring and the required infrastructure repairs. From a new technology perspective, we've made significant progress with our initiatives both domestically and globally. We've introduced a new turbine meter building on our Faure Herman family. This new meter is designed to work in crude oil applications to counteract the performance impact that drag reducing agents that are in the crude have on flow measurement and control. Our hydraulic diaphragm pumps that we introduced in China feature expanded flow and pressure capabilities, enabling us to expand our mechanical diaphragm offering with the highest flow range in the industry to support key applications in power generation and water treatment in those emerging markets. Our Universal Mag Drive pump family, the sealless pump is being applied in a broad range of applications but particularly in situations where it's critical to prevent emissions of hazardous material from what is being processed. In February, we introduced a new series of sealless product that enabled drop-in replacements for existing pumps, which enabled the users to convert their systems without re-piping or changing the drive equipment. Our new food grade pumps enable global expansion in the sanitary end markets, specifically within emerging markets. We have solidified our position as a key supplier of positive displacement pumps in this segment. In Q1, we introduced a high-viscosity upstream juice pulp processing solution, which enables our customers to reduce process time and product loss. If you turn now to slide 8, our health and science core markets are performing well. Total growth was 4% for the quarter. That was driven by strong growth in the core equipment markets of analytical instrumentation, in-vitro diagnostics and biotech. We're re-investing in our highly engineered applied technologies to serve those segments. Operating margin for the group was 18%. Our strategy to further integrate the components of the fluid path to take advantage of our proprietary pump, valve and filtering capability is yielding great results for our customers and facilitating solid growth prospects. Our new integrated solutions group within the health and science segment allows customers to focus their resources on their core technology to bring new instrument designs to market faster while also developing their enhanced lab workflow software products, thereby enabling our customers the ability to achieve faster turn time on their new product platforms. In particular, in the in vitro diagnostics equipment space, there's an opportunity to improve the performance and minimize the downtime of the diagnostics equipment as they adopt our integrated fluid systems. So while we continue to anticipate strong core market growth, we also believe that we can increase our machine content, that is the fluid path that we provide to our customers, at the same time provide better user features. In dispensing, on slide 9, we achieved 4% total growth in Q1 '08, and operating margin was over 22%. Our focus in dispensing continues to be integrating new technology that improves our machine capability to enable the most accurate and repeatable point-of-use fluid dispensing. Our core markets continue to be the paints and coating segment, but we're also continually evaluating other point-of-sale dispensing applications. We are projecting solid global performance for dispensing for '08 based on the following which are the primary dispensing growth drivers. New country markets are increasingly interested in architectural paint. We received first time orders from Russia, Romania, Turkey, Poland and Slovenia so far this year. The Latin American markets are continuing to adopt automated dispensing technology as well. As a matter of fact, the conversion from the manual dispensers to what we manufacture the automatics as our primary product line all over the world continues. In the U.S. retail segment, as you know, we continue to anticipate project-driven demand as the various retailers commit to store upgrades, the replacement programs and their full fleet outfitting. So I'll move now to fire and safety on slide 10. Total segment sales growth was flat in FSD while operating margin was strong at just under 26%. As you know, we provide highly engineered pumps, valves and control devices, as well as full systems for fire suppression. We also manufacture a broad line of rescue equipment used in first response as well as industrial applications. And lastly, we include our engineered band clamping business in this segment. The three, fire suppression, rescue equipment and band clamping each contribute roughly one third of total sales to the segment. In the quarter, growth in both our rescue tools and band clamping business was offset by the decline in fire suppression. For 2008, we expect continued negative sales performance for the fire suppression portion, that's that one third of the segment, driven principally by softer North American municipal demand. Rescue tools, the second piece of this segment, will grow very nicely as we continue to drive innovation and grow internationally. We're winning new projects from the developed countries and the new developing markets all over the world. In addition to the base business, we continue to expand in adjacent industrial segments. The third piece of the business, the band clamping business, is performing very well. We continue to win new business based on our expanding product base of systems that address oil and gas exploration, rig and shipboard applications, underwater pipeline installation and repair, as well as other new infrastructure applications. So again, the three businesses within the segment each contribute about a third of the segment sales. In total, we anticipate low single-digit organic growth for the segment driven by expansion in the band clamping business and rescue tools business, that's partially offset by the domestic fire suppression performance. With that, I'll turn it over to Dom to run through the Q1 financials.
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning everyone, and thanks Larry. I'm on slide 11, orders and sales. First quarter orders of $402 million increased 12% from last year, increases of 25% at FMT and 7% within fire suppression were offset by lower orders within health and science and dispensing equipment. Sales increased 12% in total and that was 8% from acquisition and 4% from currency. By segment, organic growth was as follows: FMT posted an increase of 5% in the first quarter; health and science was down 2%; dispensing was down 6% due to timing of orders. And lastly fire safety and diversified products was down 4% in Q1 and, as Larry mentioned, increased revenue within both the band clamping and rescue tool businesses was offset by lower demand within fire suppression. Overall, organic revenue growth was in line with our expectations for both FMT and HST, was impacted by timing at dispensing, and slightly below our expectations at FSD due to fire suppression. Turning to Page 12, operating margin. Reported operating margin at 18.3% was down by 20 basis points from last year, driven by the impact of acquisitions and, to a lesser extent, foreign currency translation. EBITDA of $80.3 million was an all time high, and that increased 13% compared to last year and expanded 20 basis points. I'll walk through these components by segment in a few slides. Turning to net income on page 13, income from continuing operations was up more than 12% and EPS of $0.50 is 11% higher than last year. And again, that's versus our guidance of $0.46 to $0.49. The first quarter effective tax rate was 34% and, again, full year ETR will be in that range of 34% to 35%. Currently we're using 35% for our estimates for the year. Page 14, Fluid & Metering Technologies. As Larry mentioned, FMT continues to post solid financial results and is very well positioned. Orders were up 25% in the quarter. Sales also increased 25%. That was 17% from recent acquisitions and 5% organically. Operating income of over $34 million was a 15% increase from last year. Operating margin of 20% was down 180 basis points from Q1 of 2007. Excluding the impact of acquisition, operating margin was 21.7% or down about 10 basis points, largely due to product mix within the segment. Page 15, Health & Science Technologies. For the quarter, orders were up 2%. Sales were up 4% but down 2% organically. And as we mentioned in the release, growth in core analytical instrumentation, IVD and biotech markets, as well as the impact from acquisitions, drove the growth in the segment. Operating income was up 9%. Operating margin of 18% reflected an increase of 80 basis points compared to the prior year, and that was driven primarily by favorable mix. Turning next to Dispensing, Page 16. Orders in the quarter were down 2%. Sales increased 4% and organically were down 6, due mainly to timing. Margin of 22.5% was down 190 basis points compared to the prior year due to volume and currency. Turning to page 17, Fire Safety and Diversified products. For the quarter, orders were up 7%. Sales were flat, and organic sales were down 4%. And as Larry mentioned, growth in this segment is driven by global market expansion of our rescue tool business combined with new product innovation within our BAND-IT clamping business. For the quarter this portion of the segment grew at double digit rates and that was offset by a decline within fire suppression. Operating income of 15% versus last year and operating margin at 25.8% was up 360 basis points due primarily to favorable mix. In summary as Larry mentioned we're off to a good start for the year. With that, I'll turn the call back to Larry.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, Dom. Before we review our guidance for the year and for the second quarter, I'll update you on our capital deployment strategy. We have an outstanding opportunity to deploy capital to increase shareholder value over our strategic planning horizon, that's the three-year horizon. Conservatively, when you look at our cash flow generation and our balance sheet we have the capability to deploy over $1 billion of capital over the next three years while still maintaining our investment grade rating obviously. At the same time, given the short-term volatility in the market we believe that a small share repurchase authorization enables us to optimize our capital position as well as our short and long-term shareholder return. But again, this does not represent a changed capital deployment focus towards acquisitions and obviously, our business model more than funds the organic needs of the business. Our primary areas of focus for acquisitions are certainly the fluid and metering segments, which is a large market opportunity for us to continue to grow in as well as the health and science targeted segments. We continue to build out our energy associated product scope. As you know we're also building on the recent EDS acquisition with a solid list of additional water and waste water measurement monitoring products as well as infrastructure service acquisition kinds of candidates. Within HST we also see nice opportunities within the core analytical and IVD markets as well as some of the other IDEX like opportunities within the segment. So to be clear, the signal here and our decision to move forward with a repurchase program is simple. Acquisitions are definitely priority one. However, we also think it's prudent to have a modest buyback program in place. Moving on now to the slide titled the 2008 Outlook and that's slide 19. Based on the results and assumptions we just reviewed, we reaffirm our growth rate of 13% to 15% for the year. Organic growth is expected to be 4% to 6%. Acquisitions will contribute 6%, and FX is assumed to contribute 3%. And based on that volume range, we reaffirm our EPS estimate of $2.10 to $2.18. And while we do not want to set a precedent for communicating quarterly guidance, again, given the volatility in the market now, we believe it's important that we communicate our short-term outlook. For Q2 of '08, we anticipate total sales growth of 14% to 16%, with organic growth in the fluid and metering and dispensing segments that are both anticipated to be high single digit organic rates, and HST, that's health and science, as well as fire and safety, in the low single digit organic range. We anticipate acquisitions will contribute 7%, and FX is assumed to add 3%. Based on this we estimate that second quarter EPS will be between $0.53 and $0.56 a share. So with that, we'll go ahead and open the line for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mike Schneider.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Good morning everyone. Just wondering if we could start out, Larry, with the dispensing segment and the outlook for accelerating growth. Can you reconcile for us? It looks like orders and certainly organic growth were down in Q1. What is it that you know about the order book I guess in April really that gives you confidence you're going to accelerate this business from negative organic growth to high single digit and I would even note against the double-digit comparison a year ago in Q2?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Mike. Let me run through it. I'll start with the global view of the segment and we'll talk more specifically about some of the elements within. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, we see that the foundation, frankly, for ongoing pretty solid base order rates globally is quite strong. We saw, as I mentioned, great new business opportunities materialize in the first quarter over in Europe. We see evidence of some solid orders in the developing country markets around the world. And some of that's folks that are going to architectural paints for the first time and going right to automatic dispensers as part of that process. Others who have been in the broader color pallet and are going from manual dispensed processes to the automatic-driven processes. So that's all good. There's been some concern. Obviously folks have raised questions in the last call with respect to domestic resi construction market and how that impacts the DIYs and the mass retailers for this year. Essentially, a long story short on the new store openings component to that equation, it's come in pretty much as we had anticipated and no real change of expectation there for the current quarter or for the remainder of the year. New store openings among the larger retailers are definitely down, but the replenishment programs continue. And as we've mentioned in the last call, there are a number of machine replacement programs, not just in the U.S. but globally as well, but particularly in the U.S. that we have included within our internal plans and are executing through the course of the year. We feel quite good frankly about this quarter based on line of sight visibility to those programs. And obviously for the remainder of the year, we continue to work those programs, and we obviously earn everyone. The real issue with dispensing as we've indicated in the past is it's lumpy. It comes in the way of projects. And while we definitely see a strong short-term outlook for the quarter, we continue to work to make sure that we earn every little piece of business on a go forward basis, both all the global pieces as well as the domestic ones. So --
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: And Larry... I'm sorry, in the second half, I'm sorry, the second quarter project shipments. Wouldn't they have already hit the order book in Q1? Or is it a case where they come in after the end of the quarter?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: They would not, Mike. Yeah, it depends. In the case of some of these programs, they come in six weeks or so in advance, eight weeks in advance. In other cases, they come in as a book in turn pretty rapid fire. And that's been the case for quite some time. So anyway, the long story short, is obviously we've got we think obviously the best technology. We've got the fantastic infrastructure in place. We're very bullish about our global opportunities as well as our domestic opportunities. And we don't think that domestic retail issues as associated with resi construction or commercial construction are going to adversely impact their CapEx thinking for this year.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just a quick one on HST. At what point, do we lap or what quarter do we lap some of the program that... programs that came to an end? Is it 2Q or 3Q?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It basically ramps down in 3Q, Mike. And you'll see, as we've been saying, no change in view toward the end of the year that we lap those HST non-core OEM contracts that we've been talking about. And let me come back to the comments that I made in the prepared remarks with respect to the core HST growth. We're very pleased with our first quarter performance out of the target markets. And we think it's indicative of where we can go on a go-forward basis with some of the new products that we've introduced and some of the added machine content that we've realized as a function of that. This integrated systems group that we formed within HST is doing a stellar job, frankly, winning new customers and working together with existing customers to help provide those integrated systems that we're now adding more content per our customer machines. So we feel pretty good, frankly, about the core HST performance, and we will lap that OEM program activity by the time we enter Q4.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you again.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Wendy Caplan.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Can you... a strategic question. Have you and/or the Board walked through, Larry, the exercise of whether you should be in the lower margin, lower demand, maybe higher volatility fire suppression business?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, good morning, Wendy. We... at the Board level we talk about the portfolio at least twice if not three times a year as part of our overall strategic thinking process and discussion set. And obviously, by evidence of what you've seen us acquire over the last few years, we have acquired very attractive businesses that are all in aggregate growing essentially per our white paper or acquisition pre-work assumptions. Where we have businesses that are low growth and low margin, certainly we would think opportunistically about what we might want to do with those long term if we don't think they'd become better performers. But I wouldn't comment with respect to specific businesses at this juncture. One of the things that if you look at the fire and safety, diversified products segment performance for the quarter, while volume was nothing close to what we would like, obviously we did a beautiful job mitigating margin performance as a function of that volume decline by maintaining or improving our cost structure. And as you remember, we started to get at that in late Q3, headed into Q4 of last year. So I frankly think the team's doing a nice job. That's inclusive of material, direct labor, but also fixed costs... working through a slower period here domestically for that fire suppression business. So the higher-level strategic answer, Wendy, is of course, we're always looking to optimize the portfolio. The operational portion of the answer to the question is, we're doing all the right things to act prudently in a lower-growth environment for that domestic portion of the fire suppression business.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: I guess, Larry, to follow on what I'm having trouble understanding is how much of the margin improvement in that segment was mix related, versus sort of focus in terms of cost initiatives or whatever. Is there a way to tease that out a bit?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's both. It is both. There was favorable mix that impacted margin for the segment, as rescue tools does well... and you know it is... as BAND-IT does well, and continues to forecast good growth opportunities. Both of those are higher margin relative to fire suppression. I'm not going to break it down on a go forward basis, but that bodes well from a margin standpoint for the segment. At the same time, we've done a decent job with our cost position. We've offset any of the material adverse impact as a function of the associated commodities portion of the potential increase year-to-date. And we've done a nice job mitigating, as I said, our labor, both variable and fixed, for fire suppression. The team's on it is the bottom line. We're going to continue to perform. That segment will yield nice operating margins and frankly, I think... given the two components that will grow through the course of this year, we'll at least offset the potential continued adverse impact associated with the U.S. domestic... excuse me, the U.S. fire suppression business.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And just to hit dispensing one more time. I'm still... maybe I'm not listening carefully enough, but I'm still not understanding why you think the timing issues of projects is behind us. And what happened to the smaller retailers that were mentioned as a significant problem in the last quarter?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, no, the smaller retailer portion of the dispensing market has been essentially flat for... going on a year now. So we didn't anticipate in our internal plans that the small independent store operators were going to be in a cash position to acquire equipment to any great magnitude at all this year, frankly that's played out.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: That has --
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Back to the timing question, order timing for dispensing has been an issue for as long as we've been in this business. And it is a lumpy business. We feel very strong about our Q2 growth prospects for dispensing. And as I mentioned for the remainder of the year while we earn every single one of those projects along the way, frankly given our technology and you've heard us talk about our DDX technology which is obviously now starting to displace all other forms of pump technology embedded in that equipment around the world, our chances of continuing to outpace the market we think are outstanding. So order timing has always been a lumpy issue and the book-to-bill timeframe for dispensing has been anywhere between eight weeks on the long end if you think about when we booked versus when we shipped to as short as three weeks. And I can tell you without getting into more customer specifics or order dynamics specifics that we feel quite good frankly about where dispensing is for the next couple of quarters.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And finally the capital deployment comment. The authorization program was pretty small, I worry that... I wonder why bother, and I wonder whether... I don't think so but I just want to be clarified that this doesn't signal a lack of acquisition candidates or opportunities for you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, that's a good point Wendy. We feel very good about our acquisition opportunity set, and no change position strategically at all. Again, focus continues to be in fluid metering and health and science. And if you look at the number of properties that are available it's still a good story and frankly our position to be able to acquire them is outstanding. So nothing at all changes with respect to our prioritization of capital deployment. We haven't had an authorized share repurchase program in place. This is really meant as a supplemental capital deployment strategic initiative for us. And certainly the focus for us and our shareholders anticipated that our primary efforts are all around, continuing to grow by way of acquisition.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Thanks very much, Larry.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet, Wendy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Summerville.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: First on dispensing, is that high single-digit organic growth forecast you have on slide 19? I just want to make sure, does that exclude foreign currency?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes it does, Matt.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then with respect to order activity in the four segments can you walk through what organic orders look like during the quarter for each business?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, sure.
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Matt, it pretty much followed the sales growth. I think the key one to mention is FMT. It's four to 5%, actually closer to five for the quarter after pretty high comps when we look at last year. So they pretty much followed the sales organically that we disclosed earlier in the call.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then with respect to HST, the instrument IVD and biotech side, can you talk a little bit more... in more detail about the performance of that portion of the business versus what you saw in the industrial/pneumatic side?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, sure Matt. Basically again, we get awful granular in the way we talk about all our businesses. But if you were to take that portion of HST organically it's very high single-digit performance.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then last question just on pricing. What are you seeing in terms of price '08 versus '07 across the company?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Pretty consistent with where we have tracked. On a full-year basis it will be between 1.5% and 2% this year and that this... as you know pretty consistent with where we've been a couple hundred basis points plus or minus over the last few years. While we're talking about price, while we think that we've done an outstanding job mitigating material costs year-to-date given some of the volatility in commodities and metals pricing in particular. We're also continuing to generate the capability to justify our price. So frankly, on a year-to-date basis there's been a lot of concern out there that I've heard with respect to copper in particular, but some of the steels and anything that's energy-intensive including pig iron given, in that case more demand than energy intensity. But those are all well within control. We've done an outstanding job, the inputs mitigation program. And we've not frankly had to in anyway use price to offset that. So I think as we go through the course of the year, obviously dependant on what happens with the various commodities that are bigger inputs for us, price will be a positive yield for us.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot, Larry.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Graham.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Hi, Dominic.
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Scott.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: I just wanted to ask maybe two questions. One is sort of an overarching question about the organic sales thinking for the full year being 4 to 6%. Now we start off the year sort of at a flat type of number, which is probably a couple points below where you were thinking. Therefore, to me it implies that you have... you feel better about certain businesses for the rest of the year. It sounds to me as if dispensing is one of those businesses that you feel better about for the rest of the year. Am I on the right track here?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you're not far off, Scott. I would tell you first that we have internal plans that we feel very solid about. First and foremost within fluid metering as the largest segment, within health and science as we just discussed, core growth in the core markets is shaping up very nicely. We see very strong evidence of a solid order book in dispensing per the comments that I made just a few minutes ago that if all continues, which we anticipate it will, will be a great story for the year. And the fire and safety segment is a tale of, again, as three sub-segments. Rescue tools is off to a nice start, and our visibility there for continued particularly strong developing nation growth looks very, very good. But total Rescue tools segment... sub-segment growth, I should say, is looking very strong. BAND-IT is doing just outstanding. So as we look at it, it's, frankly, starting to materialize almost exactly as we had anticipated, given our internal plans. You look at the order rate for the first quarter and apply that subsequently as we move into the second quarter, and we think we've got a pretty good indication of the back half of the year with a bottom build of our business forecast. It translates nicely into that mid-single digit organic expectation that we've talked about on a full year basis. Now, Dom, do you want to --
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Scott, just maybe a bit more mechanical as well, and clearly we do expect acceleration on organic growth at FMT for all of the reasons Larry described. But also the comps, as you look at both HST for the contracts that we are getting out of but also within fire suppression if you think about coming off of the emissions standards that were part of the first half of last year growth rates, the comps get easier as well in the second half. So it's also a combination of those more tactical items that give us a high degree of confidence in our full year organic growth estimates and our second quarter, specifically for FMT.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Okay. So a fair amount of this confidence is really just I think the passage of time. You guys are kind of short cycle in some of your areas. As the years progress, you have better line of sight. Fair enough?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think we've got great line of sight, Scott, and it's also all the things we've got underway with innovation as well, which is a lot more than just I would say the passage of time. There's a lot of detail behind what's going on in the growth side of the companies as well.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Okay. All right. Could you... Larry, you alluded to in your initial comments that the areas where you're seeing weakness you've gotten out ahead of that. Can you talk about that a little bit more?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Basically it comes down to actions that we took beginning late Q3 through Q4 and continued through Q1, principally around labor costs. Obviously we have done a beautiful job within our operating model leveraging productivity inclusive of variable and fixed costs on the positive side. I think what we've also now proven to ourselves is that the same capability applies and if we have isolated areas of softness, we know how we can cost mitigate what we have. I think the bottom line, Scott, is I'm not going to get more specific in terms of businesses and sites and things of this sort but it's a pay as you go approach that we've taken. That's allowed us to maintain a very strong cost position where we've seen isolated areas of softness. And that's obviously what hopefully what good business leaders are doing.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Okay. That's helpful. My last question is really the one that I ask all the time, Larry. Are you comfortable with taking another $20 million of costs out this year overall?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Very, very comfortable.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Is that inclusive of those actions or exclusive of those actions?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Exclusive.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Thanks.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ned Armstrong.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman Billings Ramsey: Thank you. Good morning.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ned.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman Billings Ramsey: Can you talk a little bit in the Health segment about the pneumatic? You had alluded in the press release to it being the weaker as it has been for a while now and what you're doing there to make the business better specifically on both the revenue generation side and the cost side?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Ned. The... again, let's go back up to the portfolio first to make sure that we're thinking strategically about where we place our resource bets. We have invested or re-invested very heavily in Health and Science in total, particularly focused on the three markets that we outlined, which are the analytical instrumentation, the in vitro diagnostics equipments and the various biotech applications. We think that on the combination of growth out of those sub-segments plus the fact that we can offer very nice high level systems solutions that we can grow here better than anywhere else within Health and Science. So the overall, you know, R&D, marketing, the new product initiative focus, is on the highest growth components within the business. At the same time, we're doing a nice job, winning new business opportunities within the segment that you... the sub-segment there you called out, the pneumatics product line within Health and Science. And that's a very profitable business, that's done extremely well. Our sales teams are continuing to go after higher growth within that sub-segment, relative opportunities. And what those entail are things like the lab equipment, the dental equipment, you know, places where the so-called clean and quiet air applications are globally. And I think for the remainder of the year, without quantifying it here, what we'll see is great international growth out of the business, offset again by slower domestic performance. So we definitely are taking at a higher level, the right reinvestment approach for Health and Science into the highest growth in what we think are future best opportunity set customers for us. And within that sub-segment, we're also re-investing as well. Sorry, Ed or Ned.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman Billings Ramsey: Yes. And within the sub-segment of the pneumatics, are there still opportunities for significant cost reductions or is the larger part of that effort been accomplished already?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There is cost opportunities for us in all of our businesses. And as you know, that's the model just per the last question. We'll see incremental savings across the company this year that'll be on just a pure productivity basis better than what we've ever achieved. I'm very confident of that. And that same methodology applies within the pneumatic segment. So there is certainly good cost and productivity opportunities within the business there.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman Billings Ramsey: Okay. Then moving quickly to the Fluid business, you had mentioned some of the areas where you saw growth opportunities being energy and water. And most of your technology is positive displacement, but there's room for centrifugal pumping technology in both energy and water applications. Is that something you've been thinking about? Or do you want to stick more with your core technology?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We don't really look at it as a function of PD technology versus other technologies. We look at it more from the standpoint of where are the more application-intensive solutions, where can we bring the bear more of our technical expertise, some cases centrifugal products entails some of that and we do have centrifugal product that we apply in energy and chemical and water, but generally speaking, we like the higher tech, the higher application intensity products and those tend to be ones that are more PD in nature. So we always look on an acquisition scouting basis as a variety of technology, some that wouldn't be typical PD technologies. Organically, we are focused more on those that continue the kinds of IDEX niche products for great niche market like applications and those do tend to be more PD. But to give you an example of where we have evolved even beyond traditional PD, you are familiar with what we have done in energy with organically going after new turbine flow meter technologies and we talked a bit in this call about one that's specifically designed for new crude applications. At the same time, we've gone as you know with the acquisition of Faure Herman now into ultrasonic measurements capabilities, which is, really if you think about it from a technology and what's inherent to the product, a step further forward. So generally speaking, Ned, we are interested in those that are higher tech end products and those that have a lot more application content to them. At the same time, in the targeted space where there are centrifugal opportunities that fit that criteria, we would selectively look at.
Ned Armstrong - Friedman Billings Ramsey: Okay, good. Thank you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ned.
Operator: You next question comes from Walt Liptak.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Walt.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Dominic, the first question is for you. You may have mentioned it and I just missed it, but I wondered about the organic orders by segment?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. As I mentioned, it pretty much followed the organic sales; FMT was 5% and the others followed the sales numbers that we talked about earlier.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. Then just looking at the dispensing part of the business, have the... some of the comments that Larry made about the international opportunities or the big box store replenishment cycle, have you... was there a backlog here that you are shipping out of or was there a pick up in orders in... at the beginning of the second quarter?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's four wall and group specifically around Q2 order activity translating to Q2 sales activity, and not about business shipping out of backlog.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. So you saw orders in dispensing pick up, were they related to the international part of your commentary or the replenishment part?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Both.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. I wonder if I could ask you about the replenishment... about the international opportunity. What part of the world... you mentioned Latin America, is it box stores in Latin America or is it small paint retailers? Can you talk a little bit more about that market?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Walt. Actually in the prepared remarks, I talked first about mainly Eastern Europe and the CIS states and where in fact there are now more interested retailers in selling architectural paint. So that is a welcome move east from Western Europe, and we anticipate that we're going to continue to see growth there. Back to your question though with respect to Latin America, Latin America, depending on the country market, has selectively been in architectural paints for several years. But most of it's been in manual dispensed format. And it's not really been in the big boxes per se; it's been in a large number of retail outlets, some following that European business model, if you remember where the paint company owns the store.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Right, okay.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Some of it following the hardware store model that we've talked about, which is either a co-op or an independent, who is selling paint. And then also some of the more big box like opportunities there. But the numbers of outlets that exist, frankly, still in some of the developing parts of the world that we see as architectural paint machine applications, particularly for the automatics going forward, we think in aggregate represents a pretty nice multi-year growth opportunity.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay, good. And then the last question I have is just on the Fire and Safety part of the business. What's pricing like for those products? You mentioned that kind of across the board you're getting price, but is there something specific going on with that fire truck pump market?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Nothing that would fall outside of the norm for us. We're seeing for our new fire suppression equipment, I think appropriate pricing is the way to characterize it. We're very cost competitive with our integrated modules and so many of the truck OEMs are taking advantage of the full installed cost advantage they're getting there versus what they associated as their internal make total cost. So that's continued to go extremely well. And on a component basis, I think there's nothing really remarkable to call out.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay, great. All right. Thanks, guys.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Walt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ned Borland.
Ned Borland - Next Generation Equity Research: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ned.
Ned Borland - Next Generation Equity Research: Just one quick question on the guidance. Is there any assumption for the share repurchase program embedded in the guidance range?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Ned Borland - Next Generation Equity Research: Okay. All right. Then that's it, that's all I have. Thanks.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Franzreb.
John Franzreb - Sidoti & Company: Good morning, guys.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Franzreb - Sidoti & Company: I'm just trying to get a better understanding what's going on in fire suppression. Could you talk a little bit about what kind of order degradation you're thinking about this year? And maybe elaborate how much of that is North American, which I think a vast amount of it is. But how much do you ship overseas in that business?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we can break down the domestic versus international content in rough form. But the order rates that we have seen from the business, the sub-segment, again that's one third of the segment, that's fire suppression, for that piece in total for Q1 and Q2 are pretty close to what we anticipated and talked about in the last call. There wasn't any radical surprises there. There's a lot of discussion in the U.S. portion of that segment of a trend up toward the second half of the year, so the truck builders in particular are thinking that they're going to see a more solid order book in the summer through the back half of the year. We have really not factored all that in to what we have rolled into the guidance here. So if you look at it all up, we're still taking let's say a relatively conservative view of municipal spend for fire suppression U.S. for the back half of the year. And then, Dom, you want to break down the...?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It wiggles a bit, but it's in the 30 to 35% range international for fire suppression.
John Franzreb - Sidoti & Company: Okay. Thanks, Dom. Now, why would the truck builders be assuming a rebound in the second half, Larry?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: If you remember, what took place here is that there was a pre-build through the course of '07 as a function of the EPA diesel emissions changes that took place. And so there was a bit of a hangover in the back half of last year, after a fairly strong start to '07. And so, on a comp basis, the overall unit volume of trucks built sequentially is not ramping all that fast. It's an easier unit volume comp from the industry in the U.S. On top of that though, there is still a fairly strong indication that where municipal spend is going to get allocated for trucks for the back half of the year, they're not going to see any degradation there. So, again, if you look at the components of what the back half of the year for fire suppression entails, the international piece, we don't see any significant change, it should stay decent. The U.S. portion, we don't anticipate that there's going to be any form of degradation. And if you look at just sequential performance, it ought to stay fairly consistent with where we've been. The other thing is that as we've talked historically about on a IDEX specific basis, as we get content per truck, i.e., modules versus components, that helps out us as well. And we continue to see a lot of the truck builders working together with us to design new, specific modules for their truck applications. And we think that in total represents a pretty decent outlook for the back half of the year.
John Franzreb - Sidoti & Company: Great. And one last question. You touched on pricing a couple of times, but has there been any part of any of your businesses that pushing through pricing has been significantly more difficult?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There're always and if you think at the number of customers we have across the various niche businesses, there's always going to be customer situations where we're working in a competitive environment and we are very price competitive. However, where we demonstrate value and do so continually, that tends to generate a positive price equation. So if you look at it by segment, I'd say the answer is no. Even when you get down to logical end markets of like customers, there's still not a real correlation there as it relates to price in this environment versus price in a super high growth environment.
John Franzreb - Sidoti & Company: Okay, good. Thank you very much.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Schneider.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Dom, I was wondering if we could just get a dollar amount that is being lapped as it relates to HST and the pneumatics division relating to the products that have been pruned or programs that have been pruned. I'm trying to calculate indeed what the just the mechanical boost is to the organic growth rate, if you have that...?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Well, I would call your attention to our original guidance for the year; we called out 400 basis points in the segment. So that's the math on the growth rate. So, it's going to wiggle a bit by quarter, but if you look at our organic growth rate any given quarter, there's that type of an impact in the quarter. And the other thing I'll say that we're reporting Isotech as acquisition growth, but that's being very much integrated with our integrated systems approach here. So you'll get a pretty pure view of the accounting, but fundamentally, Isotech is all part of that core growth rate as well. And obviously we book keep it as acquisition, but we're seeing some nice pull through on our existing products. So plus or minus, Mike, it's 400 basis points a quarter of impact, organic growth rate that we've described.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then in the FST division, just margins during the quarter were huge because of the mix, presumably lower fire suppression and higher everything else. Should we expect... is there anything unsustainable in this margin assuming that fire suppression does remain weak in 2Q and presumably at least into 3Q?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, Mike, the one thing that we feel very good about as it relates to margins in the segment, particularly as you've witnessed what we've done to manage through the stainless spike... stainless has come back down. But if you look at the primary area of commodity concern in the segment, it's stainless. And our team just did a fabulous job, absolutely fabulous job of working through that over the last six months. And so now, we're still anticipating volatility for sure in many of the metals for the remainder of the year. But we think that there's certainly not going to be an adverse material impact as it relates to FST. So otherwise, no, I think the answer to your question is we feel good about margin capability.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Within the band clamping business, when steel was... or stainless was raging really in the back half of last year, was that pricing put through as a surcharge or just a list price increase?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There's a combination of price actions that apply depending on the channel and/or customer situation. And as you know, in most cases, not just specific to that business but total, we tend to sustain price. So less surcharge, more price.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just another margin-specific question. In Dispensing, the margins are hugely volatile, and I'm trying to understand the interplay. If you've got more project-related business going out domestically in 2Q and for the balance of the year, should we see the return to this upper 20s range in margins? Or does that type of mix actually depress the margins?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Mike, we won't give you an actual percent, but when you look at Dispensing in total, historically our margins U.S. versus Europe and foreign are pretty consistently equal in terms of the rate. What you really see with Dispensing if you look even sequentially or year-on-year, it's really about volume. And the lever point that, you know, call it the $50 million kind of revenue rate, once you see the leverage on that additional volume above that, it levers at a significant year-on-year. So I won't call it high 20s, but clearly, you see a higher margin rate than what you would see in Q1 based solely on volume. Mix tends to play a lesser part of the equation within dispensing.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thanks again.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ajay Kejriwal.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, gentlemen.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ajay.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Just following up on that margin question on Diversified, I know you mentioned stainless steel spike. So wondering if you could help us understand if there was some benefit from lower-priced steel inventories, because of FIFO accounting, was that something that helped margins in the quarter?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, Ajay, that wouldn't be the case. The primary help, as Larry mentioned, besides the volume is the mix of both rescue tools and BAND-IT within the quarter.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: So the takeaway is that the margin improvement is sustainable, meaning year-on-year improvement? Because margins were record highs in the segment if you look across several years, so and... sounds like it's not material-related, so it's probably sustainable?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, relative to our guidance, we're not going to provide second quarter rate, and in the full year, we didn't as well. I think the thing to remember within the segment is, it's a third, a third, a third in terms of the revenue splits. And obviously in the second half, the comps get easier for fire. So when you... this is more of a modeling discussion, but when you play out your assumption within the segment for mix, you could have a bit of a wiggle when you look at the suppression side of the equation. But we didn't provide those numbers, so it's kind of all baked into our thinking around the EPS totals that we provided, Ajay.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Sure. Maybe just a question on segment Organic. Back in February, the fourth quarter call, you had said that Fire Safety segment should be roughly flattish. Organic ended on 4%, and sounds like BAND-IT and rescue tool did a little better than what you were thinking. So was fire suppression a lot worse in Feb and March?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I wouldn't say a lot. In my prepared remarks, I think we did say that both rescue tools and BAND-IT had good quarters. I wouldn't say they were way in excess of our expectation, but Fire was a bit below what we expected in our original guidance, going into the quarter. But these are relatively small dollars on a dollar basis, relative to the percentages.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ajay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Charlie Brady.
Charles Brady - BMO: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Charlie.
Charles Brady - BMO: Just on a sort of broader picture with IDEX, strategically. You know, historically, you've been a relatively short cycle business, and I'm just wondering, now we've layered in several more acquisitions over the past couple years, could you sort of walk us through where you see kind of visibility among the four major segments and maybe even some of the sub-segments? Has that stretched out? It sounds as though it has.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, definitely, Charlie. I think if you go back, look at the last five years of our acquisitions, which have principally been Fluid Metering and Nature as well as the Health and Science segment acquisitions, and you look at as I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Fluid Metering now has three-quarters of its revenue in those segments which you either want to call them longer cycle or later cycle segments, which are, we think sustainable through the economic current issues. And that's water, it's energy, it's pharma, it's ag. So we believe that Fluid Metering versus where it was just five years ago is repositioned much larger segment and very good stead frankly, to continue to grow, so that is net-net, all by itself a great story. Health and Science is really not a traditional cyclical kind of business, and I don't think you'd call it a short cycle business. The equipment applications that we're on, we think continue to respond to all of the demographic issues that we're all familiar with. And so for analytical instrumentation, which is doing well globally, in vitro diagnostics application, the equipment that we're on, we see continued nice development opportunities as a function of market. But, again, also because we think we can bring more to bear in the equipment. And for a lot of the biotech applications serving pharma, both small and large; we think those dynamics play out well. If you look at the total company, the portions of the portfolio that are shorter cycle are certainly the fire suppression piece that we've just talked about and, to a lesser degree, rescue tools. And we think rescue tools has some nice fundamental growth drivers as a function of going after all those global markets that we've just begun to scratch the surface on. And then Dispensing, you probably correlate with more shorter cycle activity, but again, here we think replenishment offsets what are the demand patterns. So it's tough to I think cleanly characterize us as a short cycle business; at the same time, the acquisition content over the last five years has certainly positioned us into a longer cycle format.
Charles Brady - BMO: And with respect to ADS, you've had it for almost four months now, any surprise, either good or bad?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a great business. It's a great business. We love to model it. It's a really good question actually. If you think about what a lot of the folks are talking about with respect to water right now, because water still gets a pretty big moniker, some folks are talking about disappointments in water because municipal spending is not making its way to project activity. The beauty of ADS and what we want to do in this space is that it's mainly reg-driven. And so it's around making sure that bad water doesn't creep into good water at the end of the day. What we're doing is the flow monitoring and the associated infrastructure analysis that then generates the repair or the new infrastructure. And that portion of what we see within the total water space, we think bodes for great growth opportunities. We're very pleased with the backlog of the business. We're very pleased with the order activity that we've got right now looking forward. So as I said, both organically and now also acquisitively, we want to build on this business and do so on a global fashion.
Charles Brady - BMO: Thanks very much.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Hey, just looking at inventory, it was up about 18%. ARs were up 22%. Could you split up and tell me how much of that was organic versus FX and acquisition-driven?
Dominic A. Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't have the splits right in front of me, but if you look, ADS and FX drove a lion share of both and the rest of it pretty much followed our... on the receivables side, our revenue growth. On inventories, we increased a bit more organically than you might have thought versus our first quarter growth, and that's primarily due to our view of the second quarter primarily in FMT. So, a bit of an inventory increase even when you look at it organically. But ADS, just to give you that kind of... the number was about 28 million of receivables and yet a project business that brought a lot of receivables in terms of the projects with it. So FX was another piece of that as well.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: That's helpful. And then just looking at the HST segment, last call you guys spoke about two, I think actually three programs that were getting pushed out from Q2 to the back half of '08. Are those still on track to ramp in the back half of '08? Could you just update us on that?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say no significant comments there. We're still assuming and we guided with all things considered. We anticipate that in any situation where you've got an OEM business, you're going to have some pushes and some pulls. But at this point, we're assuming consistent with what we've talked about previously.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then just the Dispensing side, I realized you've got some program push outs which led to the 6% down organic number. Next quarter, you guys are looking at high single-digit growth. How much of that is because of those push outs from Q1 to Q2 versus just new sales and orders in Q2 per se?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's all part of the same formula. It is orders that are timed that pushed from Q1 to Q2 that represent a portion of that growth. And in Dispensing, when you look at it sequentially, you're always going to see that kind of behavior. So the reason that we feel very confident in the quarter about talking through what the organic expectation is, is because obviously we have visibility around things that were committed as first half of the year activities to us.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: So I guess, well maybe looking at it kind of first half of '08 versus first half of '07, Dispensing is flattish. Would that be reasonable? And then you expect a big acceleration or an acceleration at least in the back half of '08?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let's see. I think that's a fair summary on the first half/back half in total. Again, as my comments outlined earlier, in Dispensing in the current environment, we work for every single project opportunity. But we see a strong Q2. Our visibility into Q3 bodes for what we think is a good solid quarter. And you know, we're working to make sure that the whole year in total works out quite well.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then just finally, looking at this quarter, you guys beat the midpoint of your guidance about $0.025 or so, annualized, that's almost a dime there. What refrains you from increasing your EPS range at this point or moving to the high end at least?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We see, frankly, an opportunity to continue to improve with where we had guided at the beginning of the year. But given the volatile market we're living in and what we see in total for our top line expectations, we think the EPS range is a solid flow-through assumption set based on what we have bottom built in our forecast. So we think that as we said, Q2 will be as guided. We expect to, frankly, to do quite well on an organic basis. In the back half of the year, we're working to make sure that we deliver at least what we've talked about in our beginning of the year annual guidance. The acquisition contribution is obviously not factored into any of that.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're very welcome.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Larry D. Kingsley - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me just simply say that we're very pleased with our start to the year. Given the current environment, we've done a nice job delivering strong P&L performance, and we anticipate as we've talked through in all of the questions that we'll see solid organic growth in Q2 and as we head into the back half of the year. I'd like to thank everybody for joining and we look forward to the call in three months.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 02:30:00) =====
Executives: Heath Mitts - VP, Corporate Finance Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and CEO Dominic Romeo - VP and CFO
Analysts: Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird Scott Graham - Bear Stearns Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer Walter Liptak - Barrington Research Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets. Ned Borland - Next Generation Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Taylor, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 '07 earnings call for IDEX Corporation. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Heath Mitts, Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Heath Mitts - Vice President, Corporate Finance: Thank you, Taylor. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for a discussion of the IDEX Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2007 Financial Results. Earlier today, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three and 12-month periods ending December 31st, 2007. The press release along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast can be accessed on our company website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today from IDEX management are Larry Kingsley, Chairman and CEO and Dom Romeo, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The format for our call today is as follows. First, Larry will update you on our performance for the year across our company and four business segments. Dom will then take you through our financial results for the quarter and Larry will wrap up with our outlook for 2008. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 800-642-1687 and entering conference ID 29334256 or simply log on to our company home page for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our CEO, Larry Kingsley. Larry?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Heath. For the full-year 2007, we achieved strong sales and income growth and we generated excellent cash flow. For a quick summary of our operating performance for the year, orders were up 16%, sales were up 18%, operating income increased 17%, and EPS was up 15% to $1.90. We are pleased with our overall results for the year. Our business is strong and it's performing well. As you know, we continue to grow our applied product portfolio and improve our global reach. In '07, we added sales offices and resources in the Middle East, Russia, China, and in Eastern and Western Europe. We like the niche markets that we've chosen and we will continue to build them out both organically and exquisitely. We added internal operations capability during the year as well, including new centralized supply chain management resources to assist the business units and a new Asia design center for low-cost OEM product design. Our business units performed well and our new acquisitions are contributing to our growth and profitability per our expectations. We achieved our annual objectives with operational and commercial excellence for the year and our balance sheet is in great shape. So, all in, 2007 was a solid year. On slide seven, our balance sheet is as strong as ever with plenty of capacity to invest for future growth. Full-year free cash generation of nearly $181 million was up 25% year-on-year. As you look at the chart, you see '07 compares with just $120 million just two years ago. Our business model will continue to generate strong free cash, which we will effectively deploy in the way of new internal product development and acquisitions, and we are committed to growth as our primary capital deployment strategy. If you look at slide eight, we used this slide last quarter to summarize our current view of the markets we serve by our position in them and to summarize our plans for expansion. In short, our current view is unchanged and the summary is one, as we said we are continuing to realize nice growth in our targeted markets for business development; two, our diversified end market exposure and international content are serving us well; and three, a couple of our end markets will experience slower growth as we have predicted, particularly the US fire suppression market. Our business model and our acquisition strategy will remain as the primary contributors to our growth, and we believe that most of the end segments will continue to grow and that we can grow faster than the market. In those businesses that are not forecasting growth, we've already begun to take cost reduction actions to preserve their bottom line. So, again, in similar to my Q3 comments, most -- all of our markets are performing well, our innovation in global sales investment will continue to drive organic growth. And I'll now... further detail, our end markets as I walk through the '07 performance and outlook by segment, and I'll begin with the Fluid Metering business on slide nine. [inaudible] markets for Fluid Metering remains strong. We serve a broad market but are focused on energy, chemical processing, water treatment, pharmaceutical, and food processing. You're familiar with the macro market drivers here for both energy and water beyond the relatively increasing value of both the infrastructure is either overcapacity and/or is deteriorating. The process industries, chemical, food, ag, and pharma continue to invest in both new equipment and also maintenance and repair items on a balanced basis to support both regional growth and their own new process or product development. The Fluid Metering grew 31% in '07 and organic growth was 9%. Operating margin grew to exceed 21%. Our outlook for the market is positive and for our own business is continued profitable growth both organic and acquisition based. And we plan to grow our international revenue faster than our US business, again both organically and there is many good targets for acquisition, particularly in Europe. If you refer to slide ten, a few takeaways, most of the end markets we serve in Fluid Metering are less prone to any form of current economic slowing. Our business is becoming a globally diverse enterprise with a very balanced US and international sales base. Each of the acquisitions listed is a logical extension of our strategy and they are all in good markets. They create the footprint for continued expansion. If you don't have a slide, it illustrates that in Fluid & Metering, we acquired over $300 million in revenue in the last few years, that's… [inaudible] exclusively in energy, ag, and water treatments. So, again $300 million incremental just in the last few years for the segment all within energy, ag, and water. If you turn to the slide 11, our most recent Fluid Metering acquisition, which just closed last month, ADS, it's a proprietary transaction. The business extends our expertise and flow measurement and monitoring. ADS serves the wastewater market, we view other fluid metering technologies and services in wastewater treatment as strategically interesting as well, and we are pursuing that both organically and exquisitely. ADS will be headquartered in Huntsville with the management teams already integrating into the company very well and we believe that there are both… national growth drivers to the segment but also some reg based drivers that bode well as we move forward. Turning now to slide 12, our health and science core markets are performing well. Total growth was 7% for the year while organic growth was 1%. Within HST, the pneumatic segments and the large commercial OEM sales decline offset double-digit core HST organic growth. Operating margin for the group neared 19% for the year. In the segment, we continue to de-emphasize the commercial product applications that are in the less differentiated OEM segments and we are reinvesting in the highly engineered applied technologies. Our core market focus as you know is the fluidic devices for analytical instrumentation, the clinical diagnostic applications, as well as the medical devices in the key components that are used in various medical equipment fields. And we also sell components for dental and lab equipment and applications and semiconductor process devices. So consistent with what we stated, we anticipate strong core business growth, but that the total organic growth for the segment will be adversely impacted due to our exiting of the previously stated OEM relationships. We now expect that the non-core OEM program timing, that is the exited business as offset by the new program ramp-up will adversely impact total growth within the segment by four points for the year. Previously, we had anticipated that the new programs would ramp-up in Q2 and we don't see that happen until late in the year at this point. In Dispensing, we achieved 11% total growth in '07 and 6% organic growth. And Dispensing operating margin was over 22%. Our focus in Dispensing continues to be integrating the new technology that improves our machine capability to enable the most accurate and repeatable point-of-use fluid dispensing. Our core markets continued to be the paints and coating segment, but we are also continually evaluating other point-of-sale applications. The smaller retailer outlets in the segment and the markets remain slow but slower purchases there continued to be offset by the larger retail segment. So, we're forecasting at least mid single-digit growth for Dispensing for '08 and it's based on the following criteria, which remain, is the primary dispensing growth drivers. New store openings, again which is a fairly small portion of the revenue will be about the same as last year. The aging equipment, that's our aging equipment and the associated replenishment rate, is increasing, roughly 40% of the installed population of the equipment is now going to be replaced over the next couple of years. Regulation is again driving some incremental spend. The conversion from manual to automatics continues. The service component of our business is growing nicely. Again as I mentioned, while we are not anticipating growth out of the smaller retailers, that customer base has stabilized over the past couple of quarters. In addition to the base market assumptions, we continue to have very accurate line-of-sight program visibility with the larger retailers. And the bottom build forecast for us based on their internal plans tallies to a high single digit organic sales number for the year. So, the Dispensing business as you know will always be lumpy. Accordingly, we anticipate lower year-on-year Q1 growth, but that will be followed by higher program shipments beginning later in Q2, similar to what we've seen quarter-to-quarter sequentially historically. And with that, we'll move over to Fire & Safety on slide 14. As you know we provide the highly engineered pumps, valves, and controlled devices, as well as full systems for fire suppression. We also manufacture a broad line of rescue equipment used in first response, as well as industrial applications, and lastly we include our band clamping business in this segment. So, there is three components to the segment. Of the three, first the fire suppression, rescue equipment, and band clamping all roughly contribute to about a third of total sales to the segments. As we look into '08, we expect negative sales performance for the fire suppression piece. So that one-third of sales of the segment. For the first half of the year, fire suppression will be down 10% to 15%, and that's driven principally by the softer North American market. Rescue tools, the second component of the business, within the segment will grow nicely as we continue to drive innovation and grow internationally. We're winning lots of new projects from developed countries and new developing markets all over the world. In addition to the base business, we continue to expand in mining and other industrial applications. The third component to the segment, the band clamping business is performing very well. We continue to win new business based on our expanding product base of systems that address oil and gas exploration, rig and shipboard applications, underwater pipeline installation and repair, and other new infrastructure applications and similar to our Fluid & Metering success story. The band clamping business is also growing nicely in commercial segments that are adopting aerospace solutions to shield electrical and radio frequency interference. And we see plenty of opportunity in '08 in this business to continue to grow and perform well through line expansion and just solid execution. So again, the three businesses, each contribute about a third of the segment sales, and in total, we anticipate low-to-mid single digit organic growth for the segment, driven by expansion in the band clamping and rescue tools business and then partially offset by a decline in the fire suppression portion of the segment. So with that, I'll turn it over to Dom to go through the Q4 financials.
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Larry, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm now on slide 15, orders and sales. Fourth quarter orders of $350 million increased 11% from last year and 2% organically. Increases of 6% at FMT and 8% within Dispensing were offset by lower growth within fire suppression and Health and Science. Sales increased 15% in total, organic growth was 6%. And by segment, organic growth was as follows. FMT posted a 9% increase in the fourth quarter. Health and Science was down 1%. Dispensing was up 10% and lastly, fire safety and diversified products was up 5% in Q4. Turning next to operating margin on page 16, reporting... reported operating margin at 17.8% was down 170 basis points from last year. Adjusted operating margin was nearly 20%. In the quarter, we had impacts related to, first, bad debt expense from a recent bankruptcy of a fire suppression customer, secondly, our previously announced severance expense and also foreign currency translation and acquisition. And I'll walk you through these components by segment in a few slides, but let me be very clear, our fundamentals on price and operations remain extremely strong, and we still see an ability to expand margins as we move into 2008. Turning to income on page 17. Income from continuing operations was up 7% and EPS of $0.47 is 4% higher than last year. Income from continuing operations was unfavorably impacted by over $0.03 per share by severance and bad debt expense. Adjusted for these items, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.50, and that's an 11% increase versus the fourth quarter of last year. The fourth quarter tax rate increased 160 basis points versus the prior year due to timing of research and development tax credits and other tax matters. Moving to page 18, Fluid & Metering Technologies. And again, as Larry mentioned, FMT continues to post solid financial results. Orders were up 22% in the quarter, 6% on an organic basis. Sales increased 24%, 13% from recent acquisitions and 9% on an organic basis. Operating income of over $30 million was a 17% increase from last year. Operating margin of 20.2% was down 120 basis points from Q4 of 2006. To the far right, we've included an operating margin bridge reflecting the impact of currency and acquisition. So on an adjusted basis, we continue to see nice margin expansion on core organic growth and you can see the adjusted operating margin for the quarter is below at 21.8%. Moving down to page 19, Health & Science Technologies. For the quarter, orders were down 1%, sales were down 1%, organically. As we mentioned in the release, growth in core analytical instrument, IVD, and biotech markets was offset by softness in the pneumatic markets, as well as the maturing OEM contracts. Operating income was down 10%, operating margin of 18.8% reflecting a decline of 260 basis points compared to prior year. And again to the right, we've included a bridge. So adjusted operating margin of 19.5% reflects the impact from severance and currency and it's in line with performance in previous quarters. Turning next to Dispensing, page 20. Orders in the quarter were up 14%, and as I mentioned, that's 8% on an organic basis. Sales increased 17% and organic growth was 10% due mainly to replenishment orders from large US retailers. On margin, the 18.6% was down by 240 basis points compared to prior year, but it was a significant improvement sequentially of nearly 400 basis points from Q3 of ‘07. The table to the right reflects the year-over-year bridge again and that reflects the impact of both currency and severance-related expenses. So adjusted for these items, operating margin approaches 23%, which is in line with normalized margins at these volume levels. Turning to page 21, Fire, Safety and Diversified products. For the quarter, orders were up 4%, sales increased 10%, and organic growth was 5%. As Larry mentioned, growth for this segment is driven by global market expansion of our rescue tool business combined with new product innovation and our Band-It business. For the quarter, this portion of the segment grew at more than 15% and that was offset by decline of 15% in fire suppression. Operating income declined 2% versus last year and margin at 22% was a 270 basis point decline compared to last year, driven primarily by the customer bankruptcy that I previously mentioned and currency. Adjusted for these operating items, operating margin would have exceeded 26%. With that I'll turn it back over to Larry for the 2008 outlook.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dom. So we are assuming less economic lift in '08 but regardless of the market conditions, we see a pretty straightforward opportunity to grow. We can tactically execute what we're already in process with. Slide 22 is a simple organic bridge as we see it. Price will contribute 150 basis points to 200 basis points of growth for the company. The Dispensing program activity, as I mentioned, should contribute at least 100 basis points on a company wide basis of contributed growth. New product revenue out of all of the segments combined, that's the incremental revenue, that's aggregated out of all of our specific initiatives will contribute at least 200 basis points. International growth and continued channel expansion will contribute between 100 basis points and 200 basis points. So the math that we're doing inclusive of the specific segment slowing is that we will achieve mid single-digit organic growth, if we just stick to the IDEX netting as you know it. And to give you a sense for why we think we can deliver the 200 basis points of incremental new product revenue growth, we have over 100 product and market initiatives set at the business unit level that are in process. This is the IDEX single and double [inaudible] individually they contribute from 100 K, annually to $2 million of annual revenue as they ramp up. I'll run through several of the examples of those new product initiatives. Our hydraulic diaphragm pumps that we’ve just introduced in China are winning applications in power generation of water treatment. The new Faure Herman ultrasonic meters are being sold alongside our liquid controls products now. Our universal mag drive pump -- family offer the market a new sealless pump to be used in a broad range of applications, but particularly in situations where the emission of hazardous material from the process is a critical concern. We have diesel technology, I think, applied much more generally. We developed a pump to be used for full handling associated with the selected catalytic reduction. And we’ve developed two new families of food-grade pump products as part of our sanitary segment strategy. We are introducing two new entry-level dispensers, one in the Chinese market and one in the Western markets. We are also upgrading the high end of the Dispensing product range, both the 87,000 and 88,000 to increase speed and to improve accuracy. And we’ve introduced a new line of quick connect rescue tools. And we talked a bit about last quarter, which enables the combination of fast tool operation with fast tool interchangeability. So, as you know, our model is focused on innovations to drive growth, but innovation is also enabling direct cost reductions. In our number of projects and process that reduced material cost and/or manufacturing costs. So the question is, every project that guarantees success no, but it's certainly reassuring to have a long list of incremental revenue drivers so that the one project becomes make or break for us. I am going to move out now to the slide titled the full year 2008 outlook in that slides 23. Based on the organic grips that I just reviewed and the previously closed acquisitions, we will grow 13% to 15% this year. Our organic growth is assumed to be 4% to 6%, acquisitions will contribute 6% and FX is assumed to contribute about 3%. Based on that volume range, we estimate EPS will be $2.10 to $2.19. Within that stated range, the effective tax rate assumption is 35%; incremental intangible amortization expense for the company primarily driven by the ADS transaction will be $6 million, which impacts EPS by $0.05. And this is the current estimate, we are still finalizing the purchase accounting, so we can provide an updated estimate on the Q1 call. And CapEx for '08 will be $28 million to $30 million. For Q1, on page 24, we anticipate sales growth to be 12% to 14%, and that’s inclusive of 8% of acquisition contributed growth, plus 3% organic growth. Within that estimate for the quarter, we expect mid-single digit FMT organic growth; HST will be down 1% organically due to the OEM timing that we've just walked through. Dispensing for the quarter will be flat and Fire and Safety will be up slightly. And within Fire and Safety, as up slightly, as I said earlier, we factored in that the fire suppression portion of the business will be up by 15% year-on-year. The tax rate is assumed to be 35% for the quarter as well amortization increases by $2 million again due to ADS. So in summary, we have a similar view of the markets that we serve and our position. As we highlighted last quarter, we're not assuming a lot of economic help in our base growth assumptions. We have assumed a relatively poor performance in the North American fire business and we've not factored in HST all of the segment growth. All that said though, we're confident that we can execute our growth and profitability initiatives. We will continue to use commercial and operational excellence to sustain the improvement, and if we tactically execute what we're already in process with we’ll turn in an absolutely solid year. So, with that we'll take your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jim Lucas of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jim.
Operator: Jim, please go ahead. Jim, please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you hear me, okay?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We could hear you, Jim.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. This is actually Joe Herrick with Gutterman Research [ph]. A couple of things. It can be a very challenging year for a company and maybe factoring in surplus, what are you guys doing in terms of the operational improvement initiative throughout your plan regarding like various lean and six sigma to improve throughput, throughout your plans and what benefits do you expect to achieve with those?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Let me restate the question, because I'm not sure everybody can hear it is. In our manufacturing environment, and this overall top line environment as we're expecting what are the various lean and six-sigma initiative that apply? As your firm knows, and Jim who has followed us closely, that we have very consistently applied our operational excellence and more recently our commercial excellence. Overall, process improvement tool set very successful. We achieved in '07 our targeted incremental cost savings. So, we got to our both material, as well as labor productivity expectations. As we rolled up our plans for '08, we came to a number that exceeded '07 by a nice margin, which I’m not going to disclose right now. The most recent update is actually we think that we are even better off than that. And the way we track it Joe is that we look at actual costs, hard costs saved by the business and we have a very granular metrics approach that we can look into each of the business units, each of the product segments, understand by commodity. Right now in the case of labor to the... labor value contributed to any one of our work areas, we call them value strains, and I can tell you that we are rolling up an incremental number that's the best ever for certain and we're going to see nice contribution out of both our existing core businesses, as well as the newer acquisitions. On top of that, in the prepared remarks, as I mentioned through the course of '07, we significantly beefed up our supply chain management resources on the ground in China. And we think that we've already hit the ground running on some nice commodity-based, cross-business unit savings opportunities for us, that will begin to pay off early in the year and through the course of the year in '08. So, I can tell you that I think our businesses are just absolutely razor focused on both material and labor productivity. We've got higher hard numbers dialed into our plants. We’ve got good optics around the metrics, and I think with the new resources that we have added through the course, clearly the last couple of years, particularly in the supply chain side, I think we got nice opportunity to actually exceed our own internal expectations.
Unidentified Analyst: Talking about metrics, what metrics are you guys using to measure yourself against, are we looking at RONA or OEE, what's the [inaudible] IDEX to make sure that you are as you say number one in the industry?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We certainly look at our return on assets, but when we are talking about our own material of labor productivity, we are fundamentally focused on the variable cost components. So we look at it in a very granular fashion again down in… within the value stream as to what we see in the way of labor applied to the product, material cost embedded with the product, what we can do in terms of design, material content to improve that and also in terms of process to make it. So, yeah, on a very top level, we look at lot of return metrics, but really when we are talking about productivity and the various lean and six sigma initiatives, we are looking at things they are right now within the product cost, the material build, build goods.
Unidentified Analyst: As we continue into a very challenging year of 2008, what systems or solutions are you going to put in place to accelerate [inaudible] initiative?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I'm gong to make this the last question because I think we ought to continue to move on. But, in terms of our ability to execute and accelerate, as I've mentioned, I think the primary contributor for us is going to be all that supply chain expertise and capability that we have added particularly in the low cost regions and that's a corporate managed resource set that we now use to support the business units on a local basis and so we have made it a lot easier for the business units to take advantage of low cost sourcing and to pull their various spend across business units of our common commodity types. I think that will probably be the primary element that allows us to fuel accelerated improvement as we go forward not just '08, but beyond, and thanks for your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Schneider of Robert W. Baird.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Hi, guys.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mike
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Maybe first just focusing on the quarter, if you look at what an organic growth actually fell short from the last time we talked, it looks like it was HST and concentrated presumably in the pneumatics area. Did you see a degradation in the existing contracts as you went through the quarter that was, I guess representative for the industrial slowdown or were there additional contracts terminated or lost in Q4? Just some color would be helpful.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: This short answer, Mike, is yes, in some of those non-core HST industrial segments were basically supplying compressed air in the less differentiated fashion. We did see a little bit less in the way of sales and that's part of what’s included within our assumptions for Q1 as well. So that's a little bit more the kind of a non-core headwind. From a Q4 organic contribution based on the two OEMs that you know we’ve talked about quite a bit, those numbers came in pretty close to what we had anticipated.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: So, do you view the gas business as your most cyclical in the portfolio today and represented of I guess your basic industrial exposure?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say that it is certainly cyclically exposed. I wouldn't say it is representative of our industrial exposure though. No, we don't have much in the way of revenue in the other FMT businesses or HST businesses that's in the same end segments the gas it. And so, I don't think that it’s representative of our industrial exposure beyond what's already embedded in those numbers, if that's what you are referring to. And I think it is kind of the sum of the parts also is so.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then looking into '08, looking at HST and these two OEM contracts, I guess, I was surprised to see that you expect another three points or actually four points of pressure from those terminated contracts. Can you clarify is it that you actually lost or terminated additional business with those two OEMs or you’ve just now replaced them because this goes all the way back to Q1 of last year when we started talking about this and I just want to be clear what's new or different?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Mike. We want to go set out to basically slowly exit some of these non-differentiated elements of HST and basically re-invested some of the areas that we like more and that's... it's obviously both internally and acquisitively. What we anticipated through the point of our Q3 call, so when we talked in the fourth quarter was that there would be a couple of new... actually a few new OEM contracts that would begin ramping up early in the year this year whose volume would be offsetting the sun setting of those two large OEM agreements that we talked about. Those two programs are alive and well. The ones that are ramping up, when we think there is a third that looks pretty probable at this point. We have already committed the capital dollars to the two of the three late in the year last year and it’s really a matter of the timing of those as they ramp up, which now looks like it will be late in '08 versus what we have thought was early Q2 of '08. So as that's essentially yet the issue is not exiting additional OEM relationships now nor is it a tremendous different viewpoint as to what the sun setting of those OEM relationships was expected to be versus now what we anticipated. It’s more of the uptick on the few and then also the core business as it replaces it.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: So, would you consider then and if I heard you correctly, you expect HST to grow mid single digits this year organically despite soft 1Q expectation?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, we are viewing, as you know, we have expectation for HST of high single-digit organic growth. The way the year is mapped out without getting into a lot of detail by segment is relatively flat first half, followed by good growth in the back half where we have good program minus seg [ph] visibility. And the 400 basis points of headwind that we've referred to was 400 basis points versus our HST higher organic... higher single-digit organic expectations.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Got it. Okay, and then just to clarify though you sort of reached this ramp or achieved this ramp in the second half. This is the business you have booked today or is there a possibility again like going back to Q3 that these programs get delayed further or a detailed launch?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we have got a pretty conservative view of the timing of those, those aren't orders that are booked, but we are certainly very tied with our customers in terms of the ramp expectations there and again as I've said we have already to the point of committing the capital dollars to the program the resources and they are well along and it is a matter of their launch rates, and so I think that we feel pretty good about the timing.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay, one detail and I will get back in line. Dom, the ADS amortization expense, it is included in the Q1 and annual guidance?
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's right, Mike, it is. And that was again, 6 million, it's an estimate. We are still working through the final balance sheet in terms of intangibles and amortization, but that is in our 2008 estimates.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Got it. Thank you.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Graham of Bear Stearns.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Couple of questions for you, when you look at the FMT margin, you ex-out the acquisition effects, it looks pretty like the margins were still down, just a touch on what was pretty good revenue growth. And in the press release, you were... you cited in addition to acquisitions also FX. Could you, maybe connected that's for me here Dom on why the margin on an apples-to-apples, I think was down and maybe why FX was contributor to that?
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Scott, if you go to page 18, if you have the slides, there is an op income bridge. FX, if you look at the revenue, FX increased revenue by about $2.7 million, which didn't provide any significant operating income. Unlike and actually acquisitions, as well flow through just around 10% from an op income perspective. Now, I remember that includes amortization of intangibles. So, if you take out both the FX and acquisitions, you'll end up with an adjusted operating margin of 21.8% versus last year's 21.4% and that's roughly 27%, 28% almost 30% organic flow-through as we've... as we've talked about flow-through. But without getting to mechanical on FX, if you recall we acquired Quadro, we used foreign funds for that acquisition. So, we actually have a gain, if you look at other income and expense of about $1 million working through the gain on the P&L. And that was offset though as we have... this is one of our only locations where we have US-based sales and foreign currency related costs. So, we had a operating income drag related to both FX and acquisition of top. So, that's why you don't see what you might expect to be a modest income impact related to op income was actually a bit worse, that actually flow-through on acquisitions too. So, we keep a pretty solid tracking of organic and the outage through the operating initiatives. So, our view will be at these two adjustments count as we're still getting appropriate level of flow through on the organic side of FMT. And remember again the acquisitions included this quarter are Faure Herman and Quadro.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Okay. Next question relates to the full year 2008 guidance. It looks to me as if you know after what looks like a... let us say below average first quarter. That things improved pretty measurably from there or is that essentially what you're modeling like -- essentially sort of a slightly up first quarter and then increasingly up quarters or does it start to go. I don't want you to get too specific here of course, but I mean, are you looking at really much improved results beginning in the second quarter or are we kind of have to wait for that until the third quarter?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think Scott what we view you basically is that Q1 is on a total growth basis, not bad. Obliviously the organic assumption of around 3% is certainly below IDEX average. But, we think that the remainder of the year holds for pretty nice growth and certainly pretty nice EPS generation. So, we're not expecting this to be a hockey stick in a true sense of, a hockey stick at year at all.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Okay. Two other questions, did you say that organic in Dispensing in the first quarter is going to be down in total or down in couple of the portions of it?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Just to make sure, Dispensing is your question?
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Dispensing, yes.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: And what we are saying is for the first quarter is relatively flat, and as you know Dispensing is coupled against a tough relatively tough comp for the quarter. And, so they look like, they're going to have a great year overall.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Right. So, when you're referring to Dispensing, a portion of it again, you're just talking about like the US retail, European small retail business.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right. Thanks for the clarification.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Okay. Sure. Lastly, could you talk a little about the acquisition pipeline? In some of the conference calls that have occurred so far continue to speak to higher EBITDAs obviously because of the... as the cycle lengthens, as well as the departure of some, let's say, smaller private equity players are more caution than the larger ones essentially creating an incrementally better acquisition environment, can you comment on that on what it might mean for you in '08?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that's a pretty fair summary. I think incrementally better in terms of the quality of the properties that are out there. Multiples are still higher than they have been on a historical basis. I mean we are still pretty disciplined, but we continue to chug along and as you know we make very logical acquisitions that fit what we are trying to target and we will continue to do so. So, I don't expect multiples to drop tremendously quickly and we’ll be disciplined about what we pay. But the quality of properties and the number of funds that makes sense for IDEX is still reasonable.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Do you think you can have an '08 like you had in '07, Larry?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that we can have a great '08 and I think our guidance pretty well spills out what we anticipate at this point. So--
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: No, I mean acquisition wise?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, I think that in terms of total revenue that's certainly possible. Yeah, it always depends on how quickly, particularly on a proprietary basis, you can get these things to the finish line.
Scott Graham - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thanks.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert LaGaipa of Oppenheimer.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: Hi.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Bob.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: Just want to start off with a couple of clarifications. I guess, just related to the costs in Dispensing and Fire and Safety, can you just break out how much was severance versus was how much was the field service cost in Dispensing and likewise the severance versus the bad debt expense in Fire and Safety?
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Bob. If you go through Health and Science on slide 19, that 400 K on the bridge is all severance. And then if you look at Dispensing in the next slide, $1.2 million severance/other, 70%, 80% of this is severance, the rest is field service. So you saw the end of field service as you recall mid-October, we were pretty much through the cycle there. I won't give you the split on Fire and Safety because we are still on our claim process for the bankruptcy, but the lion's share of that amount you see on page 21, the 2.4 is mostly bad debt versus severance, but there is a piece of severance as well. But I hope you understand we are not going those details, because we are still filing our claims.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: No, absolutely. I guess with regard to that I mean, when you look at especially given the fact that the market suppose to be down as much as it is in the first quarter as well as coming off of the weakness we see in the fourth quarter, are there any other customers that you view as high-risk customers where we could have another bad debt expense moving forward?
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Bob, obviously you never want to see a bankruptcy, but we have been through a pretty thorough credit limit check and also kind of looking at our exposure by key customer and there is nowhere near this type of an exposure in the current balance. So, I'll never say never, but right now we've been strong on our credit limits and the like and in the midst of what's going on with the industry. So, I would say the answer is no. I don't expect to see any significant write-offs in '08.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: And one other question for you, Dom, just seeing with regard to the interest expense what are we expecting there for the full year?
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We do not... we didn't provide specific guidance on that. We leave it there, and we will update you as we get into Q1, but obviously you guys can do your own modeling you can see that fed cut, most of our current debt is floating with current rates. And I'll let you do your own model there for now.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: Perfect. And the last couple of questions, one is for Larry. I mean when you look at this environment and you look at some of the... how proactive you've been already in terms of addressing the cost structure in light of some of the choppiness you're seeing out there or maybe potential weakness continuing here. Where do we stand here on the cost side of things? I mean should we expect additional severance or should we expect any additional level of restructuring on a go-forward basis?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: When we rolled up our plans for '08, we went through a very rigorous exercise this year much more so than we have over the last couple of years to build contingency plans and to each one of the business units bottom build assumptions. And so I think we've got a very good understanding that elaborates our business unit leaders, know what their cost structures need to be, and I think we are in good shape. You could possibly see some additional severance come through as necessary, but I don't think you should expect a large number. And frankly anything of that sort obviously would be something that will put us in pretty good shape almost on an immediate basis in terms of local cost structure. So I think we are actually in terms of contingency plan and in pretty nice shape as we look forward into the year.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: Terrific and last question, if I could. I just want to circle back and drill down a little bit deeper into the HST in terms of these contracts. When you look at these two or three programs that are potentially ramping up, or you expecting to really get the benefit more so in the second half of the year, can you maybe just tell us, obviously not which OEMs they are, but maybe just give us a sense of what industries they are in, that will help us understand how they might be going?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, well for a number of reasons, I won’t go into too much specificity. But basically one of them I mentioned which will be multiple parties associated with the new EPA regulations that are being applied to various different diesel engine technologies, a lot of those fixed place large engine technologies where pumping of various things are required for the overall emissions reduction, and there is a couple of different processes that apply. So we think that one bodes for pretty nice multi-year continued growth because it's going to be rate driven and frankly we've got a superior solution. The other one that we talked a bit about is a few different food-grade applications and this is a family of pump products that's new but it is a derivative of some things that we have had for a couple of years that will be applied and a number of applications both food and sanitary, sanitary meaning could be for pharma or biotech that we think will ramp pretty nicely with some OEM volume, unfortunately I can't get into heck of a lot of detail there, Bob.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: Okay, terrific. Thanks very much.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Walter Liptak of Barrington.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Thanks, guys, and good afternoon.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Walt.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Dom, first question is for you. On order growth, in the press release it said 5%, I think in your commentary you said 2% organic growth, which one is it?
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's 2% organic on orders and that split FMT was up 6% for the quarter. You may be referring the full-year, for the quarter that was 2%, FMT was up 6%, Dispensing up 8%, HST was down 5% and Fire and Safety segment was basically flat, slashed down to 1%.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay, great. And I wondered if I could ask if we can get the organic revenue growth outlook that you're using for each of the segments in 2008?
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Walt, we are not being keen, but we are not going to provide that specifically. We gave you a kind of general view of the state, but it is the 4% to 6% range for the whole company as you might guess at this point, yes, there is puts and takes by segment. We are going to stick with this full year at this point.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay, good. And in the healthcare, the HST, in the past, originally you had talked about double digit growth and I realize the quarter is growing double digit at this point, but as we get into 2009, and I know that's a long way to off, wouldn’t we getting away from this overall HST growth in the low single digits and get into some things that’s more like the 15% that we--?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, absolutely Walt. The way we are modeling it, yes, it would be certainly prior to that, but, by '09 we emerge from the drag as we’re calling about to 15%.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay.
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What was your organic number that you quoted?
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Oh, I am sorry for which one?
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: HST.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Oh, for HST, yes the organic looks like it's in the low single digits for the last couple of quarters.
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, now just to be clear, the '09 looking forward expectation for HST would be high single digit organic growth and that would be basically moving beyond or what we calling out of the OEM drag that we ramp out of to the course of '08.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Oh, I am sorry. Okay, so for in '09 you wouldn't be getting up to an organic growth rate of 15% would be more like high single digit.
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We've, we are not assuming 15% organic growth in '09 for HST at this point anyway.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay. And then the last question, if I can switch over to the Dispensing business and you may have gone into this in the last quarter, but the smaller retailers you mentioned are still slow, but stabilizing. What is, can you provide a little bit more color because of the economy, the housing market etc?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Basically, I think the, what continues to drive the Dispensing sales is replenishment of equipment and that, that model again if you look at a top down and bottom build-up by the larger retails is truly solid. In our case, the age of the equipment, the basic purchase decision for the large retailers in a capital investment decision. And that capital investment decision as we talked before amortizes out as a bucket of paint as a really, really low expense item and it drives a very nice profitable product segment sales for them. So, it's a real easy return on investment decision for the larger retailer. Combined my guess and the smaller retailer, particularly the mom and pop segment within Dispensing as if the way they view it is cash as cash and they may not be making that spend on a larger piece of equipment and are more of a highly automated dispenser when they are concerned about how they manage on a short-term basis. And luckily as you know what we've seen both in Europe and in America is the growth in the segment has been driven by the paint shops, the company owned paint stores, the large retailers which are the harvest to our chains in the co-ups [ph] and larger retailers which are the mass and DYI format of retailers, and again what we have in the way of bottom build plan that we work very closely with their model for '08 suggests that now things hold as they are that we will have a nice organic opportunity irrespective of the housing market.
Walter Liptak - Barrington Research: Okay, perfect. All right, thanks guys.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Summerville of KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets.: On first just on the Fire and Safety side, just within fire suppression, I guess how are you thinking about the second half of 2008 and then on the rescue tools side, how much of that business is non-US now?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: First on the fire suppression side, for the back half of '08 for us, obviously if that comp serves for a quite bit easier. So, we are assuming that it’s at least flat, it’s not better than that. We're still maintaining a conservative outlook and that’s what we’ve factored into our overall top line assumptions for the year. But, frankly now it's we think based on the comp issue for the first half plus what we see in way of truck based program activity, much more of a first than second half effect. On the rescue tools business, it is a very much in internationally distributed business. So historically it's always had in the neighborhood of about 65% to 70% of sales outside of the US and whether the fastest growth has been, frankly in some other country markets that we've never participated in. If you look back over the last 12 months, we’ve gotten orders out of all the smaller country markets in Eastern Europe and some of the emerging African country markets and Middle East markets and some of the South East Asia country markets, so let's going to rethink continue to propel the overall sales growth for rescue tools, but in the segment, it'll largely be the international growth.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets.: Okay. And then in terms of the tax rate for either the first quarter or the full year, I think you are a little under 34 for the year '06, a little under or maybe right at about 34 in '07. Why the uptick in the tax rate?
Dominic Romeo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Matt, to be blunt, we can't really call that close I think that we've always told folks somewhere in the 33 to 35 range, there’s a lot of moving parts in '08. State taxes actually, as our U.S. not to make a public service comment, but as our U.S. income becomes more of a bigger piece of the puzzle that may be up a bit. But it's 34 to 35 and as it’s now settled, we'll update you on that every quarter but it could be 34 right now, we're guiding on 35.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets.: Okay. And then just again within HST you kind of talked about the fact of things that been pushed out, but can you kind of get into more around what the root cause on that push-out is, is this something that normally occurs in that business?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I wouldn't say it normally occurs, let's, basically new program activity from time-to-time with customers move slower than you're ready for the customer to move. We don't think that there is anything that's changing their -- the group decision to invest as matter of fact quite the opposite, we think it’s actually upside as we move forward with the couple of programs that we talked about, it's really just the time for execution.
Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Capital Markets.: Okay. That's all I have, thanks.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ned Borland of Next Generation. Ned Borland – Next Generation Good morning, guys. Couple of questions here on fire, I guess we've to look at the three buckets that you talked about, fire suppression, rescue tools and then Band-It. Can you talk a little bit about the margins for each of those buckets which is the highest margin and which is the lowest?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We got a lot of detail, I'll tell you that Band-It has got fantastic margins, rescue tools has got fantastic margins, and fire has got modest fantastic margins. So the mix should work to our benefit. Ned Borland – Next Generation Okay. And then the bankrupt customer, I mean what percentage of your segment revenue, I guess, what they have represented?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know what's going in to that detail right now, I think we got frankly, not… disclose our annual revenue to that customer. But from a top line standpoint, their bankruptcy is not materially impacting what we view is our expectation for the first part of this year, we already kind of had the impact is pretty slow. Ned Borland – Next Generation Okay. All right, great, that's all I had.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. I don't know if you mentioned it, talking about the percentage of sales that came out of new products?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Charlie, it was just over 22%. We've seen a very nice increase year-on-year now for three years running. If you look at particularly the... kind of the end of the year to measure that, on a year-over-year basis, so we are up a couple hundred basis points in terms of new product sales, that's sales generated within the last three years over the total sales denominator.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: And then on slide 22, you talked about your growth plan in '08 and specifically under globalization and channel expansion, could you just expand on that and give a little color as to what that's really driving towards and what channels, maybe a little more detail?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. As I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have expanded our international channels nicely over the last... really the last couple of years. We've got nice sales resource content on the ground now in Asia, and it's performing extremely well, particularly for Fluid Metering where we are generating huge organic growth there, in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Russia and even some incremental resources in Western Europe, we expect that will grow very nicely in all those markets and then we are looking at some other selective country markets, where we’ve made some initial investments in places like India, which are fairly new country markets for us, so we expect that some of the resources investment that we've already made will already begin and this frankly already is paying dividends. But if we continue to see the opportunity frankly for geographic base channel expansion at the largest portion of that, I wouldn’t say there is much in the way of new alternative channels to market that is going to aggregate into a lot for ‘08, but there is some opportunities to continue to improve our access selectively otherwise as well so, improved access to other markets we serve.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: And so then the channel expansion really that is... did you say is geographic tied into the geographic expansion not sort of branching out into a newly identified, area or application for existing products or new R&D?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct, that the vast majority of what I was speaking to is global entitlement.
Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks very much.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Well, I just had a few really quick ones, in terms of the program push-out from the HST segment, is any that of FDA related on the sanitary or pharma aside, that may be beyond your or your customer controls?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we do run into that, in some cases from time to time with our HST customers, but in this case it’s nothing to do with FDA or anyone concerned.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right and than, just moving into the bad debt expense, are there any other payments you expecting from this customer, but you may have to account for going forward or is this the best.... is the entire magnet, I should say?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, again without getting into details, I would just tell you that we would not expect to have any future exposure based on the charge that we've taken in the fourth quarter full heartedly with there for now.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right, and just finally on the Dispensing side something we expect in pretty good high single digit growth, based on what your customer forecast look like to you right now, I’m just wondering how financially committed are the OEMs to the forecast to give you... give you a six month rolling forecast or something, but I’m guessing the amount of financially committed to maybe two or three weeks are so?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know it depends. We tend to hear science for commitment long before the orders that's what your referring to that, if you look at the last four or five years, I can tell you our accuracy in forecasting on a multiple like two or three quarter out basis has been extremely strong, very, very accurate. The order itself typically doesn't come in until a few weeks, somewhere in the five to six weeks prior to when we realize the first sales out of that blanket, however, we have line of sight that typically is two or three months in advance of that and it’s with that level of certainty that we are making some of the comments that we are today.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right, that's helpful and just finally, new products, we expect 200 to 300 basis point of growth out of it in 2008. How much of that contribute in incrementally in '07 for us, I know it was 22% of total sales but on a year-over-year growth in '07 how much was that?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Out of that growth, there would be a relatively small portion of '07 sales that are ramping through '08. Most of the way that accounting was stated was incremental sales of programs based on products that are for the most part finished, but that didn't generate huge '07 sales.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Schneider of Robert W. Baird.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Larry and Dom, just circling back to slide 22. It’s going to sound like an odd question, but if you add out the categories of growth you come up on the low end at 5.5 points of growth up to 8 points of growth on the high end, organic growth is estimated for the year at four to six. I mentioned there is some hedge factor in there, but even if you take the 4 to 6, it looks like your GDP assumption for North America at least is zero, is that your implicit assumption in here?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Essentially, what we are saying Mike is that we are not going to see a lot of economic help, as we mentioned in our remarks. Now GDB... GDP excuse me or market growth of zero is probably obviously too conservative. What we said here is, if you run through these one by one, a price increase, the 150 to 200 basis points pretty well locked in, so that's not a question, and frankly we think that will flow through pretty nicely based on what is our material cost standpoint. The 100 basis points on a company wide basis is contributed by dispensing, but that per the last question said is that is we think very certain. There is always a potential for some of those do not materialize. So now there is maybe a bit of a hedge there based on program activity and not knowing to you absolutely healthy order locked in Q2 and we do feel very good about it though. On the new product, incremental portion, I think that's the best way to think about it is at least 200 basis points, so kind of state where the 200 versus 300 basis point incremental number there. And then on the channel expansion, we basically said it could be as much as 200. Our plans roll up to that, we took it down a little bit here in terms of range. So I think the summary is... yes Mike there is a little bit of hedge built in here just based on all the conjuncture around what is going on in the economy in the market, but when we look at our tactical plans, frankly we feel pretty comfortable about that mid-single digit organic number for the year at this point. So, it’s not perfect and it's a bit circular in terms of logic, but frankly it supports we think a nice organic expectation.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Great. Well and a... I'm obviously trying to emphasis the conservatism of the forecast. The other way to look at slide 22 is the one category that’s missing is he volume and in order for you to reduce this range down to this 4% to 6% organic growth forecast, you have to assume negative volume. If that does the mathematics of it, what in '07 would be unsustainable heading into '08 in terms of volume growth? Is there any particular program that you can call out that is fading? Is there any particular market dynamic that fades, and along that question, I presume a few OEM contracts, they're virtually at zero today. So, that wouldn't be a negative increment in '08.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike as we talked through there is... the only real negative market element would be fire suppression, and we talked through that 10 to 15 for the first half. So, down 10 to 15 first half. And then flat to roughly first, second half. The OEM component that we talked about within HST if you look at it on an all-up basis really doesn't swing the numbers negatively, tremendously but does have a very slight negative impact year-on-year. And then it is the... I guess the unknown and I don't frankly think at this point that we ought to assume that that's much more than what we stated, because when we look at FMT in particular, the markets are really holding quite strong and we think we'll continue to generate nice growth through the course of the entire year and beyond. So, if these...those are top line expectations are slightly on a conservative side that could be from organic standpoint.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: And then just in terms of the momentum, we're five weeks into the quarter now. As you look back from the start of October through January. Can you give us a sense of your feeling for general industrial trends as you progressed over the last four months?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No surprises at all. We feel basically like so far and it's obviously early, but things are materializing, as we would have anticipated them to.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: And your anticipation was what?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: For the Fluid Metering businesses, those segments that we called out energy, water, pharma all the petrochem that they are going to perform nicely in aggregate, they'll generate probably mid-to-high single-digit growth. The offsets in FMT will be relatively few, but it will be more things like the on board vehicle applications and some of those things, which might be a little bit slower, they'll be still be growing, but slower growth. But then, the Fire and Rescue segment, that's the three components that I spoke to. So, rescue tool is up, Band-It up, offset by fire down. Dispensing as you know kind of binary in nature in terms of growth, but we expect that we'll see nice growth through the course of '08, and the opportunity frankly for really nice growth. And then HST, we've... I think we have talked to that basically it comes down to the OEM drag on the core business growth. And so, if you look at the end markets that apply to all of those, essentially pretty consistent with what we had assumed, we started building our plans back in late September.
Mike Schneider - Robert W. Baird: Okay. I appreciate it.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert LaGaipa of Oppenheimer.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: Hi, I just had two quick follow-up questions. I guess one just clarification, the acquisition growth that you're anticipating for 2008, that acquisition's is already in hand, correct?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct Bob. Those acquisitions have already closed.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: Okay. And is there an official target for 2008 in terms of revenue?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: Okay. And then lastly, the price increase, the 150 to 200 basis points. What was that in '07, and where is that weighted towards in 2008. Is it the new products predominantly, is it in any particular segment may be if you could just give us some color there?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. '08 assumptions are pretty consistent with '07 and in fact they’re pretty consistent with what we've executed every year. The price increases aren’t certainly not every segment every customer, we have some customer segments that are much more competitive than others. But when you look at them on a bi-segment basis, we do believe that we get price and we get material parts and flow-through when you look at price plus material cost. So we don't see any adverse impact as a function of price and again most of the businesses have locked in there. They are priced in their discount plans already and they have already been executed, so it’s a matter of just realizing the sales accordingly.
Robert LaGaipa - Oppenheimer: Terrific. Thanks a lot.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Cram of Reed, Connor, and Bergwell [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi Larry, hi Don, how are you doing?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good. How are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Good. Two questions. First, might be more of a comment than a question kind of [inaudible]. I noticed, maybe like couple of years ago you really didn't provide any type of guidance. I think last year, you started doing yearly and now all of sudden you are doing the quarterly guidance game. I am just kind of wondering what the rationale is there because in the past you've kind of talked about your business being a short cycle business, there's going to be a lot of noise from quarter-to-quarter. Why put that emphasis on kind of that short-term quarterly noise and kind of taking away from, I guess the long-term view of the business.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well hopefully we are not taking away from the strategic plan that we are executing and that we haven't… we have proven now that we are interested primarily in growth both organic and inquisitive growth and driving good flow-through right to the operating line as a function of that growth. And that's… if you look at our track record what we've executed. So nothing changes there of course. There is lots of friends out there that both tell us we ought to be providing guidance and those that say that we shouldn't. We made the decision given the fairly volatile nature of what is going on up there in the various segments that apply that we speak in a little more specificity to what is going to impact us and we walk away through both the year and the quarter. I’d say operationally, we have got better visibility into our businesses and our ability to forecast has improved a bit, certainly not perfect by any means. But all out, we decided that more information earlier on was a better thing. Certainly not meant to detract from the focus that we got in terms of building long-term and sustainable value as a business and now continue to execute the outstanding track record we've got.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright, just, I don't know, it seems like the quarterly guidance tends to be a loser's game. But next question, looking at, you said what you…you’re going to generate ample free cash flow next year and it's, most of that is going to be targeted towards growth which will be buying growth via acquisitions. Wanted to get kind of your thought process as you look at this, if you look at the acquisitions you guys have made over the last say couple of years, there's been a quite a few that have been in that two to three times revenue multiple. In this environment, I understand how the strategic have an advantage and this is probably going to be the best year to make strategic acquisitions out there. But you also have your stock rate now trading at about 1.5 times revenue, probably as cheap it’s been about six years. So how do you look at that versus buying growth at 2 to 3 times, versus buying your own stock at 1.5 times and how do you… that pre-cash, how do you maximize the return on invested capital?
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you know it is good point. Obviously, fundamentally I think the stock is a great buy. At the same time we think that we've proven by a way of every single acquisition we've made that we've made great returns on those investments and they have allowed us to improve our position in the target markets that we’re continuing to build out. So those acquisitions fundamentally enable organic growth, which has got outstanding returns associated with it. So if you look at the acquisitions that we've made, frankly on a history to date from the zero [ph] IDEX or just ones that we've made over the last couple of years they are performing very well and they have allowed us to get at an organic return on investment model that is phenomenal. So the primary capital deployment strategy is to continue to use it for acquisition, for growth. And to allow us to continue to build our foothold, so that we can build that organic subsequent growth on top of where we position ourselves.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, Thank you.
Larry Kingsley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: All right. I think that' it . We want to thank you all very much for joining. We've obviously provided a lot of detail in our prepared remarks and some very good qualifying questions as well. We definitely anticipate a solid '08 and we look forward to talking to you again a quarter from now. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Q4 '07 earnings call for IDEX Corporation. You may now disconnect.
